A

COLLECTION

OF THE

PUBLIC LOCAL AND PERSONAL

STATUTES,

PASSED IN THE

Forty-first Year

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE the THIRD:

In the FIRST SESSION of the FIRST PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre And Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty.

1801.

[Table of public acts removed.]

---

A TABLE of the Statutes

PUBLIC LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

1. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and altering the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Tadcaster, through Collingham, Harewood, Arthington, and Pool, to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York. 3

2. An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield to the Turnpike Road at Hernstone Lane Head, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, all in the County of Derby.9

3. An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Aberdeenshire Canal Navigation to complete the same. 21

4. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Boroughbridge in the County of York, to the City of Durham, and for more effectually repairing the said Road. 25

5. An Act for amending, widening, and repairing, several Roads in the County of Carmarthen. 33

6. An Act for continuing the Term, and rendering more effectual, Two Acts, made in the Second and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County; and also for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the Place where the said South Gate formerly stood, to the Place where the North Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds formerly stood. 37

7. An Act for enlarging, improving, and regulating, the Cattle Market, within the City and County of the City of Canterbury. 41

8. An Act for making and maintaining a convenient Carriage Road from the Botley Turnpike Road, on Curdridge Common, in the Parish of Bishops Waltham, to join the Gosport Turnpike Road, at or near Filmerhill, in the Parish of Westmeon, with a Branch from the said Road, on Corhampton Down, to the Village of Corhampton, all in the County of Southampton. 57

9. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His iate Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston-upon Thames and Thames Ditton, in the County of Surrey; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, in the said County. 89

10. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts, severally passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and improving several Roads leading to the Borough of Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, and also for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to the Road leading from the West Gate, under Madford, in the Borough of Launceston aforesaid, by Docacre, to the North Gate, in the same Borough. 97

11. An Act for altering, widening, and repairing the Road leading from the Town and Port of Dover to the Town and Port of Sandwich, through the Parish of Waldershare, and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, up Kersney Court Hill, to the Parish of Whitfield otherwise Beausfield, in the County of Kent. 105

12. An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Roads leading to the said Town. 133

13. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and amend the Powers of Three Acts, passed the First, Second, and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge in West Knoyle, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts. 141

14. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapston, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and for repairing and widening several other Roads near or adjoining thereto. 149

15. An Act for enlarging the Powers or Authorities given by an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Enfrachisement of Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcel of Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed by the Act of Parliament of the Third of Charles the First, and for the Sale of Tythes also entailed by the said Act, in order to facilitate the Sale of the Tythes therein mentioned. 153

16. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the; Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road, from the Hand and Poii in Upton Field, in the Parish of BurforxJ, in the County, of Oxford, to a Place in the Parish of Pres on, in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy’s Fancy. 161

17. An Act for levying Cofiver lion Money !in Lieu of Statute Labour* and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing the High Roads in the County of Selkirk. 169

18. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years* and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, thetTerm, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Croft Keys, otherwise Brkker's Barn, in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Eaf on Bridge, in the County of Somerset. 185

19. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, palfed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester, in the said County, and Feckenbam, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester, and from Alcester, through Great Coughtou and Crabs Cross, in the said County, of Warwick, and through Heivell Lane, and Burcott, to the Cross of Hands, on a Common called The Leekhay, and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tut-nell, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester. 193

20. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in the said County, so far as the fame relate to the Road between the Town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid. 197

21. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Mai lh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of {fielding, in the County of Norfolk. 201

22. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, in the County of Norfolk. 241

23. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avom Canal Navigation "to complete the same, and for amending the several Acts palfed for making the said Canal. 283

24. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirty* third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Roads from Dean-burn Bridge, through Greenlaw, and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the County of Berwick,.to Cornhill, in the County of Durham, and for te-pairing and amending the Roads from Orange Lane to Swinton, and from Coldstream, by Swinten Mill, to Mount Pleasant, in the said County of Berwick.

25. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and certain Roads branching from the same, as relates to the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and to the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hilt to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld. 309

26. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the , Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Ring George the Second, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton in the County of Devon. 317

27. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End

of the then next Session of Parliament, and for amending, and making more effectual, Four several Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Yeats of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through ’Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the lame relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, in the said County. 325

28. An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End

of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross at Broken Crols, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Buxton, in the County of Derby; and for making and keeping in Repair certain Branches of Road to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road. 333

29. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Second, Fifth, and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present "Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdown Gate in Pop-ham Lane, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through Hursley, to Chandler’s Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid to the Turnpike at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winborm Minster, in the County of Dorset; and for amending and widening the Road from Ringwood Cate, in the said County of Southampton, to Woolsbridge, and from a Street called The Hundred, at Romfcy, through Chtkvorth, to the River at Swatbl'ing, in the said County. 341

30. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the

Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Pari Hi of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of 7 ork; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Ob-flruftions; and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Coal Carriers, and Water Carriers, Trucks, Carts, and other Carriages, within the said Parish. 349

31. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, at or near a Place called Wilkinson’s Gun Wharf, in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Mitcham, in the Parish of Mitcham, in the said County; and also divers Collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of Surrey and Kent. 405

32. An Act for enabling Charlotta Bethell Widow, to make and maintain a

Navigable Canal from the River Hull, at a Point in the Parish of Leven, near the Boundary between Ejke and Leven Carrs, in the East Riding of the County of 2 'ork, to Leven Bridge, in the said Riding. 461

33. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of Wandf-

luorth to the Town of Croydon, with a Collateral Branch into the Parish of Carshallon, and a Navigable Communication between the River L1 hames and the said Railway at Wandsworth, all in the County of Surrey. 477

34. An Act for more effectually draining and improving certain Fen Lands

within the Manors and Parishes of Upveell and Outwell, and in the Parishes of Denver and Wclney, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk. " 529

35. An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the

Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the 'Third, intituled, An Act for more effectually draining and prefirving certain Fen Lands and Lena Grounds in the Manor or 'Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln. 553

36. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the

End of tho then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from the South West End of Nether Bridge, in the County of West-nurlajtd, by Sizcrgh Fell Side to Lcvens Bridge, and from thence through the Town of Millthrop to Dixes, and from the Town of MiUtbrop aforesaid to Hang Bridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road at the Guide Post near Clawthrop Hall in the County aforesaid. 561

37. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of New Windsor in the County of Berks, into the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford in the County of Middlesex; and for amending, Widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from and out of the

said Road at Southley in the Parish of Datchet, to the Village of Datchet in the County of Bucks. 565

38. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping

in Repair, the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Don-head Saint Andrew in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Half Way House in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of SL-afteJbttry and Sherborne aforesaid. 597

39. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Ninth

and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying open and widening certain Ways, Passages, Streets, and Places, within the Town of Birmingham; and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and also for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Drivers of all Carriages, in the said Town; for laying open and widening certain other Streets and Places there; for further regulating the Police of the said Town, and the Manner of laying Out and paving new Streets there, and for other Purposes. 633

40. An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End

of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and amend the Powers of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also to continue and render more effectual, an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kilbourne, to make a r.ew Road from, the great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, so far as the fame is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said frf-mentioned Acts; and for making a Road from the said new Road, near Queen’s Row, to Bagnigge Walh; and for watching, lighting, and watering t/se said Roads. 649

41. An Act for continuing, until the End of the First Session of Parliament, which shall commence after the Fifth Day of fitly One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two. Two Acts, severally passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge to Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, and a Branch from the said Road at or near Skipton Bridge aforesaid, through Ainderby, fuernbow, and Na/ictfold to Majkam, in the North Riding of the County of York. 657

42. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirenafier in Uae County of Gloucester, to Cricklade in the County of Wilts; and for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from near the Wharf at Latton in the said County of Wilts, to the Town Bridge in Cricklade aforesaid. 665

43. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of llis late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guldeford to the Directing Poll near tile Town of Farnham in the County of Surrey. 673

44. An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Roads from Bonington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of li'igtoft, and to Langrct Ferry in the County of Lincoln. 677

45. An Act for enlarging the Term and altering the Powers of Two Acts, one made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and repairing the Roads leading from Dover to Barham Downs, and from Cowgate and Archcliff Fort in Dover, through Folkestone to the Town of Hythe in the County of Kent; and for repealing so much thereof as requires the Trullees therein named to keep in Repair the several Roads leading from Archclff Fort in Dover, to Folkestone, and from the Parish of Folkestone to Hythe. 685

46. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open Fields and other Lands within the several Parishes of Downham Market, Wimbotsham, and Bixwell, in the County of Norfolk. 701

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Maidfmorttm, and the Hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend-End, in the Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks. 725

48. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laving in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, situate, lying, and being in that Part of the Parish of East Hcndred, which is in the Hundred of IVantage, in the County of Berks, called Wellmanftdc, except such Part of the said Common Meadows as lieth in a Meadow called Fox Mead, or Ardington Mead. 753

49. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Dumfries to Moffat,

and from Grateney, by Amuin, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and several ether Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Kirkcudbright. 781

50. An Act to amend and widen the Roads leading from Staplecross, in the Parish of Ewburjl, to Hornscross, in the Parish of Hart hi am, and from Horns-trofs aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Brickwall House, in the Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of Beck ley, and also the Road from Staplecross aforesaid to Bodiam Bridge, in the Parish of Bodiam, and from thence through the Parishes of Bodiam aforesaid and ioateburjl, to the Turnpike Road at Silvef Hill, in the said Parish of Sulehurst, all in the County of Sussex. 801

51. An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making more commodious the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts; for watching the said Town, and better supptying the fame with Water; for regulating the Fares of Coachmen, Chairmen, Porters, and Carters plying in the said Town, and of Pilots, Watermen, and Jobbers employed in the said Harbours, and oil the River Clyde, and for feuing out the Glebe of the said Town. 833

52. An Act for explaining, altering, and amending, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for deepening, eleanfipg, scouring, preferring, and maintaining the Harbour of Port Glasgovj, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act. 853

53. An Act for more effectually improving and maintaining the old Ilarbour of Rye in the County of Sussex. 861

54. An Act for building a Pier, at Shecrnefi, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, imposing, and recovering certain Duties for the supperde , maintaining, and keeping in Repair the said Pier; for paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting, watching, watering, and improving the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Pafluges and Placfei, within that Part of the Parish of Minster, in the said Isle ’of Sbcppy (iMiich lieth near His Majesty's Dock Yard and Garrison of Sheerness), called Blue Town and t lie Town; and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obit ructions therein. 869

55. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of Burjledon Bridge and Roads, to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the said Bridge and Roads. 913

56- An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Forest or Chase of Need-wood, in the County of Stafford. 917

57. An Act to enable the Corporation of the Royal Exchange Assurance to allure

Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and other Craft employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects laden therein. 985

58. An Act to enable the Corporation of the London Afurance to allure

Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and other Craft employed in inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects laden therein. 989

59. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, diverting, and improving

the Road leading from Reading in the County of Berks, to Bqfingffoke in the County of Southampton. ppg

60. An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of Two several Acts, made respectively in the First and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and maintaining the Road from Dartford to Northfleet, and other Roads therein mentioned, in ithe County of Kent, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned. 1021

61. An Act for improving and extending the Navigation of the River Exe,

from the publick Quay at Exeter to the publick Road adjoining Four Mills near Crediton in the County of Devon, by making a Navigable Canal or Cuts, and deepening and widening such Parts of the Rivers Exe and Credy as shall be necessary for that Purpose. 1037

62. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the several Parishes of Saint Michael and the Holy Trinity in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City > and for exempting the Vicars of the said Parities from being rated to the Relief of the Poor in respect of certain Assessments. 1697

63. An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Mitford and Launditch in the County of Norfolk. 1129

64. An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel, lately erected in or near Kiri gate Street, within the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York. 1149

65. An Act for enlarging and improving the Market Place of the Town of

K'tngston upon Hull, and for making a commodious Street from thence to the River Humber, with a Dock and Wharf, or Landing Place, for the Ferry and Market Boats belonging and referring to the said Town. x 161

66. An Act for enlarging and improving the Market Place within the Town of Rotherham in the West Riding of the County oiTork, and for widening and rendering more commodious the Streets and Avenues leading thereto; and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets and other publick Passages and Places within the said Town. 1189

67. An Act for continuing and amending an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Rowers of Two Acts, of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, made for building a temporary Bridge, and completing a new Stone Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead in the County of Durham, and making the Avenues to, and the Passages over the fame more commodious; and for removing and preventing Nufances and Annoyances in the Streets, Lanes, or Avenues leading to the said new Stone Bridge, within the Town of Gateshead in the County of Durham; and for enabling the Trustees named in the said Act to widen and enlarge the said new Stone Bridge. 1213

68. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation, to raise Money for completing the said Canal; and to alter, explain, and amend the Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal. 1217

69. An Act for further continuing the Duties and altering the Powers granted by four Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third and Eighteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging llie Pier and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of York. 1241

70. An Act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to extend the said Canal from the Whitchurch Branch thereof at or near certain Water Corn Mills, called The New Mills, in the Parish of Whitchurch in the County of Salty, to and to communicate with the Chester Canal, in the Township of <&toke in the Parish of Act011 in the County of Chester; and for altering and amending the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Ellesmere Canal. 1245

71. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Juntil art Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the Whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts of the Thirty-third, Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth, and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for altering and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts. 1257

72. An Act for draining, preserving from Water, and improving certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Parishes or Chapelries of North Wcotou, Piiton, West Pennard, Baltonsborough, Barton Saint David, Butleigh, Street, Glaflan Saint John, Glaston taint Benedict, Walton, Ashcot, Shapwick, Moortinch, Catcott, Chilton, Edington, Cojfington, Woolavington, llunlfpill, East Brent, South Brent, Mart, Wedmore, Mearc, Burnham, Badgworth, Bad-disham. Chapel Allerton, Were, Puritan, Pawlet, Wookey, and the out Parish of Saint Cutbberl, in Wells, all in the County of Somerset. 1273

73. An Act for draining and improving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Leverington and Leverington Parson Drove, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge. 1301

74. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving the Open Fields, Meadows, Pafrures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Ashby, in the Parish of Bottesford, in the County of Lincoln. 1323

75. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Field, Common-able Marsh Lands, Half Year Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Ground* within the Parishes of South Walsham Saint Laurence and South Walfham Saint Mary in the County of Norfolk; and for draining and preserving the fame. 1365

76. An Act; for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Potter Heigham in the County of Norfolk. 1405

77. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving several Common Moors, called Sydney Moor, Small Moor, Rodway Moor, Waters Upton Moor, and other Commons and Waste 1 aiuls within the several Parishes of Rockwardine, Eyton, Kinncrjley, and Waters Uptcn in the County of Salop, and within the several Townships of Crudgeington and Slcap, in the Parish of High Ercall, otherwise Ercall Magna, in the same County. 1449

78. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of flis present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Thropple, Long Witt on, and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Elfdon in the County of Northumberland. 1485

79. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End

of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and keeping in Repair such Part of the Roads described in the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, as leads from the End of Culharn Bridge next to Culharn in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon in> the County of Berks, and from the Mayor’s Stone at the End of Boar Street in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield in the same County. ' 1793

80. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the South District

or Division of the Roads from Royflon in the County of Hertford to Wan-desford Bridge in the County of Huntingdon; and for continuing and amending an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the said District. 1309

81. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy in the Township of Elton, through the Town of Middlewieh, and by Spittle Hill in Stanthorn, to IVinsford Bridge, and from Spittle Hill to the Town of Northwich in the County Palatine of Chester. 1513

82. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End

of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Eall End of Brough-under-Stainmor e in the County of Westmorland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Eanient Bridge in the said County. 1517

83. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rugby in the County of Warwick, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lutterworth to Market Harborough in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton. 1525

84. An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter the Powers of Two Acts, one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to widen and repair the Road from the Guide Post near the End of Drayton Lane near Banbury, in the County of Oxford, to the Hause called the Sun-rising, at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick; and the other, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act. *549

85. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two fts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the fame Acts relate to the Road from the Market House in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minchinhampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchinhampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirtncejfer to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Tayloe’s Mill Pond in Chaford Bottom, and through Hide to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and for repairing, altering, and improving the Road from Tayloe’s M.ll Pond aforesaid to Foflon's Ash, in the Parish of Bi/ley, in the said County of Gloucester. 1553

86. An Act for extending and enlarging the Powers, and increasing the Rates and Duties, of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Newcastle upon. Tyne, and for better regulating the Port of Newcastle, 1565

87. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and ahering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from Sage Croft in the Town of Melton Mowbray in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Grantham in the County of Lincoln. 1581

88. An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for widening and repairing several Roads leading from the IVe/Jh Gate and Cotton Hill in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop; and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road from the present Road from Shrewsbury to IVe/Jh Pool, at or near the Tenth Mile Stone, to, or near to, Buttingtcn Hall in the County of Montgomery, 1593

89. An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and e; Jarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell Vent in the l'arish of Ticehurji in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Hajtings in the said County. 1605

90. An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-thirdYear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whit-church, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading front Whitchurch aforesaid, through Ternhill, to Newport aforesaid, being the Second Diitridt of Roads in the said Acts mentioned. 1613

91. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleajley, Glapwell Heath, and Nor-menton, and the Liberty of Hajland, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Chejlc field, in the County of Derby. 16 zi

92. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the First and Tenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of West Taphouse Lane to the Borough of Liskeard, and from thence to the Combe Rowe Hoitfe, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon. 1625

93. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin and Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, and amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the said Town of Ruthin into the Turnpike Road from Corwen to Llanrwjl, at or near a certain House called Ccrmoge Mawr, in the Parish of Llanyfydd, in the said County. 1633

94. An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for making and maintaining a Road from Tiltups Inn, in the Parish of Horsley, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to Dudbridge, at or near Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough, and from the Bridge at Nailsworth, in the Parish of Avening, to Minchinbamptan Common, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester, and for altering some Parts of the said Roads. 1641

95. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Bellmour Lane to the Top of Stephen's Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said County, and from the said City of Winchester, through Ctterborne, to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of South-ptmptcn. 1653

96. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the Road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton, in the County of Derby, and Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and also the Road from Hemeftone Lane Head, and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel-en-le-Frith, all in the said County of Derby, to the laji mentioned Road at Whaley, in the said County of Chester; and for making and repairing a new Branch of Road from the said Turnpike Road at or near Barmoor Clough, near the Town of Chapel-en-le-Frith aforesaid, to Fairfield near Buxton aforesaid. 1669

97. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the

Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberty of Hallamshire, in the County of York, and within Six Miles of the said Liberty, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices. 1685

98. An Act for making, widening, and repairing the Road from the Old Bridge, in the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, through the several Townships of Stockport, Offerton, and Marple, to or near Marple Bridge, all in the said County; and a Branch from the said Road, in the Township of Marple aforesaid, through the Village of New Mills, to or near Thornfet Gate, both in the County of Derby, and another Branch firom or near Thornfet Gate aforesaid, through the Village of New Mills aforesaid, to or near the present Road, in the Township of Disley, in the said County of Chester. 1689

99. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Road from the Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford. 1729

100. An Act for vesting in Trustees all the Real Estates late of Nathaniel Matthew Knapp Esquirp, deceased, which, by his Will, were devised in strict Settlement, to the intent that proper Parts thereof may be sold for discharging the Incumbrances aflefting the fame Real Estates, and that the Residue of the Money, if any, arising by such Sale, may be inverted in the Purchase of other Lands, and that the Lands to be fb purchased, and also such Part of the Lands, to bg veiled in Trustees as aforesaid, as shall npt be fold, may be settled to the Uses contained in the Will of the said Nathaniel Matthew Knapp, concerning his Real Estates devised in strict Settlement. 1737

101. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Henry Maw of Warmsworth, in the County of York, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the dear Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. 1753

A TABLE of the STATUTES

(Public Local & Personal) 41° GEO. III.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

102. An Act for vesting Part of the F.Rates devised by the Will of Thomas Duncombe Esquire? in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses. 1761

103. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the most Honourable James Marquis of Salisbury in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in discharging of a Mortgage thereon, and for confirming the Settlement of the Residue of such Estates, and declaring the lame to be a Satisfaction of his Marriage Articles, and for appointing a new Trustee instead of one deceased. 1773

104. An Act to confirm, and render valid and effectual, a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the several Counties of Rutland, Lincoln, and Leicester, late the Estates of Joseph Adcock Grazier, deceased, and also of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Northampton, late the Estates of Robert Adcock Grazier, deceased. 1793

105. An Act for effectuating Exchanges between the Trustees of the Guildhall Feoffment, in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, and Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury Baronet. 1837

106. An Act for vesting certain settled Estates of William Morton Pitt Esquire, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the whole Money thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. 1849

107. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Henry Thomas Earl of llchester, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling other Estates of the said Earl, in the said County of Somerset, and in the County of Dorset, in lieu thereof. 1865

108. An Act for enabling Edward Constable Esquire, of Burton Constable, in Holderness, in the County of York, Tenant for Life, under the Will of his late Uncle William Constable Esquire, deceased, to charge his Estates in the said County of York, or fonie Part thereof, with the Sums therein mentioned, and also for enabling the Trustees in the said Act, to raise, with the Consent of the said Edward Constable, during his Life, and after his Decease, in such Manner as therein is mentioned, certain Sums of Money for the protesting, improving, and increasing the fame Estates, by the Means therein described. 1877

109. An Act for vesting Two Freehold Messuages in Lombard Street, in the City of London, Part of the Estates devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Charles Lord Viscount Irwin deceased, in Trustees, for Sale, and for in veiling the Money to arise from such Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other real Estates in England^ to be settled to the Uses of the Lid Will. 1905

110. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of the Reverend George Huddlef-ton Purefoj Jervoise, devised by the Will of Trijlram Huddleston fervoife Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money toarik there--from, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of ether Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. 1913

111. An

(Public Local & Personal) 41° GEO. III.

111. An Act for vesting the Estates of John Fitzgerald F.squire, commOnly called The Knight of Glinn, situate in the County of Limerick, in Truces, for railing, by Sale or Mortgage, Monies sufficient to pay off jneuinbrantes. 1929

112. An Act to enable the Curate of the Chapelry of Saint Hi ids, in the Parish of farrow, in the County of Durham, to grant a Building Lease of a certain Parcel of Ground lying contiguous to the Town of South Shields, in the said County, and belonging to the said Chapelry'. 1945

113. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Common Wade and Heath Lands, commonly known by the Names of the Great and Little Heaths, othenviie Mwynydd, Buchan, and Wain Dyval, lying within the several Parishes of Saint yohti the Baptist in Cardiff, Landaff, Whitchurch, Roath, and Lanijhcn, in the County of Glamorgan. 1953

114. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the Township of Ticklerton, within the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Salop. 1981

115. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication from the Junflion of the River Fofs with the River Ouse, at or near the City of York, to Stillington Mill, in the Parish of Stillington, in the North Riding, of the County of York, and for draining and improving certain Low Lands, lying on each Side of the said River Yolo, so far as the said Act relates to the said Navigation, and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation to complete the same. 2001

116. An Act for draining, dividing, and inclosing a Common, called Crowland Common, or Goggushland, and certain Open Half Years Meadow, Commonable and Waste Grounds, called The WaJhes and Fodder Lots, in, adjoining, or near the Township of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln. 2017

117. An Act for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton; and for repealing Two Acts passed for repairing the said Road. 2041

118. An Act for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton; and for repealing Two Acts passed for repairing the said Road. 2081

119. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Norfolk, strictly entailed by the Will of Horatio late Earl of Orford deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom, in the First Place, in Discharge of the Incumbrances a Hefting the fame, and the Residue thereof in the Purchase of other Estates in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the same Uses. 212 r

120. An Act for the Establishment of Schools for the Education of Poor Children, in the County Palatine of Durham. 2141

121. An Act for vesting the Fee Simple, and Inheritance of and in the real Estates devised by the Will of Mary Pugh Widow, deceased, fituaie in the Counties of Carnarvon and Anglesey, in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon

H Trull,

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Trust, to complete the Sales of such Parts thereof as have been fold uaier the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and by the like Directions to fell other competent Parts thereof, for the Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame Estates, and for laying out the Surplus of the Money (if any) to arise from such Sales in the Manner and for the Purposes therein expressed. 2145

122. An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eighth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bifsop’s Castle, and from Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and from Brockton to the Turnpike Road at Min-flerley, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and 'Montgomery; and also for widening, repairing, altering, and diverting other Roads in the said Counties of Salop and Montgomery. 2169

123. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Turnpike Road

leading from Bolton to Blackburn, at or near to the Lamb Inn, otherwise Fletcher’s Publick House, in the Township of Sharpies, in the Parish of Bolton-in-the-Moors, to the Turnpike Road leading from Pre/lon to Blackburn aforesaid, at or near to Brindlc Lane End, otherwise Fcole Lane End, in the Township of Hoghton, in the Parish of Leyland, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 2181

124. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln. 2209

125. An Act for enabling Matthias Koops Gentleman, to assign the Benefit of an Invention of making Paper from Straw and other Subllances to a greater Number of Persons than is at present limited by the Letters Patent granted to the said Matthias Koops. 22S3

126. An Act for paving, {leaning, cleansing, watering, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Publick Places, within the Parish of Balhwick, in the County of Somerset, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Ob-Itruftions, and for establishing a proper and effective Police therein. 2257

127. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the Grand Surrey Canal, in the Parish of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the County of Surrey, and for supplying the Towns of Croydon, Sir eat ham, and Dulwich, and the District called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal. 2297

128. An Act for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing Deeping, Lang-toft, Baflon, Spalding, Pinchbeck, and Cmvbit Commons, within the Parts of Kesteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and also for draining Crow, land Common, or Goggushland, and certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Bourn and Thurlby, adjoining or lying contiguous to the North

Bank

(Public Local & Personal) 41° GEO. III.

Bank of the River Glen, and certain inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, adjoining to the said Commons, and lying between the Rivers Glen and Welland, and also for rendering more effectual several Aft 3 of Parliament heretofore passed for draining and preferring the several Lands, Grounds, and Commons herein-before mentioned, or certain Parts thereof. 2373

129. An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow on-the-hill, in the County of Middlesex. 2445

130. An Act for paving, cleansing, watering, lighting, and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes, and other public!; Padages and Places, within the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Mary Magdalen, in Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and also for repairing the Rampart Road or causeway from the said Town to the Bridge over the River Oitfe, in or near thereto, and for repairing the said Bridge; and like-wife for felling certain Charity Estates situate in the said Town of Stony Stratford, and in the Parishes of Ca/verton and Woohcrton, in the said County of Buckingham, and applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Manner therein mentioned. 24S5

131. An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other publick Passages and Places which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground in the Parish of Saint Patterns, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Right Honourable Ann Dowager Earoness Southampton. 3505

132. An Act for completing the Common Gaol now building in and for the City of Winchester, and for purchasing certain Buildings within the said City for widening the Avenues thereto. 2537

133. An Act for vesting, for a limited Time, in the Reverend Edmund Cartwright Clerk, Master of Arts, his Executors, Administrators, and Afiigcs, the iole Property in certain Machinery by him invented for Woolcomhing. 2549

134. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Hull and Frodinghatn Beck, from Aike Beck Mouth to the Clough on the East Corner o/Fisholme; and for extending the said Navigation from the said Clough into or near the Town of Great Driffald, in the East Riding of the County of York j and to extend and improve the said Navigation. ' s 557

135. An Act for the better and more effectually draining certain Tracts of Land called Wildmore Fen, and the West and East Fens, in the County of Lincoln, and also the Low Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes, Town-ships, and Places, having Right of Common on the said Fens, and other Low Lands and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining thereto. 2573

136. An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for the more effectually

embanking,

A TABLE of the STATUTES

embanking, draining, preferring, and improving certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the several Parishes or Town ships of Evert on, Scaftworth, Gringley-on-the- Hill, Mijierton, and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham. 2613

137. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Gate on the Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of Wejion on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County. 2633

138. An Act for empowering certain Trustees therein named, to carry into Execution an Agreement made by Arthur Annesley of Bletchington Park, in the County of Oxford, Esquire, and Thomas Bradford of Ashdown Park, in the County of Sussex, Esquire, for the Sale of the settled Estates of the said Arthur Annesley, situate in the County of York, discharged of the Limitations created by his Marriage Settlement, and to lay out a Part of the Monies to arise from the Sale thereof in paying off certain Incumbrances affecting a Part of the Estates to which the said Arthur Annesley of Bletchington, and his Issue Male, are entitled under the Will of Arthur Annesley late of Lincoln's Inn Fields, Esquire, deceased, and other Part thereof in the Purchase of Estates situate in the said County of Oxford, or in the adjoining Counties, to be settled to the same Uses as by the said Settlement are limited concerning the settled Estates of the said Arthur Annesley of Bletchington, in the said County of Oxford; and for other Purposes. 2637

139. An Act for confirming certain Indentures of Lease and Release, dated

the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Days of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, whereby several Manors and Real Estates late of Sir Nicholas Hackett Carew Baronet, deceased, situate in the County of Surrey, were conveyed upon certain Trusts in such Indentures mentioned; for enabling the Trustees named in the said Indentures to convey, settle, and affine the said Manors and Real Estates to certain remaining Uses, conformable to the Iaft Will and Testament of the said Sir Nicholas Hackett Carew; for enabling Richard Carew Esquire, and the successive remaining Takers under the said Will, to grant Leases of the said Real Estates; for veiling certain Parts of the said Real Estates in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold; for authorizing the Sale, Release, or Extinguishment of the several Quit Rents, Heriot Rights, and other Dues, payable by the Freehold, Copyhold, and Customary Tenants of the said Manors respectively; and also the enfranchising, or reducing to finall Fines certain, the several Customary or Copyhold Estates holden of the fame Manors respectively; and for applying the Monies arising by the said Matters respectively in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses. 2677

140. An Act for changing the Scite of Downing College, in the University of Cambridge, and for providing a Fund for the Purchase of such Scite, and creeling proper Buildings thereon. 2701

141. An Act for dividing and allotting a certain Fen, called Wildmore Fen, in the County of Lincoln. 2713

(Public Local & Personal) 41° GEO. III.

142. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Fens, called The East and West Fens, in the County of Lincoln. 2745

143. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Marshes, and Lammas Grounds, Chafe Allotment, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex. 2773

144. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and other Commonable Lands, in the Parochial Chapelries of Lamefiey and Tanfield, or One of them, in the County of Durham. 2817

145. An Act for extinguishing the Rights of Common, and other Rights, in and over certain Lands called Saint Thomas's Leys, otherwise Pembroke Leys, in the several Parishes of Saint Botalph, Saint Andrew the Great, Saint Benedict, and Saint Mary the Left, in the Town of Cambridge. 2853

146. An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also the Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Hanworth, Feltham, and Sunbury, in the County of Middlesex, as authorizes and requires the Commissioners to make a certain Allotment therein mentioned to Edmund Hill as Lord of the said Manor. 2865

A TABLE of the STATUTES

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of King’s Brompton, Upton, and Skitgate, in the County of Somerset.

2. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Tickenham, in the County of Somerset.

3. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands, called Stourton Common, Great Check hill, and Little Check hill, within the Manor and Parish of Kniver otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Stafford.

4. An Act for naturalizing Mark Anthony De Collogny.

5. An Act for naturalizing William Boulnois.

6. An Act for naturalizing Muzio Clementi.

7. An Act for vesting the Timber, and other Trees, on the Estates in the County of Northumberland, devised by the Will of Henry Revely Esquire, in Trullees, for certain Purposes therein mentioned.

8. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of Weedon, in the Parish of Hardwicke, in the County of Buckingham.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Carr Lands, Stinted Pallures, Commonable Places, and Waites, within the Manor and Township of Little Ufeburn, in the West Riding of the County of York.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pallures, Commons, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Whixley, in the Parish of Whixley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pallures, Ings, Carrs, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Staveley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, and Two Parcels of Ground called The Intack, or Cow Pasture, and Shaw Wood, within the several Townships of Framwelgate and Witton-Gilbert, and in the several Manors of Chester and Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosed Intercommon Lands within the several Townships of Framwelgate and Witton-Gilbert aforesaid.

(Private) 41° GEO. III.

13. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole Year and old inclosed Lands, Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of East Harling, in the County of Norfolk.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of West Bromwich, in the County of Stafford.

1$. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Gram.

16. An Act for naturalizing Amelia Weltje.

17. An Act for naturalizing Hans Peter Engjlrim.

18. An Act for naturalizing Henry Walther.

19. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Litt/ebury, in the County of Effete.

20. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Hooff/letter.

21. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Lammas Meadows, Whin Lots, or Doles, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Great Crcjftngham, in the County of Norfolk and certain Open and Inclosed Fields and Half Year or Shack Lands, Meadows, and Pastures, lying in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Little Crcjftngham, in the said County.

22: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, Severals, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Happisburgh and Lcfftngham, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk and Shackage in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Happisburgh.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Worle, in the County of Somerset.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hertingfordbury, in the County of Hertford.

25. An Act to dissolvc the Marriage of George Duckworth with Mary Grundy his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Taylor Gentleman, with Catherine Birchall Taylor his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act for naturalizing John Erhardt Weippert.

28. An Act for vesting a certain Messuage and Premises in King’s Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, (being an Ellate devised by the Will of William Langley

A TABLE of (he STATUTES

deceased, in drift Settlement) in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to Samvel Baker Esquire, and his Heirs, and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be

settled to the same Uses to which the said Messuage and Premises do now Hand limited under and by virtue of the said Will.

19. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Benjamin Keene Esquire, and Mary his Wife, jn new Trustees, in the room of the Right Honourable Charles Lord Calthorpe an Infant, to the Uses, and upon the Trulls, of the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the said Benjamin Keene and Mary his Wife, and for giving a Power to change and appoint new Trustees in future.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Stonesfield, in the County of Oxford.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of South Ferriby, in the County of Lincoln.

32. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of East Hafton, in the County of Lincoln.

33. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Hemmgford Grey and Hemingford Abbotts, in the County of Huntingdon.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Wrejllingworth, in the County of Bedford; and for allotting a Part of Hatley Field in lieu of such Parts of the fame Field as are fitaate in the said Parish of Wrejllingworth.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, improving, and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Belchford, in the County of Lincoln.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands* within the Parish of Sot by, in the County of Lincoln.

37. An Act for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Fields and Downs, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Manningford Bruce, in the County of Wilts.

38. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land called Kentifmoore, within the Manor and Parish of Kentif-beere, in the County of Devon.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Turnwood otherwise Turnworth, in the County of Dorset.

(Private) 41° GEO. III.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Little Stoughton, in the County of Bedford.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ewell, in the County of Surrey.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fjelds, Meadows, PalLures, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Baffoam, in the County of Cambridge.

43. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Drayton, in the County of Oxford.

44. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Lojdship or Liberty of Stanton, in the Parish of Ellaston, in the County of Stafford.

45. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Old Hurf, in the County of Huntingdon.

46. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Thorpe Abbotts, in the County of Norfolk.

47; An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Alburgh, and Hamlet of Wortwell, in the County of Norfolk.

48. An Act for dividing, allotting, irtdofing, and otherwise improving the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Commons, and Waites, within the Parish of Stanground with Parcel, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, and in the Isle of Ely.

49. An Act for naturalizing Saint George KnUdson.

50. An Act for naturalizing Jofipb Emlcy.

51. An Act for naturalizing Peter Hinrich Velckers.

52. An Act for enabling Henry Ncvill Earl of Abergavenny, to grant a new Lease of certain Mines and Hereditaments, in the County of Monmouth.

53. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Blofield and Hemblington, in the County of Norfolk.

54. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Beighlon, Lingwood, and Moulton, in the County of Norfolk;

55. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Boughton, in the County of Norfolk.

56. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Fen Grounds. Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cavenham, in the County of Suffolk.

A TABLE tf the STATUTES

57. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing all the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Dunkeswell, in the County of Devon.

58. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Walk Grounds in the Parishes of Bergh Apton, Thurton, Telverton., Alpington, and liolvefton, in the County of Norfolk.

59. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Mattishall, in the County of Norfolk.

60. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Stradfet, in the County of Norfolk.

61. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Abington, in the County of Cambridge.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Ileaths, Marfiies, Fen Grounds, Dooles, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Carlton Colvile, Oulton, and Kirtley otherwise Kirkley, in the County of Suffolk.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields and Waste Lands in the Parish of Castle Froome, in the County of Hereford, and also a certain Common Meadow, called Long Froomy, situate in the said Parish of Castle Froome, and the several Parishes of Eishop’s Froome, Much Cowarne, and Evejbach, in the said County of Hereford.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Lammas, and other Commonable Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Rrjby and Fornbam All Saints, in the County of Suffolk.

65. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows,-Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Erdington and Wilton, in the Parish of Aston juxta Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

66. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Baffingbourne, in the County of Cambridge.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole Year Inclosures, Open Fields, Commonable Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Holme Hale and West Bradenbam, in the County of Norfolk.

68. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open or Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fens, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Wat ton and Carbrocke, in the County of Norfolk.

69. An Act for inclosing, and reducing to a Stint, the several Commons or Moors, called Kettlewell Commons and Coniflone Moor, and for dividing and inclosing several Hinted Failures, Open Fields, and Waste Grounds, within

(Private) 41° GEO. III.

the several Townships of Kettlewell and Conistone, in Kettlewell-dale, in the West Riding of the County of York.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Pastures. Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Willy, in the County of Northampton.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Lower Heyford otherwise Heyford-at- Bridge, and Calcott, in the Parish of Lower Heyford otherwise Heyford-at- Bridge, in the County of Oxford.

72. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Headington, in the County of Oxford.

73. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet or Township of Little Coxwell, in the Parish of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks.

74. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Tything of Charlton, in the Manor and Parish of Downton, in the County of Wilts.

75. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of /lldcnham, in the County of Hertford.

j6. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Thirlwall, in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of Northumberland.

77. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Moors, Commons, and-Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Cajllecarroek, within, and Parcel of, the Barony of Giljland, in the County of Cumberland.

78. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open Corttmbn Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within and belonging to the several Parishes of Langtoft and Baston, in the County of Lincoln.

79. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within and belonging to the several Parishes of West Deeping and Tallington, in the County of Lincoln.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Lands, Pastures, Leys, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Townships of Weavcrthorp, Helpcrthorp, East Lutton, and West Lutton otherwise Luttons Ambo, all in the Parish of Weavcrlhorp, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tithes thereof, and also of the Tithes of the antient Messuages, Cottages, Frontsteads, and inclosed Lands, within the same Townships respectively.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

81. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving the fereral Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Skcllow, in the Parish of Ovujlan, in the West Riding of the County of York.

82. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open, Intermixed, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Slimbridge, in the County of Gloucester, and for allotting and exchanging certain Lands lying in the adjoining Parishes of Cam and Coaley, in the same County.

83. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of L ford, in the Parish of Hanney, in the County of Berks.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadow's, Failures, and all other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Braunjion, in the County of Rutland.

85. An Act for dividing and inclosing tire Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Covington, in the County of Huntingdon.

86. An Act for dividing, allotting, and mcloling the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of HaJjlock, in the County of Efflx.

87. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Carrs, Common, and Waste Lands, within the Township of North Frodingham, in the Parish of North Frodingham, in the Fad Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the fanre Township.

88. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Cotillon, in the County of Norfolk.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Dcncbworth, in the County of Berks.

90. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the County of Essex.

91. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Waites, and ether Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Chesterford, in the County of Essex.

92. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pallures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Ruston Parva otherwise Little Ruston, in the East Riding of the County of York.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pallures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Langtoft, in the Parish of Langtoft upon the Wolds, in the East Riding of the County of York.

(Private) 41° GEO. III.

94. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton Courtney, and the Hamlet of Sutton Wick, in the same Parish, in the County of Berks.

95. An Act for naturalizing Cornelius Paas.

96. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Baum.

97. An Act for naturalizing Elizabeth Winjka.

98. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, certain Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parishes of Barkway and Reed, and the Hamlets thereto belonging, in the County of Hertford, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes and Hamlets.

99. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields and Common or Car, within the Township of Molfcroft, in the Parish of Saint John of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Patlures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds within the Parishes of Lavcndon and Brayfield, otherwil'e Cold Brayfield, in the County of Buckingham.

101. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the Parishes of Down Ampney, in the County of Gloucester, and Latton and Eifey, in the County of Hits.

102. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jane Campbell with Edward Addison her now Husband, on Account of his incefluous Adultery with the Sifter of the said Jane Campbell, and to enable the said Jane Campbell to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

103. An Act for naturalizing David Court.

104. An Act for naturalizing John William Pfeil.

105. An Act for naturalizing William Harre.

106. An Act for naturalizing Henry Suthmier.

107. An Act for naturalizing John Haring.

108. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Tithing or Hamlet of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester.

109. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ripple, in the County of Worcester.

110. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of Homfea, in the Parish of Hornfca, in the East Riding of the County of

A TABLE of the STATUTES

York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

111. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Kinner/tey, in the County of Hereford.

112. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the united Parishes of Histon Saint Andrew and Histon Saint Etheldred, and of Imping ton, in the County of Cambridge.

113. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, Tn or belonging to the Parish, Manors, or Tithings of Wit ford, otherwise Williford Dauntfey, otherwise Willeford Dauntfey, in the County of Wilts.

114. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon.

115. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Cars, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of Staxton, in the Parish of Wilier by, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, and also of Lands within the Town-ships of Binnington and Willerby? in the Parish of Willerby aforesaid.'

116. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Sheep Walks, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in Little Weeton and Riplingham, within the Township of Little Weeton, in the Parish of Rowley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in Little Weeton, Ripl'ing-ham, and Hunfley, in the same Township, Parish, and Riding.

117. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Heaths, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Bytham, and the Hamlet of Aunby, in the County of Lincoln.

118. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclositlg the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, Waite, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Letcomb Regis, and in the Hamlet of East Challow, in the Parish of Letcomb Regis, in the County of Berks, and a Common Meadow called White Mead, in Letcomb Regis and East Challow aforesaid, and in the Hamlet of West Challow, in the said Parish of Letcomb Regis, and in the Parish of Letcomb Baffett, in the same County.

119. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Campbell of Calcutta, in the Province of Bengal, in the East Indies, Do3or of Physick, with Jeffy Campbell, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

120. An Act for naturalizing Henry Anthony Witte kind and Christopher Henry Werner.

(Private) 41° GEO. III.

121. An Act for enabling Henry Michael Goold Esquire, to charge certain Sums of Money with a Jointure to Eleanor Hawkins Spinster, his intended Wife, notwithstanding their respective Minorities.

122. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Chclfton, otherwise Chelvcfton cum Caldecott, In the County of Northampton.

123. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Waste Grounds and Commons, or Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Frimley, in the Parish of Ash, in the County of Surrey.

124. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Scremby, in the County of Lincoln.

125. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Abington, in the County of Cambridge.

126. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Fetcbam, in the County of Surrey.

127. An Act for allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bottisham, in the County of Cambridge.

128. An Act for allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Trumpington, in the County of Cambridge.

129. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Heath and Waste Ground, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Tollcjhunt Major, otherwise Tollejhunt Beckingham, in the County of Essex.

130. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Hayes with Christian Jones, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

131. An Act for naturalizing John Christian Ubele.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO REGNI

GEORGII III.

Britanniarum Regis,

QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO.

h*

t At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty-second Day of _January, Anno Domini 1801, in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith.

Being the First Session of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. i.

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and altering the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Tadcaster, through Collinghatn, Harewood, Arthington, and Pool, to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[24th March 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed, in the Twenty-sixth Year of the preamble.

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for re- ~.f> c,o. n, repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Tadcaster, and through Collinghatn, Harewood, Arthington, and Pool, to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York: And whereas another , c«. Ill, Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty recited. King George the Third, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said former Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said several Acts, proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and did for that Purpose borrow several Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, and great Part of such Money is still due and owing, and several Parts of the said Road are now very much out of Repair, and unsafe for Passengers to travel along the fame, from the frequent passing of Lime and Coal [Lor. fa* Per."] A 2 Carriages

4-

Former Acts further continued.

Former Tolls repealed, and others granted.

Toils.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

Carriages thereon, and the Mon y cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unkfs the Term and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pfefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall be and are herebyfurther continued for and during the further Term herein-alter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect immediately after the passing hereof, and continue and be in force during the Term hereby granted; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due on the Credit or on Account of the said former Acts, or either of them, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of them and of this Act (for the Use of the said Road) and the Interest due or to grow due thereon.

II. And whereas the Tolls by the said Acts directed to be collected and taken on the said Road, are insufficient for the Purposes therein mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That such Tolls shall, from and after the passing of this Act, entirely cease; and instead thereof there shall from thenceforth be demanded and taken, at the Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected by virtue of the said former Acts or this Act upon the said Road, The Tolls and Duties following; (that is to say).

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Ilearfe, or other such Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, Five Shillings; and by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, Three Shillings and Sixpence; and by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, Two Shillings and Sixpence; and for every Chaise, Chair, or Pleasure Cart drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, One Shilling

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage drawn by Six or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, Four Shillings and Sixpence; and by Five Horses or Beasts of Draught, Four Shillings; and by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, Three Shillings and Three-pence; and by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, Two Shillings and Sixpence; and by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, One Shilling and Sixpence; and by One Horse or Bead of Draught, Nine-pence

And for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen and not drawing, Four-pence Halfpenny

And for every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for a greater or lef’s Number: And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, Ten-pence per Store, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Number.

Which said Tolls and Duties are hereby veded in the said Trustees, and shall and may be collected, recovered, applied, a: d disposed of in such and the same Manner as by the said former Acts are preferred with respect to the Tolls thereby granted.

6 III. And

41° GEORGII III. Cap. i. §

III. And be it further enacted, That Sir John Ingilby Baronet, Tho- A.l.nticnal mat Sling (by, Charles Sling jby, Robert Dyneley, Esquires, "James Richard- liullc

Jon Collins, Thomas Collins, Gentlemen, Robert Harvey, John William Clough,

William Vavafour, Esquires, Thomas Russell Gentleman, Samuel Clapham, and Charles Sampson, Clerks, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed or elected for putting the said former Acts in Execution; and that the said Trustees, by and in pursuance of the said former Acts and of this Act appointed or to be elected, and qualified as the said first-mentioned Act directs, shall be and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for surveying, otdering, amending, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and for putting the said former Acts and this Act in Execution with relation thereto.

IV. And whereas some Time ago the Line of the said Road near Alteration of Harewood aforesaid was diverted and altered, with the Approbation and tte Roici* by the Authority of Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

West Riding of the said County, who viewed the fame; now it is declared, That the Line of the said Road, as flaked out, made, and completed by such Authority as aforesaid, is hereby ratified and confirmed.

V. And it is further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Ex- For paying pences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall of\he A&.' be paid and discharged by the Trustees for putting the said former Acts

and this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, out of the Money which hath arisen by virtue of the fame former Acts, or out of the first Money which shall arise by virtue thereof and of this Act, on Account of the said Road.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Trustee shall have any Voice No Trustee to

in the Election or Appointment of any Officer or Person to hold any *jj®

Office or Place of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, by whatsoever »,y officer. Name he shall be described or called, unless such Trustee shall have been

present at One or more Meeting or Meetings of the Trustees within a c*n»m Three Years preceding the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the for- Time, mer Officer, or in case the Office shall be of new Appointment, then preceding the Meeting at which such new Appointment shall have been determined upon; and the Presence of such Trustee at such Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, shall be ascertained by his Name appearing in the Book or Books kept for the Purpose of entering all Proceedings of the Trustees, as being present on the Day or Days of such Meeting.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Directing the awarded to be paid for any Lands and Hereditaments purchased, taken, (A,;’$0cn'1ctloa or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act for p,d o'’ the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Co-

vert. Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or In- wj, Cn eXceeii-capacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such inS JOO/-Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said [Lee. & Per.] B Court,

6

Where exceeding aoo /. .«nd nor Ids than >o /.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. r.

Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a fuiumary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Fronts* of the said Lands and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authoiizfe to be paid, affecting the fame Lands and Hereditaments, or afledling other Lands and Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands and Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

6

41° GEORGII IK. Cap. i. 7

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money whers tess so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less thsn 101-than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied

to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted tftid continued of ,he by the said recited Acts shall, upon the passing hereof, cease and determine; and that the said Acts (subject as herein-before mentioned) and

[Publick Act.]

this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

<M*4H*4H*4HM*H*»*¥*¥*¥*:t*

Cap. i.

An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield to the Turnpike Road at Hernstone Lane Head, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, all in the County of Derby.

[24th March 1801.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,. 3* c«- », An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield to amt’ the Turnpike Road at Hernstone Lane Head, and also the Road branching from the said Road upon the East Moor through Baflow and Wardlow, to the Joining of the said Roads again near Wardlow Mires, and also the Road leading between the said Read and Branch from Calver Bridge to Baflow Bridge, and also the Road Jrom the Turnpike Road near Newhaven House to [_Loc. &Pei J ' C the

IO

19 Geo. III. recited.

A6>s further continued.

Limitation as to the Erection of Gates repealed.

j-4-ths of a Toll tor Horses and Carriage* laden with heavy Goodjf at any additional Tod Gate betwixt Ajb-gate awdChef-ter field, and exempting Hories and Carriages laden with Coals, Ruling

10 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

the Turnpike Road near Grindleford Bridge in the County of Derby: And whereas an Act was passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act: And whereas the Tr'uftees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have made great Progress in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, the greater Part of which still remains due; but the said Roads cannot effectually be amended, widened, turned, alreied, improved, and kept in Repair, nor the said Sums of Money repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof, which arc found inconvenient or ineffectual, altered and amended: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem led, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to , Exemptions from Stamp Duties) shall be and continue in full force and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in as full and ample a Manner, and as effectdaily, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and rhis Act, and the Term and the Tolls hereby grained, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing upon the Credit or on account of the said former Acts or either of them, or which may become due or be borrowed on the Credit thereof and of this Act, and all Intcrdl due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And whereas, some of the Restrictions in the said first recited Act contained, respecting the erecting of Toll Gates, are found prejudicial to the said Roads; be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said Act as enacts that no Gate or Turnpike shall be erected on the said Road from Ch.Jterfield to Hernstone Lane Head, nearer to the Town of Chesterfield than the Two Mile Stone then intended to be fixed on the Road kauing from Chesterfield to sf/bgate, nor nearer to the Town of Bahio.ll than Bajlow Bridge Eastward and H'ardlow Weltward, nor on the said Road from the Turnpike Road near Newhaven House, to the Turnpike Road near Grindleford Bridge, nearer to the Town of Bakewell than Calver Northward, and Conkjlury Lane Southward, shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case any Toll Gate or Toll Gates shall be erected on any Part of the said Roads between the Town of Chesterfield and the present Toll Gate at Ashgate, not more than Three-fourth Parts of the respective 7 oil now payable for Horses and Carriages travelling on the said Roads through the present Toll Gate at Ashgate, shall be demanded or taken at any loch additional Toll Gate or Toll Gates, for any Horse or other Beast laden with or drawing any Carriage laden with Brick, Stone, Iron Stone, or other Minerals, or with Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of whatsoever Description, or going to be or returning after having been so employed

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 2. 11

nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken at any such additional Toll Gate Hoifes, and or Toll Gates, for any Horse or other Bead or Cattle, it the respective Toll shall have been paid for the same on the same Day at the said T oll £oing tu ind Gate at Ashgate aforesaid, nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken T at any such additional Toll Gate or Toll Gates, for any Horle or other {am= Toil Bead: laden only with or drawing any Carriage laden only with Coals, GatcorGates. or going to be or returning after having been lo employed; nor for any Horle or other Bead tiled for riding or drawing any Coach, Berlin,

Landau, Chariot, ChailVj Chair, Curricle, Calalh, Chail'e Marine, or other such Carriage.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person Trust"'nj0 or Persons shall at any 'lime be desirous of compounding with the said for^oi" atthe Trustees for the Tolls which they are hereby authorized to cause to be addition.!^ demanded and taken between Ashgate and Chesteifield aforesaid, then and in lo1 ates‘ every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby required, to compound with all such Persons as aforesaid for such Sum of Money as shall be equivalent to One Half of the Toll payable in all Cases at Ashgate Toll Gate, either by the Year or otherwise, as the said Ttuftecs, or any Five or more of them,

shall think fit provided such Composition Money shall be actually paid to the said Trustees or their Order, at the Time the lame shall be agreed upon.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no more than One Limiting the Half of the respective Tolls now payable at Ashgate Toll Gate aforesaid, ^kl'nfor* for any Horse or other Bead laden or drawing any Carriage, shall Ironttone be payable between Ashgate and Chesterfield aforesaid, for any Horse or ^"iwclt other Beast laden only with or drawing any Carriage laden only with or Mr. Bur-Irond nc got in the Lands which do now or hereafter may belong to Sitwell ker>®c-Sitwell Esquire, or Thomas Barker Esquire, in the Lord ship of Brampton, or John Woodyeare Esquire, in the Manor of IValtcn, and carried on any Parr of the said Roads betwixt Ashgate Toll Gate and the 1'own of Chesterfield aforesaid, or going to be or returning after having been so employed; nor for any Horle or other Bead laden only with or drawing any Carriage laden only with Irondone, and carried on the lame Part of the said Roads to the relptdive Iron Foundries of Medicurs William Waller and Company, and Messieurs Smith and Company, or either of them, near Chesterfield aforesaid, or going to be or returning afeer having , been so employed; provided the Amount of the said Tolls be paid Quarterly, or at any such dated Periods as shall be fixed upon by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and a true and satisfac-tory Account exhibited to the said Trustees from the Books of the Parties on whose Account such Irondone fly all be carried, of all Horses and Carriages laden therewith and passing on the said Roads, so as to ascertain the same.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Trustees Payment of the Turnpike Road commonly called The Matlock Road, shall pay or xhreeGai. cause to be paid to the Trustees for putting the said recited Acts and this ntas by the Ad in Execution, or their Treasurer for the T me being, the annual Sum of Three Guineas towards the Expence of repairing such Part of the RoaH.tocx-Road comprized in the said recited Acts and this Act as lies between the o«rateeeriajn

12 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

No Person to pay at more than Two Gat* a between the P'aces herein mentioned.

Exemptions from loll:

Mails, etc.

Junction of the said Matlock Road with the said lart mentioned Road and the said Town of Chesterfield, no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any Toll Gate or Toll Gates, tobeeicdled upon Inch lart mentioned Part of- the said Road, for any Horses or Carriages laden with any Kind of Lading (except Brick, S one, and Ironstone); any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary tnercof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if there shall be more than Two Toll Gates erected between the Town of Chesterfield and Ed.stone Lane Head, in the Hamlet of Little Longslone, or between the said Town of Chesterfield and the Town of Bakewe/t, no Person having paid the Toll at Two of the said Toll Gates, shall be liable the same Day to pay Toll at any other Toll Gate erected or to be eretled on these Parts of the said Roads, for passing with the same Catde or Carriages, (save and except as herein-after mentioned), such Person producing Notes or Tickets denoting such Payments, which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby requiitd to give gratis on Demand on Receipt of the said Tolis.

VIII. And whereas the Exemptions from Toll granted by the said recited Acts have been found inconvenient and detrimental to the said Roads; be it therefore enacted, That the same shall be and they are hereby declared to be repealed , and instead thereof, be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Toll shall be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horles or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Puftmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning the refiom , nor for the Horses belonging to any Officers or Soldiers upon their March or on Duty; nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any Sick, Wounded, or Difatled Officers or Soldiers; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to officiate or returning from officiating at any Church or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners; nor of or from any Person or Perform going to or returning from his, her, or their Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or who shall be attending or going to attend or returning from attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die or be buiied in any Township, Hamler, or Place through which any of the said Roads pjl',; nor for or in respect of any Cattle or Carriage laden only with Gravel, Stone, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any Read in any of the Townships, Hamlets, or Places in which the fame do lie; or Dung, Mould, Mail, Soil, or Comport of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, (Lime excepted as herein-alter mentioned), for manuring any Garden or other Lands or Grounds within any of the Townships, Hamlets, or Places, in which any Toll Gate is or shall be ertdled on the said Roads, or in any of the adjoining Townships, Hamlets, or Places'; or Grass, Hay, Saintloin, Fodder, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, to be la.d up in the Houses, Out houses, Barns, Yards, or Premises of the respective Inhabitants or Occupiers of Land within the said respective Townships,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 2. 13

Hamlets, or Places, being the Growth and Produce of Land held and occupied by the respective Inhabitants or Occupiers within such respective Township, Hamlet, or Place, and carried for their own private Use and Consumption only and not for Sale, provided the fame is not carried on the said Roads or any Part thereof beyond the Space of Four Miles; nor for any such Cattle or Carriage going only to be, or returning after having been only so employed as aforesaid respectively; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horses or Cattle drawing any empty Carriage, not used for Pleasure, and being the Property of any of the Inhabitants of such respective Townships, Hamlets, or Places; nor for any Cattle drawing or Carriage going with or going empty for or returning empty after having been laden with any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry, also belonging to any such Inhabitant or Occupier-, nor for any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle or Stock of any Kind, going to or from Water, Pasture, Plough, or other Work in Husbandry; nor for any Cattle or Carriage carrying Corn to any Mill to be ground, or returning empty having delivered such Loading, or going unladen to fetch such Corn ground, or returning laden therewith, such Corn being the Property of any Inhabitant of the Township, Hamlet, or Place, where such Corn shall be ground, or of any adjoining Township, Hamlet, or Place; provided such Corn shall not be carried beyond Half a Mile in such adjoining Township, Hamlet, or Place, and for the Use and Consumption of such Inhabitant only; nor for any Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by PafTes; nor of or from any Person or Persons going to vote at or returning from any Election of a Member of Parliament for the County of Derby or for the Borough of Derby, on the Day before the Day or Days of such Election, or the Day after the same shall be concluded.

IX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt from Toll, Carriages or Cattle employed manuring

in carrying or conveying Lime for any Purpose whatsoever, except such R«u°n> Lime only as shall begotten, burnt, and uled for manuring Land within ufat only in such Township, Hamlet, or Place where such Toll Gate is or may be 4

erected; and also except all such Lime as shall or may be brought through thatfluilbe any Toll Gate that may be hereafter erected nearer the Town of Bakevicll than the present Toll Gates at BaJIow, Cafoer, Wardlow, and Conksbury; xon'&ate'^ which Lime only is hereby declared to be exempt from Toll; and if any that may be Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, ^"r'r ikle-not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for weUthan the every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings. Bajirw, Cat-

very Wardlonju,

X. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the

Trustees it shall at any Time be thought necessary that there should T"

be an earlier Day of Meeting than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk or Clerks of the said Trustees, by an Order in Writing signed by Five or more of the acting Trustees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purposes, of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice by Writing affixed on all the Toll Gates then eretfed by virtue of the said recited Acts and of this Act, in the Road for which such Meeting shall be so called, or by Advertisement in the Derby Newspapers of the Time, Place, and Purpose which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees, such Time being not less than Ten Days, and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the ILoc. fcf Per.2 D Proceedings

14 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

Recital of the Intention of the Trustees of the Tolly Road, to extend the same to near Sheffield \

therefore a Power is given to all Persons to use certain Parts of these Roadc, Toll-free, on certain Conditions.

XI. And whereas the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Twemy-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road front Part of the Roads mentioned and comprized in this Act, near Stoney Middleton, to Tot ley in the said County of Derby, commonly called The Totley Road, have it in Contemplation, and intend to extend their said Ruad from Totley aforesaid, or from some Place near thereto, so as to come into and join the Turnpike Road from Chefierfield aforesaid, to Sheffield in the County of York, at or near to a certain Place called Goose Green-, which Extension it is apprehended will prove highly beneficial to the Tolls and Revenues of the Road9 mentioned and comprized in the said recited Acts and this Act: Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Persons whomsoever with Horses, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, travelling upon and from the said Totley Road to Stoney Middleton, or from Stoney Middleton to the said Totley Road, to pass Toll-free upon such Parts of the Roads mentioned or comprized as aforesaid, as lie between the Junction of the fame with the said Tolley Road, on the Northwardly Side of a certain Toll House called The Red House, and the Bridge in Stoney Middleton aforesaid; and for that Purpose it shall not be lawful for the Trustees of these Roads to continue or ered:

any Toll Gate or Chain between the said Junction and the said Bridge, in Consideration that the said Trustees of the said Totley Road do and shall (on such Extension being effected as aforesaid) pay to the Trustees of these Roads the Sum of Fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to defray the Expence they will incur in removing their present Toll Gate at Red House aforesaid; and also do and shall pay to the Trustees of these Roads the Sum of Two Guineas yearly and every Year during the Continuance of this Act, towards the Repair of that Part of their said Road between the said Junction and the said Bridge.

Proviso that the above Agreement shall not have Exigence, if the Trustees of the Totley Road do not extend their Road, nor until they shall extend the fame

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Trustees of the said Totley Road do not effect the proposed Extension of their said Road as aforesaid, and also until such Time as they shall effect and complete the same, and also until they shall have paid to the Trustees of these Roads the said Sum of Fifty Pounds, and also during such Time only as they shall continue to pay the said Sum of Two Guineas annually to the said last-mentioned 1 rustees, the several Powers and Privileges herein-before mutually given and granted, or intended to be mutually given and granted as aforesaid, shall not on any Account whatever be held to exist or take Effect; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Trusteestofue

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and the Name'ofn ^ucc* for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance their Clerk or of the said recited Acts and this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer. Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, nor by the Act of any such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees or any

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 2. 15

Five or more of them -, but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action.

XIV. Provided always, That every such Clerk or Treasurer, in whose CicrkorTrca. Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended

in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the pence., fir/t Money to arile by virtue of the said recited Aifts and this Act, after such Action or Suit shall be commenced or discontinued, all such Costs,

Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he shall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at fame Meeting, if they shall M«,jngfj think proper to order, and cause to be erected and budr, at any or as order Engines many Toll Gate or Toll Gates, erected or to be erected upon any Part of for%*ighnfg the said Roads, and at such Distance from any Toll Gate as they shall carriaEc.and think requisite and expedient, a Crane, Machine, or Engine, with a ^cw/'for suitable House or other Building thereto, proper for the weighing of Carts, overweight. Waggons, or Carriages, convejing any Goods or Merchandizes whatso-

ever; and ar each such Crane, Machine, or Engine, to order and cause to be erected a Toll Gate across the said Roads; and by Writing signed by them, or any Five or more of them, to order all and every or any such Carriage or Carriages which shall pass loaded through any such Toll Gate, or shall come upon any Part of the said Turnpike Roads within the Distance of Fifty Yards from any such Crane, Machine, or Engine, although the fame Carriage or Carriages shall not have passed through any Toll Gate, to be weighed together with the Loading thereof; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to authorize and empower any Person or Persons to receive and take, over and above the Tolls hereby granted, the following Sums of Money as additional Tolls for every Hundred Weight of One hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hundred, which any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh, at any Weighing Engine erected or to be erected by virtue of the said former Acts or this Act over and above the Weights allowed to each of them respectively by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, commonly called The General Turnpike All-, (that is to say).

For the First and Second Hundred of such Overweight, the Sum of Additional Threepence for each Hundred; for every Hundred of such Overweight above Two Hundred and not exceeding Five Hundred, the Sum of Sixpence; for every Hundred of such Overweight above Five Hundred and not exceeding Ten Hundred, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpences for every Hundred of such Overweight above Ten Hundred and not exceeding Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of Five Shillings; and for every Hundred of such Overweight above Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of Twenty Shillings:

Which said additional Tolls or Duties granted and made payable shall and may be levied and recovered, in any of the Cases aforesaid, upon any

16 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Person liable thereto, or upon his or her Goods or Chattels, who shall after Demand made thereof refuse or neglect to piy the same, in such Manner as any other Toll or Duty payable at the fame Turnpike Gate or Bar is or shall be by Law to be levied and recovered; and the Money arising from such additional Duty shall be applied to the Repair of the Turnpike Road where the same shall be collected.

No Toll but

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll or for^vir*'^ht Duty shall be collected or payable at any Turnpike Gate or Toll Gate pike at any" to be erected at any such Crane, Machine, or Engine, for the Use weighing of any such Crane, Machine, or Engine only, for any Carriage passing n£me‘ through the fame and being weighed, except for Overweight as aforesaid.

Trustees may

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five ffepairi! f°l or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize, delegate, or appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons, for diverting, altering, widening, or repairing the said Roads or any Part thereof, and for erecting Mile and Direction Stones and Pods thereon, and for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and that all Contracts and Agreements in Writing entered into

Eurfuant to an Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, y their Clerk or Clerks, Treasureror Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer, with any Workman or other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of the said former Acts or this Act, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons as shall sign the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators; and thac Actions and Suits shall and may be maintained thereon by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and in his, her, or their Name or Names respectively, and Damages and Cods recovered against the Party or Person, Parties or Persons failing in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively; and such Sum of Money as shall or may be requisite for making or repairing the said Roads, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, and which by such Contracts or Agreements respectively the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in any Action or Suit against any such Party or Person, Parties or Persons, so as aforesaid making Default in fulfilling his, her, or their Contract or Agreement; any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

tinUSurve*ton -^111. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first-reci. t^feiWer'3" ted Act as directs that the Surveyor of the Highways of the several and ne'* Prod’ ^>ar'^lcS> Hamlets, and Places, through which the said Roads thereby villon made for directed to be repaired do lie, shall give in to the said Trustees Lists of the that Purpose. Names of the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively, who are liable to do their Statute Work in and upon the said Highways, shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed; and instead thereof, be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of and for every of the Parishes, Hamlets, and Places wherein the Roads by the said former Acts and this Act directed to be repaired do or shall lie, or in case no Surveyor or Surveyors is or are appointed,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 2. 17

pointed, then the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required, at the First Meeting of the Trustees after the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, or at any other Meeting or Meetings if thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, (Ten Days Notice of the Time and Place of every such Meeting being given to or left at the Dwelling Houses or Places of Abode of the Surveyors, Churchwardens, or Overseers of the Poor, or of any One of them if more than One, of every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place respectively), to deliver in to the said Trustees true and perfect Lifts in Writing under their reflective Hands and upon Oath (which Oath the said Trustees. or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer) of the Names of all the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tythes, and Hereditaments, of and in such Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively, and shall in such Lists and every of them distinguish which of such Inhabitants and Occupiers shall keep or shall be deemed to keep a Team or Teams, a Two Horse Cart or Two Horle Carts, a One Horse Cart or One Horse Carts, or any other Carriages or Horles, and which of them are Labourers only liable to do Statute Work in and upon the said Roads, or to pay Composition Money or contribute; and also which of such Inhabitants and Occupiers have compounded and paid for their Statute Work, or paid their Contribution Money towards the Repairs of the said Highways, and the Sums of Money they have paid or are liable to pay, distinguishing each Sum or Sums so paid or to be paid; and shall also from Time to Time collect and receive all such Composition and Contribution Money, and pay over to the Treasurer or Surveyor of the said Turnpike Roads for the Time being, without Fee or Reward, the Share and Proportion thereof which shall belong to the said Turnpike Roads; and if any Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or any Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers as aforesaid, shall omit, neglect, or refuse to perform his or their Duty in the Premises, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XIX. And whereas it would be highly advantageous to the Publick, if the Road leading from Bajlow to Bakewell was turned, diverted, or altered, from or near a certain Part of the said Road in the Liberty of Bajlow, called Wetlands Lane, lying near Bajlow aforesaid, up, by, or nearly by the North Side of a certain Brook called Rhimas Brook, to the Place where the fame Brook unites wich the Handley Brook, and crofting the said Brook called Rhimas Brook, and proceeding from thence through the Liberty of Birchill, to a Place called Harrison’s Lane, between Edenfor and the Turnpike Road from Bakewell to Hajfop, and proceeding from thence through the Liberties of Bakewell, Holme, and Longstone, to the Turnpike Road, near a Place called The Dry Hills, within the Liberty of Longstone or Holme, or One of them, and uniting the re with the said Turnpike Road from Bakewell to Hajfop aforesaid; be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered, as loon as conveniently miy be after the passing of this Act, to divert and turn the said Road in Manner above mentioned and upon such Divtrfion being made, then the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may cause to be demanded and taken at any Toll Gate already erefled or to be erected as an additional Toll, any Part of the several and respective Tolls by the said recited Acts and this Act allowed to be taken at any of the Toll Gates erected on the Lid Reads, not exceeding One Half Part thereof; and such Toll shall be demanded, levied, recovered, applied and disposed

Trustees may divert the Road j

and upon such Pivei fion, then to take :m additional Toll at

at some Bar to be en-Oted or the new Diversion.

18 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

To restore Water if taken away by any Uivtrifion.

Directing how Money, raised under the A t, shall be applied.

Application of compensation, where exceeding 5 00 A

of, in the same Manner, and to and for the same Uses, Intents and Purposes, as in and by the said recited Acts are mentioned and declared, with respect to any other of the Tolls collected under the lame, any Thing therein or herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding -, and that when such Diversion or any other Diversions of Road shall be made by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, the fame Roads shall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever become and be deemed and taken to be a common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the said Roads for ever after, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair in such Manner as the Roads hereby appointed to be repaired are hereby or by any other Law directed to be made and repaired; and from thenceforth all Parties and Persons whomsoever shall be diverted of all Right and Title to the Lands and Hereditaments over which such Roads shall be diverted or made.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if by the diverting or turning of any Part of the said Roads, any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall bedeprived of a Supply of Water, then and in such Case, and as often as the same shall happen by Reason of such Diversion or Turning, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby required to cause to be restored the said Water to all such Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in such Manner as to make the fame equally useful or convenient to the Occupiers thereof, or as nearly so as Circumstances will admit and allow; and to defray the Expence thereof out of any Monies coming to their Hands by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, or any of them.

XXI. And whereas Doubts may arise as to the Purposes for which the Tolls to be collected and the Monies to be borrowed under and by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, may be applied; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them Irom Time to Time, upon the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, and of the Tolls thereby and hereby made payable, to borrow and take up at Interest any such Sum or Sums of Money as they may judge requifue for carrying into Execution the several Purposes and Powers of the said Acts and this Act; and that all the Tolls collected or levied, and all the Monies to be borrowed as aforesaid, and also all other Monies which shall come to the Hands of the said Trustees by virtue or under the Authority of the said Acts and this Act, shall be applied (subject to the Direction herein-after mentioned as to the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act) from Time to Time in defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences of amending, diverting, turning, altering, improving, and maintaining, the said Roads, and all other Costs, Charges, and Expences, incurred or to be incurred in putting the said Acts and this Act, and the several Purposes and Powers thereof, in Execution, and in repaying the Monies borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, and the Interest due and to grow due thereupon respectively, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; any Thing in the said recited Acts, any or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said first recited Act and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity as in the said first recited Act ps ticularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 2. 19

paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General or the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signifird by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, and Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like.Uses, Trulls,

Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or uled, as aforesaid, flood settledor limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and, in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and, in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be (old for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Mo- Application ney, so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, the purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to doeTnotex'-" any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapa- 100!< city as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and ’s'o;.c 5 'J" shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or ul'ed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Opcion) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arinng thefeon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or bring required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

20 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Application

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Mo'ne is left Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next bef ore mentioned, shall 1 ban is /. be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who wou'ti fur the Time being have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or uled for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or arty Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Forffcnring

XXV. And whereas Offences may be committed against the said former tenders.'01 Acts anc* t*1‘s A&, by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall call to his, her, or their Affillance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Dillridl, and near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed tojproceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or, at the Option of the Person charged with such Offence, to oblige such Person or Persons so offending, to give Security for his, her, or rheir Appearance at the next Petty Session to be holden within and for the County, Riding, or District in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices pre-ftnc at such Petty Session, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a ftimmary Way; and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty S ffion as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the same County, Riding, or Districr, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

Per raying

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid out of any Monies already raised by virtue of the said Acts, or out of the first Monies to arile by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

[Publick Act.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same; and the T erm granted and continued Term of Act. by the faijj recitecj Acts shall, upon the passing hereof, cealeand determine and that the said Acts (but subject nevertheless to this Act as aforesaid) and this Acr, shall from henctforth continue and be in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 3.

An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Aberdeenshire Canal Navigation to complete the same.

[24th March 1801.]

[Preamble.]

[Act 36 Geo. III.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for ranking and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Harbour of Aberdeen, in the Parish of Aberdeen or Saint Nicholas, into the River Don, at or near the South End of the Bridge over the fame, adjacent to the Royal Burgh of Inverury, in the Parish of Kintore, all in the County of Aberdeen, North Britain, divers Persons therein named were incorporated under the Name of the Company of Proprietors of the Aberdeenshire Canal Navigation, and were authorised to make and complete the said Canal in Manner therein directed; and for that Purpose to raise and contribute among themselves a Sum not exceeding Twenty Thousand Pounds; and in case the said Sum should be found inefficient for the Purposes of the said Act, the said Company were authorised to raise, by Mortgage of the Tolls, or by Admission of New Subscribers, a further Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds: And whereas only Seventeen Thousand Eight Hundred Pounds of the said Sum of Twenty Thousand Pounds have been subscribed; and the said Company of Proprietors have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have cut a considerable Part of the said Canal, whereby they have expended the whole of the Money so subscribed, excepting Arrearages and Insolvencies, besides incurring several Debts, and have also endeavoured to procure the further Sums of Money authorised to be raised by the said Act, but without Effect: And whereas it would tend to the more speedy and effectual Completion of the said Canal, if the said Company were empowered to

22 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

Company enabled to raise a further Sum.

Mode of raising the additional Sum.

Proprietors of New Shares to have the fame Powers as Proprietors of original Shares.

Preference to Persons podelTed of Old Shares.

raise an additional Sum by creating new or additional Shares; may if therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kings Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to raise in Manner aftermentioned the Sum of Twenty Thoufind Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be necessary for completing the said Canal Navigation, over and above the Money authorised to be raised by the said recited Act, although the Sums already subscribed by reason of Insolvencies and Arrearages may not have been wholly raised; and that the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be applied in paying the Expence of obtaining this Act, in discharg-rng the Debts due by the said Company, and such other Debts as they may contract in completing the said Canal Navigation, Cuts, and other Works belonging the reunto.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to raise the said Sum of Twenty Thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be necessary for completing the said Navigation, by creating new or additional Shares of Twenty Poundsprr Share; and that the respective Proprietors of any Share or Shares which shall or may be created by virtue of this Act, shall be entitled to receive an annual Dividend of Twenty Shillings per Share, should the Tolls of the Canal produce so much, before the Proprietors of the original Shares be entitled to any Interest or Dividend; but that whenever the Dividends shall amount to Twenty Shillings />^r Share on the New Shares, the Remainder shall be divided among the Proprietors of the Original Shares Until they receive an Annual Interest or Dividend of Fifty Shillings per Share j and after the abovementioned Payments of Twenty Shillings and Fifty Shillings for each Share respectively, the remaining Net Profits arising from the Canal shall be divided Share and Share alike among the Proprietors both of the Old and New Shares.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietors of any Share or Shares which may be created by virtue of this Act, shall be entitled to such and the fame Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, and be subject to such and the fame Conditions, (so far as not hereby altered,) and to the fame Restriction?, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if the fame were Part of the Shares already created and vetted in the several and respective Proprietors of the said Undertaking; and that all and every the Shares to be created by virtue of this Act shall be numbered, ticketed, and entered in a Book, with the Name and Addition of every Proprietor, in the same Manner as in the said recited Act is directed respecting the original Shares.

IV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons possessed of any original Share or Shares to accept or take any Number of the New Shares hereby created, but not exceeding the Amount of their respective Capitals vested already in the said Undertaking, as he, she, or they may think proper, within Six Weeks after Notice thereof shall have been published in the

*8 Aberdeen

23

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

Aberdeen Journal and in Ore of the Edinburgh Newspapers; and in default thereof, at the next General Meeting after the said Period, any Person or Persons possessed of any Old Share or Shares in the said Canal Navigation, shall be entitled to any Number of such New Shares at the bcft Price which can be obtained for them, by Auflion or otherwise, but not under the aforesaid Rate of Twenty Pounds per Share; and in case any such New Shares shall remain undisposed of after such General Meeting, it shall be lawful for the said Company to sell and dispose of the same to any Person or Persons whomsoever, in such Manner and Proportions, and at such Price or Prices as they shall think proper and expedient, the Surplus, if any, after completing the said Canal, to be divided among all the Proprietors in Proportion to their respective Number of Shares.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Call for Money from the Sub- Linitation of scribers or Proprietors of the said New or Additional Shares shall exceed Calls,

Five Pounds per Share; nor shall any such Call be made at lei's than Three Months Distance from the preceding Call, and at lead Twenty-one Days’ Notice shall be given of every Call, by Advertisement in the Aberdeen Journal and in One of the Edinburgh Newspapers: Provided,

That it shall be optional to any Subscriber for New Shares under this Act to pay at once at the First Term of IVbitfunday or Martinmas after the passing of this Act, and not after, the Whole of his or her Subscription, the Company being obliged to allow the Proprietor so paying a full proportional Interest and Return of Principal Sum in case of over Payment, so as to place him or her on a Footing with the other Subscribers.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That not fewer than andofVotes. Three New Shares shall entitle the Proprietor thereof to One Vote at

any General Meeting, and Five Shares to Two Votes, and so in Proportion; and that Eight such Shares shall be a Qualification to be chosen a Member of the Committee of Management; but that no Person shall be entitled at any Meeting of the Proprietors held in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, to more than Twenty Votes in his own Right, and Twenty Votes by Proxy, in virtue of Shares in the new or additional Canal Stock, whatever Number thereof he may happen to hold, but exclusive cf such Number of Votes as he may be entitled to as a Proprietor of Original Shares in Terms of the said recited Act: Provided also, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to hold any Number of Shares in the said Navigation, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; which said recited Act is hereby declared to extend to and be applicable in all its Parts to this Act, excepting such Part or Parts thereof as by this Act are expressly altered, varied, or repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Subscriber, Contributor, or Subscriber« Stock Holder under this Act, shall, in consequence of any Contraft, Obli- not ,ab,e gation, Deed or Debt entered into or contrafted by the said Company, their Committee ot Management, or other Officer or Person acting for them, in scription. their Name or by their Authority, nor upon any Pretext, or for any Cause relative thereto, be personally bound (or, or subjected to Payment of

any other or further Sum than to the Amount of his own particular Sub-feription or Contribution; and in so far only as the same shall happen to

remain

24

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

remain unpaid or unextinguished, any Law or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

Subscriptiom

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Subscriptions for the New not binding Shares to be created by virtue of this Act shall not be binding on the tain Sism" Subscribers, unless the Sum of at least Fifteen Thousand Pounds subscribed. is subscribed or otherwise obtained for the Purposes of completing the said Canal Navigation.

[Public Act.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and ail Judges, Justices, and other Persons are hereby required to take Notice of it as such without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 4.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Boroughbridge in the County of York, to the City of Durham; and for more effectually repairing the said Road.

[24th March 1801.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging and Jjr altering the Terms and Powers of Two APIs of Parliament, made r«itS. end paged in the Eighteenth and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road leading from Boroughbridge in the County of York, through Northallerton in the same County, to Croft Bridge on the River Tees, and from thence through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham, and for reducing the said APIs into One, and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road, several Tolls and Bowers were granted to Trustees, during the Term therein mentioned, for repairing the said Road: And whereas the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts into Execution have, in pursuance of the said Acts, borrowed several considerable Sums of Money at Interest on Security of the several Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due and owing on such Securities,

26

The AS continued.

The former Toll* to ceale,

New Tolls.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

and many Parrs of the said Road are now in a ruinous State and Condition, and the Money so borrowed cannot be paid oif, nor the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Tolls granted by the said recited Act be increalecl; and it is expedient that the said Act should be continued, atnended, and rendered more effectual: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confetti of the Lords Spiritual and, Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the before-recited Act of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punish-rnenrs, Exemptions, Remedies, Directions, Articles, Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and Things, therein contained (except such of them or such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, or as are repugnant to any of the Provisions contained in this Act) shall be and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, and shall be executed, together wi:h this present Act, by the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by and in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Thirty-Tecond Year aforesaid, for and during the Term hereifi-after mentioned, in as full, large, and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all such Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishtnents, Exemptions, Remedies, Directions, Articles, Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and Things, and every Part thereof (except as aforesaid) were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Thirty-first Day of March in the present Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and one, the Tolls, Rates, and Duties granted or made payable by the said recited Act of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall cease and be no longer payable; and inllead thereof it shall be lawful for the Trustees authorized to put the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, or any Seven or more of them, or such Person Or Persons as they or any Seven or more of them shall authorize and appoint, to demaud, receive, and take, at the Toll Gates or Turnpikes continued or eroded, or to be eroded by virtue of this Act, upon the whole Extent of the said Road, the several Tolls and Duties herein-after mentioned, in the Parts, Proportions, and Manner, the same shall be diredfd and authorized by the said Trustees to be received and taken, at each of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes, before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pals through any of such 'Foil Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid respectively; (that is to say),

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calalh, or Hearse, drawn by Six horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Twelve Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Eight Shillings; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Six Shillings; and drawn by Two Horles, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Four Shillings

For every Coach, Chaise, or Chair, drawn by One Horse, Mare, jGelding, or Mule, the Sum of Two Shillings

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Shilling and Four pence:

For

27

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, not laden with Coals or Cinders, and drawn by Six Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Twelve Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses,

Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Fight Shillings; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings; and drawn by 'l'wo Hotfes, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Four Shill.ngs; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of l \vo Shillings

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, laden with Coals or Cinders only, and drawn by Six Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls ot Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence; and drawn by Five or Four Horses,

Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by Three or Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence; and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Als, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence

And for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches from Side to Side, at the lead, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and for the Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing the fame, double the Tolls above mentioned, when laden with and carrying Lead, Copper, Coals, Lime, or Cinders, upon the said Road, at any Time between the Thirty-fird Day of October and the Fird Day of April in each and every Year.

Which said respective Tolls and Duties shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of-all Money due and owing on the Credit or Security of the said former Act; and the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall have such and the fame Powers, Authorities, and Remedies, for apportioning, mortgaging, transferring, leafing, reducing, advancing, and compounding for the Tolls hereby made payable, and the same shall be collected, levied, recovered, paid, and applied in the same Manner and Form, and to and for the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as in and by the said recited Act are directed, authorized, or expressed, with respect to the Tolls thereby granted or made payable, except as is herein otherwise particularly directed or provided.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Five FiveTiuflew or more of the said Trustees to do, execute, and perform all such Acts, Seven.

Matters, and Things, in the Execution of this Act, and of the said recited Act of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as are by the same Act directed or authorized to be done, executed, and performed by any Seven or more of the said Trustees; save and except in the following Instances, that is to say, the Power of letting the Tolls on the said Road, erecting of a Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates thereon or on ihe Sides thereof, and vacating any former Order or Orders made or to be made by the said Trustees in pursuance of the fame z Act;

?8

Ttnfteet mny vary the Tolls under Restrictions.

Clerk and Two Trustees may adjourn Meeting,

Application of Monies arising from settled Estates which exceed aoo /.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

Act; all which last-mentioned excepted Powers shall be executed in Manner and Form as in the same Act is directed and provided.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to lessen the said respective Tolls and Dutfes hereby granted or made payable, and again to raise the fame or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, or otherwise to vary and alter the said Tolls and Duties, and to order and direct the same to be collected, received, and taken, in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions, as they shall think fit: Provided that none of such Tolls and Duties shall at any Time exceed the several Tolls and Duties hereby granted or made payable, nor shall at any Time be reduced below the Tolls and Duties mentioned and expressed in and by the said recited Act of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, without such Consent, as is thereby made requisite in that Behalf.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that a sufficient Number of the said Trustees shall not attend at any Meeting of the said Trustees to ad at such Meeting, then and in every such Case the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, with any Two or more of the said Trustees who shall be present at such Meeting, shall and may adjourn the said Meeting to any other Day within Three Months from such Meeting, to such alternate Place as in the said recited Act of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign is directed; but such Two Trustees shall not do any other Act in the Execution of the Powers hereby granted, except adjourning the said Meeting to such alternate Place as in the said recited Act is set forth and declared.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed pr assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick. or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if the fame amount to Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fuminary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner astheHereditasneins.whichftiallbe so purchased, taken,

or

29

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

or used, as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Pmchafe shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invelted by the said Acountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and I leredi-taments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall' exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid inco the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to hfs Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directed, or otherwise the lame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in the Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Coure of Chancery.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or assessTed to be paid as herein before mentioned shall be lei's than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and Expences of preparing, obtaining, and passing this Act, Hull be paid out

[Loc. & Per. J H of

The like as to Sums lets than too /. and more that! to/.

The like as to Siinn left than so/.

Extent e> of the Act.

30

F'rft Meeting of the Trustees appointed.

Commencement and Continuance vf the Ad.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

of the First Monies which shall arise and be received by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet at the House of Jane Thompson, the Talbot Inn, in Darlington aforesaid, on the Second Monday after the Commencement of this Act, and shall then and there proceed to the Execution thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the Day of receiving the Royal Assent, and shall continue in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act j and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

-Ji-Eirl

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

♦iif

iJU,

Cap. 5.

An Act for amending, widening, and repairing, several Roads in the County of Carmarthen.

[2d April 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repairings altering, and improving, the Road from Golden Grove Park in the Parish of Llandilofawr to the Turnpike Road leading from the New Bridge over the River Towey, to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llan-darog, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Carmarthen: And whereas the Roads leading from the said Road from Golden Grove Park to the said New Bridge, from or near the Fall End of the said New Bridge in the Parish of Llanarthney, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Carmarthen to the Village of IJandarog, at or near the East End of Carmarthen Bridge in the Parish of Llangunor, and from or near a certain Place called Tygwyn near the last mentioned intended Road to the said Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Carmarthen to the said Village of Llandarog, at or near a certain Place called Llogyndwr; and also from the Turnpike Road leading from Llandarog aforesaid to Llandybie at a certain Place called Portbyrhyd, to the Village of Llanarthney, on the West Side of Middleton- loll Park , and also from the Turnpike Road leading from Caftellygarreg to a Ford called Rhydycapple, at or near a Place called Temple Bar in the Parish of Llanvibangel Abarbythych to the Turnpike Road leading from Llandilofawr to Llandybie, at or near a certain Place called Glancennon, in the Parish of Llandilofawr, is greatly out of Repair, and in fomc Parts narrow and incommodious for Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in I good

[Preamble.]

3Z Geo. III.

New Roadi.

34-

Act extended to New Roads.

Compelling Payment of Subscriptions.

Lands to be liable to repair Roads and Bridges as before.

Statnte Work to be continued.

Application of Compensation where

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

good Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; may it therefore please Yout1 Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi; itual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, therein contained, shall extend to the said Road htrein-before described, and which shall be, and be deemed and taken to be. Part of the Roads comprised in the said Act; and shall be amended, widened, and kept in repair by the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said Act, as (ully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have subscribed or shall subscribe Money towards making, amending, or repairing, the said New or Additional Road shall, and are hereby required to pay the respective Sums so subscribed within such Time or Times, and in such Parts and Proportions as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall order and direct; and the same shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and if any such Subscriber shall neglect or refuse to pay such Money within the Time or Times, and in such Manner as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them to sue for and recover the fame in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record. . r

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any parti* cular Part or Parts of the said Roads, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, or Water-Courses, lying in and upon the fame, have been accustomed or ought to be repaired and maintained by any Particular Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by Reason of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or by the said County of Carmarthen, or any Parish or Township therein, or otherwise howsoever, all and every such Parc and Parts of the said Roads, and all such Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, and Water-Courses, shall continue to be maintained and kept in repair by such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, County, Parishes, or Townships respectively, and in such Manner as the fame ought to have been respectively maintained and kept in repair, in case this Act had not been made.

IV. Provided also, That all Persons by Law chargeable towards repairing any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or any Bridges thereon, shall (Fill remain so chargeable, and shall do their respective Statute and other Work, in or upon the said Roads, and the other Highways of the Parishes, Townships, or Districts in which the said Roads lie, in like Manner as before the passing of this Act, (subject nevertheless to the Regulations contained in the said recited Act,) and where any old Road shall be discontinued by virtue of this Act, such Statute and other Work shall be performed upon the new Road made in lieu thereof, as had thentofore been, or of Right ought to have been, performed upon the former Road.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or

used.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act, and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amounc to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity. of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Act, and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the JJilcharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or assessing other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchjd'ed, taken, or used as aforesaid rtood settled, or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum reduced Ba> k Annuities, and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court, to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said consolidated or reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time dicing have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Setilement were made.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing, under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied

35

exceeding

zoo/.

Application where the Compensation does not exceed 20/. nor left than zoo/.

36

Application where the Money is left than 20 /.

Expences of the Act.

[Public Act.]

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded, to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Act, and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid out of any Monies already raised by virtue of the said Act, or to be raised by virtue of this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

kt5 Cap. 6.

An Atfl for continuing the Term and rendering more effetflual Two Atfls, made in the Second and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the

* North End of Ballingdon Bridge in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County; and also for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the Place where the said South Gate formerly flood, to the Place where the North Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds formerly flood.

[2dy^r/7i8oi.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of Ballingdon Bridge in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County, fsveral Tolls or Duties were granted, and Powers given, for repairing the said Road, which were to take place and have Continuance from and after the passing of the said Act for and during the Term of Twenty.one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament , which Act was further con-[Loc. ft? Per.'], K tinued

[Preamble.]

a Gen. HI. recited.

38

A*U further continued for a i Years,

and made subject t > the Debt now due, and to the Payment of Sums hereafter to be borrowed.

Road extend, ed through the Town of Bury St. Ed-tnundj.

Persons liable to repair any Part of the

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

tinned by an Act made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And whereas since the making the said last-mentioned Act divers Sums of Money have been borrowed for the Purpose of keeping the said Road in Repair, and the fame still remain due on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which together with the said Tolls and Duties have been duly applied; but the said Road cannot be effectually amended and kept in g.md Repair, and the present Debt discharged, unless the Term granted by the said Acts is further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged and made more effectual: May it thereforepleafb Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted bynhe King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts, and all the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, P/.ovisions, Pfpahies, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, in the said Acts or either of them contained, (except i'uch Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), together with all and every the Authorities and Powers herein granted, shall be in full Force, and lhATI; continue for and during the 'Residfte and Remainder of the Term npty.i > come and unexpired of the said j^fts, and from and after the Expiration of the said Term, then for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, as well for the Purpose of amending and keeping in Repair the said Road, as for all other the Purposes of the said Acts and of this Act, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; which said respective Terms in and by the said Acts and this Act granted, are hereby declared to be subject and liable, as well to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the said Acts, as to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Acts, and of this Act, together with all Interest for the fame respectively.

II. And whereas the High Road leading from the Place where the South Gate iri Bury Saint Edmunds formerly stood to the Place where the North Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds formerly stood, containing in Length One Mile, Two Furlongs, and Thirty Rods, or thereabouts, is very ruinous, and in many Parts incommodious and unsafe for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws now in being; be it therefore enacted, That, immediately from and after the passing of this Act, the said Road shall be deemed and taken to be Part and Parcel of the Turnpike Road comprized in the said recited Acts, and shall be repaired, widened, and amended, in such Manner as the said Trustees mentioned and appointed by virtue of the said herein-before recited Acts shall order, direct, or appoint; and that all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by the said Acts shall be and are hereby extended to the said Road, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who by Law is and are chargeable towards the repairing and

amending

4.1° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

amending the Road hereby directed to be repaired, shall (till remain chargeable with, and do their respective Stature Works in the Parishes or Places wherein the said Road doth lie, in such Manner as the fame ought to have been done in case this Act had not been made; and thac such Bridges, Drains, and Sewers, lying and being in the said Road, which have been heretofore and ought to be maintained, repaired, and kept by any particular Person or Persons, or Corporation, or by icafon of the Tenure of any Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, liable to such Repairs, or otherwise, shall from Time to Time be repaired, maintained, and kept in Repair, by the Owner or Owners of such particular Lands, and by such Corporation, liable to the said Repairs; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said first recited Act and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disabilityor Incapacity as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled co the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall noc be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidaced, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be pa d by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Pro

39

Road to continue so.

Bridget, and Drains to be repaired as before the passing ofthia Act.

Application ot l ompenfa-tion, where exceeding root-

'4&

Application where the Compen fation does not exceed 200 /., nor lets than »o/.

Application where the Money is less than 20/.

Charges of pacing this Act to be defrayed out of the Money arising by the Acts.

[Publick Act.]

41° GEORGII 111. Cap. 6.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order thac such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of procuring and passing of this Act, shall be paid out of any Monies arisen or to arile by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

jH*H|f

An Act for enlarging, improving, and regulating the Cattle Market, within the City and County of the

WHEREAS a Market for the Pale of Live Cattle hath, for [ divers Years last part, been held in the City of Canterbury and County of the fame City, in a certain Fiece of Ground there, situate without the Gate commonly called Saint George's Gate, belonging to the Mayor and Commonalty of the fame City and County, and the said Mayor and Commonalty have, at their own Expence, maintained the Rails and Pens of the said Marketplace; and certain Tolls were formerly paid to the said Mayor and Commonalty for the Sale of Cattle within the said Market, but for a long Time pall the Payment of such Tolls hath been discontinued: And whereas the said Market Place is much too small for the Number of Cattle usually brought to the said City for Sale; and, by Reason of the Want of sufficient and expeditious Means of Redress, divers illdisposed Persons, frequently out of Wan-tonness and Malice, destroy the said Rails and Pens, to the great Injury of the said Market Place, and to the great Costs and Damage of the said Mayor and Commonalty; and Cattle are frequently exposed to Sale, and negligently and improvidently driven in the publick Streets of the said City; and by Reason of the Premises, not only the Persons fre-

City of Canterbury.

[2d April 1801.]

[Lae. Per.]

L

questing

42

Cor porarion to rirarge and improve the Mai ket P ace.

At what llaurs the Market shall be open.

Table of Tolls to be set up. Corporation to maintain and repair the enlarged and improved Market place.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

querying the said Market, and buying and selling Cattle there, but also the Inhabitants of the said City, and other Persons resorting thereto, are frequently exposed to great Trouble and Danger: And whereas divers as well of the Inhabitants of the said City as of the neighbouring Persons frequenting the said Market, and buying and selling Cattle there, have applied to the said Mayor and Commonalty to enlarge the said Market Place, by adding thereto a Piece of Garden Ground lying contiguous thereto, belonging also to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and late in the Occupation of Hannah Mantle Widow, and to erect new and proper Fences and Pens for Cattle, and otherwise to improve the said Market Place, and have for that Purpose offered to pay certain reasonable Tolls to the said Mayor and Commonalty for the Liberty of exposing Cattle to Sale in such enlarged and improved Market Place, in Consideration of the Loss, Expence, and Charge to be incurred by the said Mayor and Commonalty in the making and maintaining such Addition and Improvements: And whereas the said Mayor and Commonalty are willing to comply with such Request, and to make and maintain such Addition and Improvements, upon receiving a reasonable Recompence for the Loss, Charge, and Expence incurred, and to be hereafter from Time to Time incurred, in and about the Premises: But as the fame cannot properly be carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor and Commonalty to add and lay into the said present Market Place the aforesaid Piece of Garden Ground, and to rail, wall, and fence in such enlarged Market Place, and make proper Gateways and Avenues thereto, and to erect and make therein lit and proper Pens for Cattle, and also one dr more Erections or Buildings for the Receipt of the Tolls hereby granted, and for other Uses and Purposes of the said Market; and to set and fence off a certain Portion of the said enlarged Market Place, and appropriate the fame for the shewing, riding, and exercising of Horses brought thereto for Sale j and also to fence off or allot other Parts or Portions thereof for the exposing to Sale of the different Sorts and Kinds of Cattle, and from Time to Time to vary and alter such Portions and Allotments as to the said Mayor and Commonalty shall seem reasonable and proper; and that such enlarged Market Place shall be and be esteemed, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, the open and publick Market for the Sale of Live Cattle in the said City and the County thereof, and shall be open on every Market Day between Michaelmas and Lady Day inclusive, from the Hour of Nine in the Morning until Sun-let, and on every Market Day during the Remainder of the Year from the Hour of Eight in the Morning until Sunset, for all Manner cf Cattle except Horses, and throughout the Year for the Sale of Horses from the Hour of Ten in the Morning until Sunset; and that the said Mayor and Commonalty shall set up and maintain, in some conspicuous Part thereof, a Table of the Tolls to be taken by virtue of this Act; and that the fame enlarged and improved Market Place, and the Fences, Erections, Pens, Ports, Rails, and all other Parts thereof, shall lor ever thereafter be upheld, maintained, and repaired, in a sufficient and proper Manner,

+3

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7,

by the said Mayor and Commonalty and their Successors, at their own proper Coils and Charges.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Notice of Addition and Improvements hereby authorized to be made shall be coin-pleted, Notice thereof shall be given by the said Mayor and Commonalty in each of the publick Newspapers printed in the said City of Canterbury; and that on the Market Day next following the Publication of such Notice, and for ever thereafter, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor and Commonalty, and their Successors, to have, receive, and take, by themselves, their Servants and Farmer?, for and in respect of Live Cattle brought to the said Market Place for Sale, the following Tolls; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, the Sum of Four-pence: takentob*

For every Coir, or Filley, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Score of Oxen, or Horned Cattle, belonging to or driven and brought for Sale, by One Person, the Sum of Two Shillings, and so in Proportion for every greater or less Number than a Score; and One or more of such Oxen, or Horned Cattle, not exceeding Five, to be paid for as One Quarter of a Score:

For every Calf the Sum of One Penny

For every Score of Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of One Shilling, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number than a Score; and One or more Sheep, or Lambs, not exceeding Five, to be paid for as One Quarter of a Score

And for every Score of Swine or Pigs, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number than a Score; and One or more Pigs, or Swine, not exceeding Five, to be paid for as One Quarter of a Score.

And that it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Mayor and Com- Pcwtrtoiet monalty of the said City and the County thereof, and their Successors, tl,e from Time to Time to let to farm the Whole or any Part of the said Tolls to any Person or Persons willing to take the fame, by publick Auction or private Contract, for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years; and from Time to Time to reduce the said Tolls, or any of and to reduc« them, and to raise the fame again to any Sum or Sums not exceeding tt, em-the respective Sums herein-before mentioned: Provided always, That such Reduction shall not be made during the Continuance of any Letting, without the Consent of the L^ITee or his Assigns, unless a Clause, authorizing such Reduction, shall be contained in the Contract for letting the fame; and every such Lessee shall and may receive and collect the fame

Tolls by himself, or by some Person or Persons to be thereunto authorized by him.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Completion Enumeration of such enlarged and improved Market Place, and Notice thereof given rL°Penait!e« as aforesaid, if any Person or Persons whonrsoever shall drive or put any for the time. Live Cattle whatsoever into the said Market Place without the Consent of some Person appointed to collect and receive the Tolls hereby granted, before the Toll or Tolls hereby payable for and in respect of the fame Cattle shall he duly paid; or shall assault, hinder, or obstrud any Person whomsoever authorized to receive such Tolls, or any Part thereof, or to 3 superintend

44-

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

supermtend and regulate the said enlarged and improved Market Place, in the Receipt or Collection of such Tolls, or of any Part thereof, or in the Execution of his Duty or Office; or shall expose to Sale on a Market Day in any Place, whether open or private, within the said City, and the Liberties thereof, or within One Mile of any One of the Gates or Gateways of the fame City, any Live Cattle whatsoever (except fucking Pigs, which may continue to be sold in the accustomed Places) without having first paid the Toll and Tolls which would be due and payable if the fame had been taken to the said Market Place for Sale; or shall do any Act, Matter, or Thing whatsoever with Intent to avoid the Payment of any Toll or Tolls hereby granted and made payable; or shall ride or exercise, out of the Space and Limits to be appointed for that Purpose by virtue hereof, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding intended for Sale; or shall expose to Sale any Cattle in any Part of the said enlarged and improved Market Place, appropriated for the Sale of a different Sort or Kind of Cattle, although the Toll shall have been paid for such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or other Cattle; or shall at any Time after the passing of this Act, at any Place within the said City and Liberties thereof, on a Market Day, or at any other Time, misbehave himself, herself, or themselves, in the driving, Care, or Management of any Cattle committed to his, her, or their Care, by the improper driving, treating, or using of such Cattle, or leave any such Cattle without a sufficient and proper Person or Persons to take the Charge and Care thereof; or shall pelt with Stones or Brickbats, or by any other Means drive or hunt away, or set any Dog or Dogs at any Cattle not committed to the Care of him, her, or them, without the Consent of the Owner, or Person having the Care thereof; or shall shew and exhibit within the Sight and View of any publick Street, Row of Houses, or Highway, within the said City or Liberties thereof, any Stallion kept for the Purpose of covering Mares for Hire and Reward; or if any Person authorized to collect or receive the Tolls payable by virtue hereof, or any of them, shall ask, demand, or receive, for any Cattle brought to such Market Place for Sale, a greater Sum of Money than the Amount of the Toll or Tolls due and payable for and in respect of such Cattle, each and every Person and Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, being convicted thereof as herein-after is mentioned, forfeit and pay a Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds nor less than the Sum of Ten Shillings; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall take away, remove, break, damage, or destroy any Gate, Rail, Poll, Board, Lamp, Fence, Wall, or Building, or any Window Glass or other Part of or belonging to any Building, to be made or erected by virtue hereof, or which shall belong to or be a Part of such enlarged and improved Market Place; or shall deface or obliterate, break, damage, dellroy, remove, or take away any Table of Tolls, or other Inscription to be set up in the said Market Place, or elsewhere within the said City and Liberties, by the said Mayor and Commonalty, concerning or relating to the said Market Place, or any other Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned, or to be done or committed in pursuance hereof, or of any Rule, Order or Bye Law, to be made as hereafter is mentioned, each and every Person and Persons so offending as lait aforesaid shall, for every such Offence, being convicted thereof as herein after is mentioned, forfeit and pay a Sum of Money, not-less than Five Shillings, nor more than double the Charge or probable Amount of the Charge of repairing or replacing the . Matter,

45

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

Matter, or Thing or Things so taken away, removed, broken, damaged, destroyed, defaced, or obliterated as aforesaid; such Charge, or the probable Amount thereof, to be proved by the' Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Justice or Justices before whom such Offence shall be heard and determined, at the Time of the Hearing or Determination thereof; and further, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee any such Offence committed, to arrest such Offender or Offenders by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant to convey him, her, or them before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, hereby authorized to enquire into and punish such Offence, or deliver him into the Custody of a Peace Officer, to be taken before such Justice or Justices.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor and Commonalty of the Paid City of Canterbury and County of the fame City, and their Successors in Burghmote assembled, from Time to Time to appoint One or more fit and proper Person or Persons to collect and receive the Tolls hereby granted; and also One proper Person to superintend and regulate the said enlarged and improved Market Place, if the said Mayor and Commonalty shall think fit so to do; and also to make, ordain, and establish such reasonable Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, for the better regulating, maintaining, and managing the said enlarged and improved Market Place, and all Erections, Buildings, Works, Matters, and Things, which shall belong thereto, or be a Part thereof,-and also for the better regulating and governing all Persons who shall resort to the fame, and the Sale, placing, and driving all Manner of Cattle within the said Market Place, and also within the said City and the Liberties thereof, and for the better collecting and enforcing the Payment of the Tolls hereby granted, and the preventing the Sale of Cattle out of the said Market Place on a Market Day, as to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and their Successors for the Time being, shall seem just and reasonable; and also from Time to Time to repeal, amend, or alter, such Orders, Rules, or Bye Laws, as shall be thought meet and requisite; and to affix and appoint reasonable Penalties, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for the Non-observance, Non-performance, or other Breach of such Orders, Rules, or Bye Laws respectively, or any of them; which Penalties shall be recovered, and go and accrue in the same Manner, and to the same Person and Persons as the several Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed are hereby directed to be recovered, go, and accrue; and all and every Clause, Matter, and Thing, herein contained, relating to the Offences mentioned in this Act, and the Hearing and Determination thereof, and to the Apprehension and Punishment of the Person and Persons offending against the Provisions of this Act, and also relating to the Person and Persons acting in the Execution hereof, shall extend, so far as the same are applicable, to every Offence against the Provisions of every such Rule, Order, or Bye Law, and the Hearing and Determination thereof, and to the Apprehension and Punishment of every Person or Persons offending against such Rule, Order, or Bye Law, and also to every Person and Persons acting in the Execution and for the enforcing thereof; which said Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws the said Mayor and Commonalty shall cause to be printed and advertised once at lead in every publick Newspaper printed in the said City [Lee. & Per.'] M ol

Persons who

fee Offence*

committed

may anreft

Offender*

without

Warrant.

Power to make Bye Lawsj

with Psnaltie?.

46

Penalties,

how to he ie-covered.

Freem;ft to be Witnesses.

Penalties,

Onr Halt to Corporation and Half to Informer j

unless Informer is a Wit-nefa then all to Corporation.

Penalties to V»e levied by Distress.

If no Dirt refs, or Penalty not paid, Offenders to be committed.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

of Canterbury, and to be inscribed and fixed up in some conspicuotls Part of the said enlarged and improved Market Place.

V. And be it further enacted, That each and every of the Offences herein-before "mentioned, shall and may, by virtue hereof, be heard and determined, and the Offender and Offenders be convicted thereof, by and before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place within whose Jurisdiction such Offence shall have been committed, upon the Confession of the Party accused, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and that no Objection shall be made or allowed to the Competency of any Person to be a Witness to prove any such Offence, or other Matter or Thing relating thereto, or to the Punishment of such Offender, by reason of such Person being a Freeman of the said City and the County thereof, or other Member of the Corporation of the Mayor and Commonalty of the fame City and the County thereof, or an Officer appointed under the Authority of this Act; and that all and every the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Sums of Money hereby imposed and ordered to be paid by virtue hereof, shall go and accrue One Moiety thereof to the said Mayor and Commonalty and their Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person who shall give Information of such Offence, unless the Person giving such Information shall be examined as a Witness to prove the fame Offence or other Matter or Thing relating thereto; (and which Examination the said Justice and Justices are hereby authorized and empowered to take, if he or they shall see fit); but if the Person giving such Information shall be examined as a Witness to prove the fame Offence, then the Whole of such Penalty, Forfeiture, and Suin of Money shall go and accrue to the said Mayor and Commonalty and their Successors; and in case the Forfeiture, Penalty, or Sum of Money ordered to be paid by and upon any such Conviction shall not be forthwith paid upon such Convitftion, then it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice or Justices by or before whom such Conviction shall be had and made, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause such Penalty, Forfeiture, or Sum of Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus, after such Penalty, Forfeiture, Sum of Money, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall have been paid and dadufted, to the Owner of the fame Goods and Chattels; or in case it shall be made to appear to such Justice or Justices convicting, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized to administer), or by the Confession of such Offender or Offenders, that such Offender or Offenders hath or have not any Goods or Chattels within the said City of Canterbury and the County thereof, or the said County of Kent, whereof such Penalty, Forfeiture, or Sum of Money, and the Charges of levying the fame, can be levied and made; or in case, after such Warrant of Distress hath been issued, no sufficient Distress can be found, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices convicting, and in the Cafe of a Warrant of Distress issued, and no sufficient Distress found, to and for any other Justice or Justices of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction the Offence was committed, if such Penalty, Forfeiture, or Sum of Money shall not have been paid, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or 8 Hands

47

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

Hands and Seals, to commit, and to cause to be arrested and conveyed such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the City, County, or Place, within which the Offence shall have been committed, there to be kept to hard Labour, vdthout Bail or Mainprize, for any Space of Time as such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding One Calendar Month, if such Penalty, Forfeiture, or Sum of Money shall not be sooner paid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be punished for any Offence again!! the Provisions of this Act, or of any Rule, Order, or Bye Law to be made and allowed as aforesaid, unless Information and Complaint of such Offence shall be made to One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, within Fourteen Days next after such Offence shall be committed, if the Offender or Offenders is or are known, or if unknown, then within Fourteen Days after the Name of him, her, or them shall be discovered; and such Information and Complaint shall be proceeded on without wilful Delay on the Part of the Informer or Complainant.

VII. And, for the more effectually enforcing and carrying into Execution the Provisions of this Act, be it further enacted, That on Complaint and Information on Oath before any Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, of any Offence having been committed against this Act, such Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized and required to summon the Person or Persons charged with being an Offender or Offenders against this Act, to appear before such Justice or Justices at a certain Time and Place to be specified, or it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, if he or they shall think fit, without issuing any previous Summons, and instead of issuing the fame (in case the Place of Abode of the Person or Persons charged with being such Offender or Offenders shall be unknown to such Justice or Justices) upon such Complaint and Information as aforesaid, to make and issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Person or Persons by such Information charged to have offended against this Act, and bringing him, her, or them before such Justice or Justices, or any other Justice or Justices having Jurisdiction therein-, and upon the Person or Persons complained against appearing upon such Summons, or being brought by virtue of such Warrant or Warrants before such Justice or Justices, or if any Person or Persons so summoned shall not appear according to such Summons, and Proof upon Gath shall be made before such Justice or Justices, of the due Service of such Summons upon such Person or Persons, by delivering the same to him, her, or them personally, or leaving the fame at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, then such Justice or Justices before whom such Person or Persons shall appear or be brought, or neglect to appear as aforesaid, shall and may make Enquiry touching the Matters complained of, and examine into the fame in the Manner in this Act mentioned, and convict or acquit the Party or Parties against whom Complaint shall have been made as aforesaid.

Limitation of Time for 11 formations.

Justices may summon Offenders, or issue Warrants to art eft without a previous Summons.

48

power to

fustmon W.tntflls i

and upon Default of Appearance, or

Kefufel to be examined, to commit them.

Form of Conviction of Offenders, and of Commitment of W it-iiesses.

If Conviction appealed against, to be transmitted to the next Quarter Sessions.

K a Certiorari.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any such Complaint and Information 'shall be made as aforesaid, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required, at the Request in Writing either of the Party complainant, or of the Party accused, if such Justice or Justices shall think fit, to issue his or their Summons to any Witness or Witnesses to appear and give Evidence before such Justice or Justices at a Time and Place appointed for hearing and determining such Complaint, which Time and Place shall be specified in such Summons; and if any Person or Persons so summoned to appear as a Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, shall not appear before such Justice or Justices at the Time and Place specified in such Summons, or offer some reasonable Excuse for the Default, or, appearing according to such Summons, shall not submit to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, and give his, her, or their Evidence before such Justice or Justices touching the Matter of such Complaint, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorized (Proof on Oath, in the Cafe of any Person not appearing according to such Summons, having been first made before such Justice or Justices of the due Service of such Summons on every such Person, by delivering the same to him or her, or leaving the fame at his or her usual Place of Abode) by Warrant under the Hand or Hands of such Justices, or One of them, to commit such Person or Persons so making Default in appearing, or appearing and refilling to give Evidence, to some Prison within the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Person or Persons shall submit himself, herself, or themselves to be examined, and give his, her, or their Evidence before such Justice or Justices as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, or by whom any Person shall be committed to Prison for not appearing as a Witness, or not submitting to be examined, shall cause all such Convictions, and the Warrants and Orders- for such Commitments, to be drawn up in the Form, or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any such Conviction shall be had, shall, in case such Conviction shall be appealed against in the Manner herein mentioned, cause the fame (drawn up in the Form or to the Effect herein-before directed) to be fairly written on Parchment, and transmitted to the next General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County, City, or Place within which the said Offence was alleged to be committed, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions; and the Justices in such General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized and required, upon receiving such Conviction, to proceed to the Hearing and Determination of the Matter of the said Appeal according to the Directions of this Act; and no Ctrtiorari shall be granted to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this Act.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person convicted of any Offence or Offences punishable by this Act, or by any Bye Law to be made by virtue hereof, shall think himself or her-self aggrieved by the Judgement of such Justice or Justices before whom he or (lie shall have been convicted; such Person shall have Liberty to appeal from every such Conviction to the next Court of General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the County, City, or Place within which the said Offence was alleged to be committed; and that the Execution of every Judgement so appe-led from shall be suspended, in case the Person lo convicted shall, immediately after such Conviction or Notice theteof, enter into Recognizance before such Justice or Justices (which he and they, is and are hereby authorized and required to take) with Two fuflicitnt Sureties, in the Penalty of Twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgement and Determination of the said General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions, or of any future Sessions to which the Determination of such Appeal may be adjourned, and to pay such Costs as the said Court shall award on such Occasion; and the Justices in the said Court are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and nasonable to be paid by either Patty, which Decision shall be final; and if upon hearing of the said Appeal, the Judgement of the Justice or Justices before whom the Appellant shall have been convicted, shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall forthwith pay the Forfeiture or Penalty, or Sum of Money mentioned in such Conviction, and the Costs awarded to be paid by such Appellant; and in Default of Payment thereof, such Appellant shall be immediately committed by the said Court either to the Common Gaol, or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place within which the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty, Forfeiture, or Sum of Money, and such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Court to be paid by such Appellant shall be sooner paid; and the Keeper of such Common Gaol or House of Correction shall receive and keep such Person and Persons in pursuance of such Commitment as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person against whom any Summons or Warrant shall be issued by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, either before or after Conviction as aforesaid, for any Offence against this Act, or against any Bye Law hereafter to be made as aforesaid, shall escape, go into, reticle, or be in any other County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place out of the Juritdiciion of the Person or Persons granting such Summons, Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid, or if the Goods and Chattels of any Offender convicted of any Offence in pursuance of this Act, shall be in a different County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place than where the said Party was convicted, or the Warrant of Distress granted, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place into which such Person shall escape, or in which he shall reside or be, either before or after Conviction, or where his Goods and Chattels shall be after such [Loc. (if Per.2 N Conviction,

49

Appellant to enter into

Recognizance with Sureties to try Appeal and abide Judg' men? of the Quarter Scf-hoiis.

Warrants may be executed on Offenders or the VGoodi

out of tho Jin ilcli .* ion wbricin they were granted.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

Conviction, and they and eveTy of them are hereby required, within their respective Jurisdictions, upon Proof made upon Oath of the Hand Writing of the said Justice or Justices granting such Summons, Warrant or Warrants, to indorse his or their Name or Name* on such Summons, Warrant or Warrants, and the fame, when so indorsed, shall be a sufficient Authority to all Peace Officers to execute such Summons, Warrant or Warrants, in such other County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the Person or Persons granting the said Summons, Warrant or Warrants, and the Offender or Offenders being apprehended by virtue of any such indorsed Warrant, may be forthwith carried to the Person or Persons who granted the said Warrant, to be dealt with according to Law.

Distrefle» not

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be unktfufby1 mat^e for any ‘t'Um or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this re^son of any Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party Irreguljrity; or parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, On Account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed aTrefpasser or Trespasser, ab initio, on Accounc of any Irregularity but Party which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties dillrain-Amend^l" ing; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, may Action on the recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action ori the Cafe.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action shall be brought against any Person whomsoever for any Act, Matter, or Thing done in the Execution of this Act, Or of any Bye Law to be made by virtue hereof, unless commenced within Sire Calendar Months after the Fact committed; and that every such Action shall be laid and tried in the County of Kent, and not elsewhere; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in such General Issue. Action to plead thereto the General Issue, that he, she, of they is or are not guilty, and to give such Special Matter in Evidence to the Jury who shall try the said I [fUe, which Special Matter being pleaded, would have been a good and sufficient Matter in Law to discharge the Defendant or Defendants of the Trespass or other Matter laid to his, her, or their Charge.

Not se of XV, And be it further enacted, That no Writ shall be filed out

liven" '° b' against, nor any Copy of any Process at the Suit of a Subject shall be served on any Person whomsoever, for any Act, Matter, or Thing by him or her done in the Execution of this Act, or of any Bye Law to be made by virtue hereof, until Notice in Writing of such intended Writ or Process shall have been delivered to him or her, or left at the usual Place of his or her Abode, by the Attorney or Agent for the Party who intends to sue, or cause the same to be sued out or served, at lead One Calendar Month before the suing out or serving the fame, in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Cause of Action which such Party hath or claiineth to have against such Person, on the Back of which Notice shall be indorsed the Name of such Attorney or Agent, together with the Place of hi*

-Abode,

Limitation of Actions.

Trial* to be in Ktnt.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

Abode, who shall be entitled to have the Fee of Twenty Shillings for the preparing and serving such Notice, and no more.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Person, at any Time within One Calendar Month after such Notice given as aforesaid, to tender Amends to the Party complaining, or to his or her Agent or Attorney, and in case the fame is not accepted, to plead such Tender in Bar to any Action to be brought against him or her grounded on such Writ or Process, together with the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea, with the Leave of the Court; and if upon Issue joined thereon, the Jury shall find the Amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant; and in case a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant, or in case the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or shall discontinue his or her Action, or in case Judgement shall be given for such Defen ant or Defendants upon Demurrer, such Person shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to Defendants; and if upon I/fue so joined, the Jury shall find that no Amends were tendered, or that the fame were not sufficient, and also against the Defendant or Defendants on such other Plea or Pleas, then they shall give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, which he or she shall recover, together with his or her own Costs of Suit.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no such Plaintiff shall recover any Verdict against such Person in any Case where the Action shall be grounded on any Act of the Defendant done in the Execution of this Act, or of any Bve Law to be made by virtue hereof, unless it is proved upon the Trial that such Notice was given as aforesaid, but in Default thereof, such Person shall recover a Verdict and Costs as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any such Action as aforesaid, or any Cause of Action except such as is contained in the Notice hereby directed to be given.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person shall neglect to tender any Amends, or shall have tendered inefficient Amends before the Action brought, it shall and may be lawful for him or her, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or she shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgements shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Delendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XX. Provided always, Thet where the Plaintiff in any such Action shall obtain a Verdict, in case the Judge, before whom the Cause shall be tried, shall in open Court certify on the Back of the Record, that the Injury for which such Action was brought was wilfully and inali-

ciously

5*

Party m.’y tender A-niends,

and plead fame in Bar.

Treble Costs to Defendant.

If Amer. *t n t fuffuient, P a ntitf to recovt r.

Plaint /T not to recover without Proof of Notice.

No Evidence to be given of Matte, s not expr<fled in the Not'ce.

If Amends not lendered,

or not sufficient, Defendant may pay Money into Court.

If Injury wilful, PhtntUF to have Dju'jL Cost -

52

[Publick Act.]

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

ciously committed, the Plaintiff shall be entitled to have and receive Double Costs of Suit.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be considered and be deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

SCHEDULE

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

SCHEDULE

To which this Act refers.

FORM OF CONVICTION.

c*y of canterbury an-K BE it remembered, That on the c^7.o0!v^(,n7Dayof in the Year of

or, [the Reign of His Majesty King

C0U(toTwtIt)f",’ J A.B. is convicted before me [or us, naming the Justices'] One [or more'] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of Canterbury and County of the fame City [or, for the County of Kent] of having [Jiate the Offence] contrary to the Statute made [or, contrary to a Bye Law, duly made jn pursuance of the Statute made} in the Forty-firtl Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the 'lhird, intituled, An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act J. And I [or we] the said Justice or Justices] do hereby adjudge and determine the said A.B. for the said Offence to forfeit and pay the Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, and do order the same to be forthwith paid into my [or our] Hands, One Moiety thereof for the Use of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Canterbury and C ounty of the fame City, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of C.D. [naming the Informant, or, in case the Informant has been examined as a Witness in Support of the Complaint, then say, the Whole thereof to the Use of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Canterbury and County of the fame City].

FORM of COMMITMENT of a Person summoned as a Witness.

C^nWHEREAS C.D. hath been duly summoned to citj, (to »u), [appearand give Evidence before me [or us, naming CountvV Ktnt \ Jufice or Ju.ft'ces u'ho i{sued the Summons ] One [or (to wit). ’ 3 Two] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of Canterbury and County of the fame City [or, for the County of Kent) on this Day of at

being the Time and Place appointed for hearing and determining the Complaint made on the Oath of [the Informer or Prosecutor) before me [of us] against A.B. of having [fating the 0fence, as laid in the Information] contrary to the Statute made [or, contrary to a Bye Law in pursuance of the Statute made] in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here insert the Title of this Act]: And whereas the said C.D. hath not appeared before me for us] at the Time and Place aforesaid, specified for that Purpose, or offered [Loc. If Per.] Q any

54

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

any reasonable Excuse for his [or her] Default [or. And whereas the said C.D. having appeared before me (or us) at the Time and Place aforesaid, specified for that Purpose, hath not submitted to be examined as a "Witness, and give his (or her) Evidence before me (or us) touching the Matter of the said Complaint, but hath refused so to doj Therefore I [or we_ the said Justice or Justices] do hereby, in pursuance of the said Statute, commit the said C.D. to the [describing the Prison] there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for his [or her] Contempt aforesaid, until he [or (he] shall submit himfetf [or herself] to be examined, and give his [or her] Evidence before me [or us] touching the Matter of the said Complaint, or shall otherwise be discharged by due Course of Law; and you the [Constable or other Peace Officer or Officers to whom the Warrant is directed] are hereby authorized and required to take into your Custody the Body of the said C.D. and him [or her] safely to convey to the said Prison, and him [or her] there to deliver to the Gaoler or Keeper thereof, who is hereby authorized and required to receive into his Custody the Body of the said C.D. and him [or her] safely to detain and keep pursuant to this Commitment.

Given under my [or our] Hand or Hands] this Day of in the Year of our Lord

This Commitment to be directed to the proper Peace Officer, and the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 8.

An Act for making and maintaining a convenient Carriage Road from the Botley Turnpike Road on Curdridge Common, in the Parish of Bifoops Waltham, to join the Gosport Turnpike Road at or near Filmer Hill, in the Parish of Westmeon; with a Branch from the said Road on Corhampton Down, to the Village of Corhampton, all in the County of Southampton.

[2d Aprtl 1801.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS a Bridge has lately been erected across the River ltchen at Northam, in the County of Southampton, among other s for that of opening a nearer Communication between the Town of Southampton and the several Towns of Bishops Waltham, Petersfield, Midhurjt, and various other Parts of the Counties of Southampton and Sussex: And whereas, in order to complete such Communication, and also to open a nearer and more convenient Road between the Town of Southampton and the City of London, it is expedient that a Carriage Road should be made and kept in Repair, from the Botley Turnpike Road on Curdridge Common, in the Parish of Bishops Waltham, in the County of Southampton, through the several Parishes of Bishops Waltham, Corhampton, Exton, Warnjord, Hinton Ampner, and Westmcon, all in the said County of Southampton, to the Gosport Turnpike Road, at or near [‘ior. Per.] 'u P Filmer

5»

Trustees appointed.

Roads de-

icribed.

Power to appoint rew Trustees.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Fdmer Hill, in the Parish of Westmcon aforesaid; with a Branch from the said intended Road on Corbampton Down, to the village of Corbampton; and the making, amending, and keeping in Repair such Roads, will be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants in and near the several Towns of Southampton, Bishops Waltham, Peterspe Id, and Midhurst aforesaid, and will be of general publick Utility: But the fame cannot be eftefted by the Laws in being for the Amendment and Preservation of publick Highways: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That James Amyatt, Hummer Andrews, Henry Atkins Clerk, Samuel Byam Clerk, John Baynes Clerk, Henry Rudd, Matthew Bunbury, James Bradby, L. G. Burette, Peter Barfoot, Martin Byam, Sir William Bennett, the Rector of Bishops Waltham for the Time being, the Rector of Botley for the Time being, George Chandler Clerk, William Chute, John Viewer, Henry John Chandler, William Chamberlayne, John Dampler Clerk, James Dott, Luke Dillon, the Right Honourable James Edward Harris, com* Wanly called Viftiant Fitz Harris, the Honourable Alfred Harris, Sir William lleaihcote Baronet, Nathaniel Holland, Samuel Harrison, Joseph Hay, Daniel Jonas, Johnstone, James Jar ret t, Gavin Kempt,

Hugh Perry Keane, Charles Shaw Lefevre, James Lockhart, John Ingram Lockhart, 'Thomas Lew in, James Lindsey, Alexander Learmonth, David Lance, William Lynne, William Lewis, Nathaniel Middleton, Anthony Mun-ton, Thomas Andrews Minchin, Martin Maddifon, Richard Muidman, William Woodrow Maidman, Thomas Osborne, Edmund Poulter Cletk, John Poore, George Rose, George Henry Rose, Mark Robinson, Charles Robinson, Hans Sloane, William Stackpoole, Henry Hawfon, Simpson, John Simpson, David Sinclair, James Serle, Alexander Scott, < Thomas Clerk,

Walter Taylor, Samuel Silver Taylor, Richard Tribe, Edward Taylor, Richard Veal, Henry Penruddock Wyndham, Charles Walters Clerk, John Vsdin Walters Clerk, Sir Thomas Williams, B. G. Wright, George Waring, the Honourable Joseph Sydney Torke, and the Right Honourable Charles Yorke, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making, widening, altering, diverting, improving, and keeping in Repair, a Carriage Road leading from the Botley Turnpike Road on CurdriJgt Common aforesaid, through the Town of Bishops Waltham, and the several Parishes aforesaid, to join the Gofpcrt Turnpike Road at or near-Tilmer Hill aforesaid; and also a Branch from the said intended Road on Cor-hatnpton Down, to the Village of Corbampton aforesaid, in such Ceurfe and Direction as the said Trustees shall think most convenient and useful for the Publick, and also for putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any of the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed, or who shall be elected and appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die, or by Writing under their respective Hands refuse to a cl in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or continuing Trustees, from Time to Time, at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, by Writing under their respective Hands, to elect and appoint some fit Person to be a Trustee in the Room of every Trustee dying or refilling to act as aforesaid, Ten Days previous Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting of the said Trustees for every such Election being given by the Clerk or Trea-i ' ~ surer

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8. 59

stirer of the said Roads herein-after directed to be appointed, by affixing such Notice, in Writing, upon all the Turnpikes then erected acrofi the said Roads, and by inserting the fame in One or more of the Newspapers published or generally circulated in the County of Southampton aforesaid; and every Person who shall be elected and appointed a Trustee in Manner aforesaid, shall and may act with the surviving and continuing Trustees in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been nominated and appointed a Trustee in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Proceedings, Matters, All Aits may and Things relative to the Execution of this Act, may be done and exe-

cuted by any Three or more of the Trustees hereby nominated and ap- unie<, pointed, or who shall hereafter be elected and appointed as aforesaid, d‘‘

except only in the Cases herein particularly directed to be done and c executed by any greater or less Number of them.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Qualifications be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act, nor unless he shall be seised of or entitled to Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for some Estate for Life, or of Inheritance, in Possession, of the dear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent to some Person or Persons seised of or entitled to Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for some Estate for Life, or of Inheritance, of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate of the Amount or Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds above what will be sufficient to pay all his just Debts; and if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act,- every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fatne, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Executlbn of this Act.

V. Provided always, That all Acts and Proceedings of any Person as The Acts of

a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, previous to his being convicted of ^"uftMsprr. the said Offence, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been vious to Con. duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act. be valid 0,411

VI. Provided also, That every Trustee, before he shall act as such Tmftees to be (except in administering the following Oath) shall take an Oath before One sworn-

or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) in the Form following; that is to say,

1 A.B. dofwear, That I am truly and bond fide seised of or entitled to The oath.

* Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for some Estate

for Life, or of Inheritance, in Possession, of the clear yearly Value of

Fifty Pounds above Reprizes; [and in the Cafe of an Heir Apparent,

1 \ A.B. do swear, That I am Heir Apparent to C.D. who, to the bed

‘ of

6o

Meetings of Trustees.

How Meetings shall be adjourned.

Meetings on Emergencies.

Trustees Expencei.

How Orders of the Trustees are to he maJe

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

‘ of my Knowledge and Belief, is truly and bondfide seised of or entitled

to Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for some Estate 1 for Life, or of Inheritance, of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred ‘ 1‘ounds above Reprizes; \_and in the Cafe of Personal Estate, I A.B. do swear. That I am truly and bond fide possessed of a Personal Estate of the Amount or Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds above ‘ what will be sufficient to pay all my just Debts]; and that I will truly

and impartially, according to the belt of my Judgement, execute and

perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as

a Trustee, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the ‘ Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [_bere fist forth

the Title of the

'So help me GOD.'

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the House of Henry Budd, known by the Sign of the Dolphin, in Botley aforesaid, or at some other convenient House in the Neighbourhood, on the Day of the Commencement of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall then proceed to carry this Act into Execution; and the Paid Trustees shall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves to meet at the fame House, or at some other House near some Part of the said Roads, and at such Times as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order and direct (provided that no Adjournment shall be made for a longer Time than Three Calendar Months); and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by virtue of this Act, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, or to adjourn to another Day, or in case the Trustees at any Meeting assembled shall not adjourn themselves, the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Roads shall from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall happen, by Notice in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then erected across the said Roads, and also to be irtferted in One or more of the Newspapers published or generally circulated in the said County of Southampton, at least Ten Days before the next intended Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to have been holden, or at any other Place near any Part of the said Roads, on the Day Three Weeks after the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after any

Adjournment of the said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Roads, upon an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the said Trustees (mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting), shall forthwith give Notice thereof, and of the Time, Place, and Purpose mentioned in such Order, in the Manner last herein-before directed, (such Time not being less than l'en Days after such Notice), and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and the said Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Expences.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or the Majority of them present at any Meeting which shall be held

61

s

r2a» Sate '«u

Hit

iaijc,

it, bin Kl

tuts

Ifici

BW&|i

tlln

"r;:aii

*);«& a a: is sc latt-a&c is$ aie

dKStat

[Tate

led, tDtjfe id

sir?

aaiie

9iA

\d*'

ait cite

r*

#iv

r o*s

II

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

in pursuance of this Act, from Time to Time to make all necessary Orders, Directions, Appointments, Agreements, and Determinations, in the Execution of this Act; and no such Order, Direction, Appointment, Agreement, or Determination shall be made, unless the Number of Trustees by this Act authorized to make the same shall be present, and the Majority of the Trustees present shall concur therein; and no such Order, Direction, Appointment, Agreement, or Determination, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Twelve Trustees or more shall be present, and Nine of them at lead, shall concur therein.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such other Power to

Person or Persons as they shall appoint, shall and may erect or otherwise q"‘ To11

provide such and so many Toll Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, or across ‘ ’

such Parts and in such Places of the said Roads, and also such and so

many Toll Gates or Turnpikes on the Sides of the said Roads, and in, upon, or across any Lane or Byeway that doth or shall lead into or out of the fame, as the said Trustees shall think proper (subject nevertheless to the Restrictions and Directions herein-after mentioned concerning the same); and also shall and may erect, or otherwise provide a Toll-House

to each or any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes, with suitable Build-

ings and other Conveniences thereto, and inclose from the Sides of the said Roads convenient Gardens for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls hetein-after par- and take ticularly mentioned, shall be demanded and taken at each and every of Tulls« the Toll Gates or Turnpikes, which shall be erected in pursuance of

this Act (except as herein-after is expressly directed or provided to the contrary) before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; that is to say:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Curricle, Calalh, The Toil*. Pleasure Carriage, Hearse, or other such Carriage, not being a Stage Coach, Machine, Caravan, or Diligence, drawn by Six Horses or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn bj; Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; ana tjYa'wn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence

For every, Chaise, Chair, or other such Carriage, drawn by One Horse or other Beall of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny

For each and every Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Stage Coach, Machine, Caravan, or Diligence, the Sum of Sixpence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One-penny Halfpenny

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Sixpence per Score, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Three-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for a "greater or less Number:

For every Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, and rolling a Surface of that Breadth so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat Sur-[ Loc. & Per.] face,

62

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

face, ind drawn by Eight Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Six or Seven Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Ten pence; and drawn by Four or Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence; and drawn by Two or Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence

For every Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, and rolling a Surface of that Breadth so flat as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three pence; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Ten-pence; and drawn by Two Horles, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Seven-pence; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, and rolling a flat or level Surface of that Breadth, and drawn by Six Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Four or F'ive Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence

For every Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, and rolling a flat or level Surface of that Breadth, and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eighc-pence; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

F'or every Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, and drawn at any Time, between the Fird Day of April and the Fird Day of November in each Year, by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence; by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence

For every Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, and drawn at any Time, between the Fird Day of April and the Fird Day of November in each Year, by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three pence; by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beads of

Draught,

63

41° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 8.

Draught, the Sum of Ten-pence; and by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

And for every Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, and drawn at any Time, between the Fir(1 Day of November and the Fird Day of April then next following, by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence; by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence; and by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, and drawn at any Time, between the Fird Day of November and the Fird Day of April then next following, by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and hour-pence; and by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence:

Which said respective Sums diall be demanded and taken in the Name of and as Toll, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time authorize and appoint to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after Demand thereof made by any Person or Persons authorized to receive the same, neglect or refuse the Payment thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person orj Persons so authorized to seize and dillrain any Horse or Cattle, Bead or Carriage, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, or any of the Loading, Harness, or Accoutrements thereof respectively, or any of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the same; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Didress, and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days after the Day of making such Distress, the Person or Persons so didraining shall and may, at any Time or Times thereafter, fell the Horse, Cattle, Bead, Carriage, Goods, and Chattels so didrained; and out of the Money which shall arise by such Sale pay such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges incurred by such Didress and Sale, returning the Overplus of the Money which shall arise by such Sale; and what shall remain unfold (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Disputes shall happen concerning any Tolls due, or the Charges occasioned by any such Didress as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Collector so didraining to retain such Didress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, till the Quantity of the Tolls, and the Charges of such Didress, shall be ascertained by l'ome Justice of the Peace for the County of Southampton, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter by Oath of the Parties, or of a Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Toll due, and allels the Charges of such Didress, and of the Collector’s Attendance for that Purpose upon the said Justice, all which Sums so determined and assessed shall be paid to the said Collector, before he shall 8 be

Power to re. cjver Tolls.

For settling Disputes concerning Tolls*

6+

C >Jl*ctors cl reil to*nr>*-teut\V.tAcflei»

Tolls may be varied.

Tolls to be pvt! but Once a Diy.

Number of Tulls limited,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

be obliged to return the said Distress or Overplus, or any Parc thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to lessen, vary, or alter all or any of the Tolls hereby granted or made payable at all or any of the Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, and to cause the same to be collected in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions as they shall think fit, and to raise the fame again, so as they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls by this Act granted or made payable, and so as every Reduction thereof be made with the Consent of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to Three-fifth Parts of the Money then due on Security of the said Tolls; but no such Alteration shall be made, unless Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof shall be affixed in Writing upon all the Turnpikes then erected across the said Road-, and also inferred in one or more of the Newspapers published or generally circulated in the County of Southampton.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to pay Toll more than Once at any One Toll Gate or Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act, for passing and repassing any lime or Times in any One Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, through the fame Toll Gate or Turnpike (except as herein-after is excepted), but that all and every Person and Persons having paid Toll Once as aforesaid, and producing a Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll (which Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of the Toll) shall afterwards pass and rtpafs with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages Toll-free during the same Day, through the fame Toll Gate or Turnpike where such Toll was paid, except such Carriages as shall be laden with Copper, Iron, Lead, Coals, Cinders, Lime, or Stones, which shall not pass through any Toll Gate or Turnpike oftener than Twice in the same Day, without again paying the Toll by this Act imposed.

XVI. Provided always, That no more than Three Tolls shall be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons for passing and repassing the same Day with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, through all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act; and that all and every Person and Persons having paid the said Tolls, and producing a Ticket or Tickets denoting the Payment thereof, (which Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on the Receipt of such Toll), shall pass and repals with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages Toll free during such Day through all other the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected on the said Roads.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse or other Bead, or any Carriage when employed in carrying or conveying Stones, Bricks, Lime, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any of the Highways in the several Parishes through which the said Roads pass, or Hay, Corn in the Straw, or other Produce of Lands lying within the respective Parishes aforesaid, to be laid up, used, or consumed in the Houses, Out-houses, Barns, or Yards of or belonging to the respective Inhabitants of the fame several Parishes, or Lime or other Manure to be used for the Improvement of Grounds lying within any of the fame Parishes, and belonging to any Person or Persons liable to perform Statute Duty upon the said Roads hereby directed to be repaired, provided that none of the aforesaid Exemptions from Toll shall extend to or include any Carriages which shall pass on the said Road above the Distance of One Mile, nor to any Carriages having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, which shall pass upon the said Roads at any Time between the First; Day' of November in any Year, and the First Day of April then next ensuing; nor shall any of the Tolls hereby granted, be demanded or taken for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry; nor for any Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Cattle when going to or returning from Work in cultivating the Lands or Grounds within the same Parishes, or going to or returning from Pallure or Watering Places, provided that such last mentioned Exemption shall only extend to such Cattle as shall not pass upon the fame Road more than the Distance of Half a Mile in going to or returning from Water or Pallure; nor for any Carriage, Horse, or Beall which shall only cross the said Roads, and shall not pass above One hundred Yards thereon; nor from any Person or Persons reficing in the fame Parishes, who shall pass on Sundays or Holidays through any of the said Turnpikes to or from Church, Chapel, or any other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, or at any Time when attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the fame Parishes; nor for any Horses or Carriages which shall be employed in conveying any Mail or Packet made up under the Authority or Direction of His Majesty's Post-malter General, or His Deputies; nor for any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty; nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or carrying any wounded, sick, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for any Horses, Carts, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying Vagrants sent by legal Passes; nor for any Horses or Carriages carrying or conveying any Elector or Electors to or from an Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to servein Parliament for the County of Southampton; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, or of any other of the Exemptions from Toll herein contained not being entitled to the fame, every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, with any Horse, Cattle, Bealt, or Carriage, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, pass through any Land or Ground adjoining or lying near to any Toll Gate or Turnpike which shall be erected by virtue of this

ILoc. £* Per.] ' R Act,

65

Exemptions Irom Toll.

To prevent evading the Tolls.

66

Power so compound for Toils.

Power to lease the Tolls.

Power to remove Toll Gates.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Ad, the fame not being a common Road, or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground shall knowingly permit or fuller any other Person or Persons, with any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, to pass through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be evaded, or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any other Person (except a Collector of the said Tolls), or shall forge or counterfeit any Ticket by this Act directed to be given by a Collector of the said Tolls, or shall forcibly pass through any such Toll Gate or Turnpike as aforesaid, with any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, or shall at any Time or Times take off or cause to be taken off any Horse, Cattle, or Bead from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be evaded, or if any Person or Persons shall leave or cause to be left upon or near to any Part of the said Roads, any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Bead, with an Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, or with such Intent shall unload any Goods from any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, One Moiety whereof shall be for the Use of the Informer or Informers, and the other Moitty thereof shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, in Manner herein-after directed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any One Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Paridies to or through which the said Roads lead, for the passing of their Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, through all or any of such Toll Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, after giving Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereofin Writing, tobe affixed upon all the Turnpikes erected across the said Roads, and to be inserted in One or more of the Newspapers published or generally circulated in the said County oiSouthampton, from Time to Time, to lease and demise the Tolls granted by this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the bed Rent or Price that can reasonably be gotten for the fame, payable at such Times, and in such Manner, and with, under, and subject to such Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, they the said Trustees having a Counterpart of such Lease or Leases, and taking such other sufficient Security for Payment of the Rents, and Performance of the Covenants to be reserved and comprised in such Lease or Leases, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit,

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to cause any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall have been erected in, upon, or 8 across.

6?

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

across’, or on the Sides of the said Roads, to be removed to, and erected in, upon, or across, or on the Side of such other Part or Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall from Time to Time order and direct, subject nevertheless to the Restrictions herein-after contained in that Behalf; but none of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes shall be removed as aforesaid, unlefu Twenty Days previous Notice of the intention to remove the same shall have been affixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then rrested across the said Roads, and inferred in One or more of the Newspapers published or generally circulated in the County of Southampton.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall empower the said Trustees, or any of them, in particular or any other Person or Persons, to erect any Turnpike or Toll Gate at Situations, any Place or Places between the Termination of the Gosport Turnpike Road, at the Cart House and Stables belonging to Thomas Fox, situate at the South-west End of the said Town of Bishops Waltham, and a Bridge lately erected over the Rivulet, called North Brook, in the Parish of Bishops Waltham aforesaid, nor upon any Part of the said Branch Road from Corhampton Down, to the Village of Corhamptan aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Right, Interest, and Toll ttoufes. Property of and in all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes, and Toll Houses fheCUrk and which shall be erected and provided in pursuance of this Act, with the Treasurer. several Conveniences and Appurtenances thereunto belonging respectively,

and the Materials of which the same shall consist, and all Materials,

Matters, and Things which shall be purchased or provided for the Purposes of this Act, shall be vested in the Clerk or Clerks and Treasurer or Treaforers of the said Roads for the Time being, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to fell, assign. transfer, apply, and dispose of the same as Occasion shall require, and as the said Trustees from Time to Time shall order, direct, and appoint; and under the like Order, Direction, and Appointment of the said Trustees, to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or to prefer and prosecute any Indictment or Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall dig up, break, or pull down, Real, take, or carry away, spoil, destroy, injure, endamage any of the said Toll Gates, Turnpikes, or Toll Houses, or any of the Conveniences and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or any of the Materials, Matters, or Things aforesaid, or any new Fences which shall be made and repaired by the said Trustees, or who shall do any Act to hinder or obstruct any Person or Persons employed by the said Trustees in the Execuiionof this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the several Persons who, Forrecover-by any Writing under their respective Hands, have become Subscribers,

or shall become Subscribers, towards the Expences of obtaining atfll passing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, or any of them, shall. after Twenty Days previous Notice in Writing under the Hand of the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Roads for that Purpose, to him, her, or them given, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode, refuse or neglect to make Payment of the respective Sums by

curity of the Tolls.

68 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

him, her, or them so subscribed or agreed to be subscribed, or such Part or Parts thereof as may be required in such Notice, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action of Debt or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Suit, against any Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and on Proof of such Person or Persons having so subscribed or agreed to subscribe, and of such Notice being given as aforesaid, the respective Sums so subscribed or agreed to be subscribed, or so much thereof as shall be required to be paid in such Notice, shall be recovered, with full Costs of Suit.

For borrowing

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Money on Se- Trustees, at any of their Meetings, to borrow and take up at Interest, upon the Credit of the Tolls to arise by virtue of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money they shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act; provided that no Money shall be borrowed after the First Meeting of the said Trustees, unless Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof shall be affixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected across the said Roads, and also inserted in One or more of the Newspapers published or generally circulated in the said County of Southampton; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered, by any Writing or Writings under their respective Hands and Seals, from Time to Time, to assign or mortgage the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities to any such Subscriber or Subscribers as aforesaid, or other Person or Persons who shall advance such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Money so advanced or to be advanced, with Interest for the fame respectively, which Writing or Writings may be made in the Form or in Words to the Effect following; that is to say,

‘ dY virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, Jiere

‘ Set forth the Title of the Att~\ We of the

‘ Trustees for putting the said Act into Execution, in Consideration of the Sum of paid by

of to the Treasurer of the said Roads,

do hereby bargain, fell, and assign unto the said

such Proportion of the Tolls to arise upon the said Roads, as the Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum now

due or hereafter to become due on the Security thereof, to hold the

‘ fame unto the said his Executors, Ad-

‘ ministrators, and Assigns, from the Day of the Date hereof, for and

during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

c with Interest for the fame after the Rate of

per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied.

Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

Copie* to be And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books entered. to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Roads,

which

Form of the Security.

69

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

which Book or Books may, at all seasonable Times, be perofed and inspected without Fee or Reward; and it shall be lawful for all and every Person and Persons to whom any Mortgage or Security shall be made as aforesaid, his, her, and their Executors ami Administrators respectively, by Writing or Writings under their respective Hands and Seals, to assign and transfer his, her, and their Right, Title, and Interest in and to such Mortgage or Security, and the Principal Money and Interest secured thereby, to any Person or Persons, which Assignment and Transfer may be made in the Form or in Words to the Effect following; that is to lay,

I A.B. of or I C.D. of Executor or

‘ Administrator of A.B. late of [or otherwise, as

the Cafe may happen to be'], in Consideration of the Sum of

to me paid by E. F. of do hereby assign and transfer

unto the said E. F. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, a 4 certain Mortgage or Security, bearing Date the Day of

in the Year of our Lord under the

‘ Hands and Seals of of the Trustees for putting in

4 Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [tiere set forth the Title of the Act] with all my Right and Title to the Principal Sum of thereby secured, and all Interest now

due and hereafter to grow due thereon. Dated this Day of

in the Year of our Lord .’

Which Transfer shall be produced to the said Clerk or Treasurer within Three Calendar Months next after the Day of the Date thereof, who shall enter the fame in the Book or Books last mentioned, for which Entry the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more shall be paid, and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit bf such Mortgage or Security, and every such Mortgage or Security may be again assigned and transferred in like Manner, and so from Time to Time as often as Occasion shall require; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons, other than the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be last assigned as aforesaid, his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators, to release, discharge, or make void the original Mortgage or Security so transferred as aforesaid, or the Monies due thereon, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Security shall be made as aforesaid, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall, in Proportion to the Sums of Money thereby secured, be Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing their Monies, or of the Dates of their respective Securities.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which shall arise and be produced by Subscriptions as aforesaid, and from the Tolls by this Act granted, together with the Monies which shall be borrowed in pursuance of this Act, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, and not herein otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time [Lee, Per.~\ S being,

Mortgage* may be trail fened.

Form of Transfer.

Tiar sfers to be entered.

No Priority among MorN gages.

Applications of the Money.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

being, and applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposea, ami in the Order and Manner following; that is to say, in the First Place, in Payment of the Coifs, Charges, and Expence'; of preparing and passing this Act; in the Second Place, in paying the Imfreft accruing upon the several Principal Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be due and owing on the several Mortgages and Securities made in pursuance of this Act; in the Third Place, in defraying the Expen*, ces of erecting and providing Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and repairing the fame, and of making, repairing, widening, and altering the said Roads, and pr.rchafing Lands for those Purposeg, and of erecting and maintaining necessary and convenient Bridges upon the fame Roads, and of executing the several other Powers and Purposes of this Act; and laltly, in reducing, paying off, and dtfchftrging the several Principal Sums lait aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, to appoint One or more Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls, Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, of the said Roads, and Inch other Officers as the said Trustees shall think necessary, and such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, from Time to Time to remove, and on the Removal, Death, or Resignation of any of them, to appoint others in their Stead; provided, that no Person, being a menial Servant of any Trustee, shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit or Trust under this Act; and the said Trustees are hereby authorized to allow and pay to the several Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting in the Execution of this Act, such Salaries and Allowances for their Trouble, Labour, and Service, as the How officers said Trustees shall deern reasonable; and all such Officers and Persons ifi..;i account. from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, deliver to them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true, exaS, aid perfeS Accounts in Writing under their Hands, upon Oath (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to admininster) of all Monies which they and every of them respectively shall have received to that Time, by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their or any of their Hand?, to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the it:.Jif'r °n fame; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to give such Account, or to produce or deliver up such Vouchers as aforesaid, or to verify such Account upon Oath, or to pay the Money due upon such Account in Manner aforesaid, or to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to inch Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, all the Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, in every or any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Two or more fustices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Person so making Default shall be or reside, upon Complaint thereof made to them by any Two or more of the said Trustees, to make Inquiry concerning such Refusal, Default, or Neglect, as well by the Confession of the Parties themselves respectively, as by the Testimony of any credible

Witness

1°

Apni/irtfiig

Officers.

Sal *iies to Ofli<.eis.

41° GEOK.GII III. %ipr 8.

Witness or Witnessts upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices, or either of them, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer without fee or Reward); and if any such Officer or Person shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, such Justices shall, upon such <PoiiviTion, commit him to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the same County or Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall have given and made a true and perfefl Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded anti agreed with the said Trustees (which Composition the said Trustees are nereby empowered to make) or until he shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or made Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees; provided that no Person shall be lb committed as last aforesaid, for a longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, Tu.!t.s may or Absence of any Collector of the Tolls, it shall be lawful for any Three

o more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting appoint- lector. in ed in pursuance of this Act, by Writing under their respective Hands and , Jln Clle‘-Seals, to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector of the flpd Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the Stead of such Collector as shall so die, become incapable, or absent himself.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and Treasurer, they are hereby required to take such Security from the Treasurer or Trea- security!* hirers. Receiver and Receivers, Collector and Collectors, and from any other Officers to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, for the faithful Execution of their respective Officers, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after the first Trustees «-Nomination and Appointment of any Officers in pursuance of this Act, votin^for0"1 no Trustee shall be capable of voting or acting in any future Nomination officers, un-or Appointment of any such Officer or Officers upon Death or any other Vacancy, unless such Trustee shall have acted as a Trustee in the Exe- preceding cution of this Act at least Once within a Year preceding the Time that Year-such Vacancy shall happen, the only Evidence whereof shall be his having

signed the Order Book of the said Trustees.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Sur- Surveyors^ veyor of the said Roads, and such other Person or Persons as shall be em- Ieria£ for the ployed by such Surveyor, to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away any Roads. Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, in, upon, out of, and from any Waste Grounds, Commons, common Quarries, Rivers, Brooks, or Sea Banks, in any Parish, Township, or District, within or near where to the said Roads pass, without paying any Thing for the fame, such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons filling up the Pits, and levelling the Ground from whence such Materials shall be taken, or diffidently fencing off such Pits, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and in case such Materials cannot conveniently be had in such Waste Grounds, Commons, Quarries, Rivers, Brooks, or Sea Banks as aforesaid, then to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away any such Materials as aforesaid,

4 >n,

72

Materials not to be taken from ir.closed Gr‘.»un.is, without an Order from the Trustees, or Two or more Justices.

Penalty on taking away Materials got by Surveyors.

For preventing Ohftruc-lions on the Sides of the Roads.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

in, upon, out of, or from and over any other Lands, Grounds, and Quarries, (except as herein-after is mentioned), making such Compensation and Satisfaction for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, Grounds, and Quarries, where, through and from whence the fame iha.ll be digged, gathered, taken, and carried away, or over which any Materials gotten in any Waste Ground, Common, common Quarry, River, Brook, or Sea Bank, shall be conveyed, as the Laid Trustees shall judge reasonable.

XXXII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, or carry away any such Materials as aforesaid, in or from any inclosed or private Lands, Grounds, or Quarries, until after Ten Days previous Notice in Writing, signed by the said Surveyor, or some other Officer of the said Trustees, shall have been given to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at their usual Place of Residence respectively, requiring them to appear before the said Trustees, or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Southampton, at a certain Time and Place to be specified in such Notice, to shew Cause why such Materials should not be taken away; and such Trustees or Justices, after hearing the Parties concerned, shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Officer to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner, as to such Trustees or Justices shall seem proper; or if such respective Owners or Occupiers shall not, by themselves or their respective Agents, attend pursuant to such Notice, such Trustees or Justices may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, in like Manner as if such respective Owners or Occupiers had attended pursuant to such Notice.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take or carry away any Materials which shall have been digged or gathered for the Purpose of making or amending the said Roads, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Roads, before the said Surveyor or his Workmen shall have discontinued working the rein, for the Space of Thirty Days, (except the Owners or Occupiers of any private Lands or Grounds, and the Person or Persons authorized by such Owners or Occupiers, and who may get Materials therein for their own Use only, and not for the Use of any other Highway or for Sale), every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That no Dung, Allies, Compost, Manure, or other Things shall be unloaded and laid down upon the said Roads, or upon any Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, nearer to the Side of the said Roads than the Distance of Thirty Feet, upon Pain that every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8. ?3

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said S«r»«y« Surveyor, and such Person or Persons as he shall appoint, from Time to Ann^yauiel Time to remove, and prevent all Nuisances and Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, by Timber, Stone, Carriages, Saw Pits, or other Pits, Ashes, Dung, Filth, Rubbish, or otherwise, and also to turn any Watercourses, Gutters, Conduits, or Drains running into the fame, to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, and cleanse, deepen, and enlarge any Gutter, Ditch, Conduit, or Watercourse adjoining or near to any Part of the said Roads, and also to cut down, fop, or lop any Trees, Branches, or Bullies growing in the said Roads, or in the Hedges,

Fences, Banks, or Grounds adjoining thereto, and to take and carry away the fame, in case the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds where such Annoyances shall happen to be, shall neglect so to do, for Five Days after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose under the Hand of such Surveyor, and the Charges thereof respectively (being settled by the said Trustees) shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor by such respective Owners or Occupiers so neglecting as aforesaid; and in case such Charges shall not be paid on Demand, the same shall be levied and recovered in the Manner the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines by this Act authorized to be imposed, are herein-after directed to be levied and recovered; and if after the Removal of any such Nuisances and Annoyances as aforesaid, any Person shall offend again in like Manner, every Person so offending again, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor, and any other Person and Persons, by Order of the said Trustees, to cut and make Ditches, Drains, and Watercourses in, upon, Di»'iw, be. and on the Sides of the said Roads, and also through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, and to erect, rebuild, and keep in Repair Bridges

and Arches upon the said Roads, and across any such Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse as aforesaid, and to make sufficient Barriers and other Erections on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, in order to prevent the fame from being flooded or overflowed with Water, as the said Surveyor shall judge necessary, and also to make or cause to be made any temporary Road or Roads through, over, and along the Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Roads, except as herein-after is mentioned, to be made use of as a Road whilst the old Road shall be repairing, and until the same shall be made safe and convenient for Travellers, making such Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds so to be used, cut through, or built upon, for the Damages which they or any of them shall sustain thereby, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable.

XXXVII. And whereas there is a certain Byeway or Lane leading Power to (top from the Line of the Roads intended to be made in pursuance of this °P 5 Lanc at Act, at the Bottom of a certain Down called G allow Down, in the clfffwJDow*! said Parish of Bishops Waltham, by Means whereof the Tolls payable by

this Act might be evaded; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, when and as often, and so long as they shall think proper, to Hop up the said Byeway or Lane where the fame would communicate with the said intended Road at the Bottom of Gallozu Down aforesaid, so as to prevent any Communication at that Place between the said Byeway or Lane, and the said intended Road; provided \_Loft G? Per.'] T that

74

power to flop up a Bye way rear Brook~ wood House

rower to widen, turn, r»r alfe* the Roads }

and purchase Lands.

Power to Corporation*, Lf(. to fcii.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

that a free Passage shall be left to and from the Lands adjoining the said Lane for the Die of the Occupiers of such Lands, their Servants and Workmen.

XXXVIII. And whereas there is a certain other Byeway or Lane leading from the said Roads in the Parish of Hinton Ampner aforesaid, to and from Brookuood House in the same Parish, the Property of the Right Honourable James Earl of Malmesbury; and it may become necessary or convenient that such last-mentioned Byeway or Lane should be also stopped up and discontinued; be it therefore enabled, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees (in case they shall think it necessary or convenient so to do) with the previous Consent in Writing of the said Earl of Malmesbury, or the Owner or Owners for the Time being of Brookwood House aforesaid, to flop up such last mentioned Bye Way or I.ane, where the fame communicates with the Roads hereby directed to be repaired, and to difeonti-nue the fame for such Time or Times as the fil'd Trustees shall, by any Order in Writing under their Hands direct and appoint.

XXXIX. And whereas several Parts of the Roads herein-before described are not of sufficient Width, other Parts thereof are circuitous, and might be considerably shortened, and other Parts thereof pass over Hills which might be avoided; for Remedy of which Inconveniences, and for enabling the said Trustees to make and complete the said Roads, by opening a new and convenient Carriage Road through any private or inclosed Lands or Grounds lying in or near the Line of the Roads herein-before described; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Trustees, at any Time or Times to widen the said Roads, and to divert, turn, or alter the Course or Direction of any Part or Parts thereof, and to make a new and convenient Carriage Road through or over any Moor or Waste Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and also through or over any private Lands or Grounds, (except as herein-after is mentioned), first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, for the Damages they may thereby sustain; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Trustees, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any private Lands or Grounds, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners and Persons interested, or any of them, shall or may anyways sustain by making, widening, turning, or altering any Part or Parts of the said Roads; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and other Trustees whatsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands or Grounds, to contract and agree with any Five or more of the said Trustees, for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to fell to them all or any of such Lands or Grounds as Occasion shall require; and all ContraCls and Sales so made shall, without any Conveyance or Assurance in the Law, be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified

for

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and if any of such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or Grounds, upon Notice in Writing under the Hands of any Five or more of the said Trustees for the Time being, to him, her, or them given, or left at the respective Dwelling Houses or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Grounds so to be taken in and added to any Parc of the said Roads, or into which any Part or Parts of such Reads are or is to be turned or altered as aforesaid, shall, by the Space of Ten Days after such Notice so given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Case, any Five or more of the said Trustees shall cause it to be enquired into, and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Southampton, (which Oaths any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers, or other Person or Persons interested, for or on Account of the taking of such Lands or Grounds into the said Roads, or of turning any Part or Parts of such Roads into the fame Lands or Grounds; and in order thereto, any Five or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, touching or concerning the Premises (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer); and they shall also order and cause the said Jury to view the Places in Question, if there be Occasion, and use all other lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as the said Trustees shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damage, Recompence, and Satisfaction, any Five or more of the said Trustees shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners or Occupiers of, or other Persons interested in the said Lands or Grounds, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict or Inquisition, and Order so had and made, stall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming any Estate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, for Life or Lives, or Years, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, Infants, Issue unborn, Femes Covert, Persons beyond the Seas, and under any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever; and for the summoning and returning of such Jury or Juries, any Five or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of Southampton, or in case such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, stall be anyways interested in the Matter in Question, then to fotne one of the Coroners of the same County, not interested therein, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff or Coroner to empannel, summon, and return a Jury of

Twenty-

75

The Rrtom-

pencs to he settled by % Jury in cn taui Cate*.

Their Verdict to be final.

Sheriff# to summon

Juries.

Sheriffs 5?r. to he fineil on etf of Dutj.

How the Purchase Money is to be paid.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

'1'weiuy-four honest and indifferent Men, qualified according to Law to be re urned for Trials of issues in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to appear before any Five or more of the said Trullees, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, and Eight Days Notice at the lead in Writing, under the Hands of Five or more of the said Trullees, is hereby required to be given to the several Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or Grounds, or left at the respective Dwelling-houses or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such BodiesPolitick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the said Lands or Grounds, of the Time and Place of the said Jury befog so empanneled, fumtnoned, and returned; and the said Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, is and are hereby required to empannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly, and out of the Persons so empanneled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured, to attend that Service (being qualified as last aforesaid) to the Number of Twelve; and it shall be lawful for all Persons concerned, by themselves, their Coun-fel and Solicitors, to attend and be heard, and adduce Evidence before the said Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, and Jury, in respect of the fame, and shall also have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array , and any Five or more of the said Trustees aiding in the Premises shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff", his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, or such Coroner, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn refusing to give or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence, provided that any such Fine shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any such Sheriff", his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, and the Sum of Five Pounds upon any other Person for any One Offence.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money, Recompence, and Satisfaction, which shall be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, except in the Cases herein-after otherwise provided, and upon Payment thereof, or in case of Refusal to accept the fame, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Roads, for the Use of such Parties or Persons, and after Ten Days Notice thereof to such Parties or Persons, or their Agents, all Owners and Occupiers of, and Persons interested in such Lands or Grounds, shall from thenceforth be diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property, of, in, to,

4 or

77

GEORGII III. Cup. 8.

or out of the fame, and such. Lands or Grounds shall be Mid into and jwade Part of the said Hoads, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, and shall be by them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, sufficiently drained, ditched, fenced, and fct out for that Purpose, and shall from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and for ever afterwards be a common Highway, and shall be deemed Part of the Roads to be repaired by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired accordingly; and after such new Road shall be completed, the Lands constituting the former Road, or any Part thereof, unless leading over some Moor or Waste Ground, or to fbme Town, Village, or Hamlet, to which such new Road doth not lead, shall be verted in the Clerk or Clerks, and Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Roads for the Time being, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to fell, exchange, or otherwise dispose of the fame, and to convey and allure the Fee and Inheritance thereof to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Trustees shall direct and appoint.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries to be fununoned and (worn, pursuant to the Authority of this Act, shall give in a Verdict or Assessment for more Monies, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Lands or Grounds, or for any such Damages as aforesaid, than what shall have been agreed to and offered for the fame by the said Trustees, before the summoning and returning of such Jury or Juries, then and in such Case the C.ofts and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies which shall arise by virtue of this Act; but if any Jury or Juries so summoned and fwornas aforesaid, shall give in a Verdict or Assesstnent for no more or for less Monies as such Recompence and Satisfaction as aforesaid, than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees for the fame, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury or Juries, then the Colts and Expences offum-nioning and maintaining such Jury and Witnesses shall be paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have had such Controversy or Dispute; which said Colls and Expences, having been settled by some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Southampton, not interested in the Matter in Question, who is and are hereby empowered and required to examine and settle the fame, shall and may be uedufted out of the Money so adjudged or assessed, as lb much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person and Persons, and Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so adjudged or alleffed, or otherwise such Costs and Expences may be recovered by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for the Recovery of the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, by this Act authorized to be imposed.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall empower the said Trustees, or any other Person or Persons, to pull down or damage any Dwelling House or dtln.r Building, or takeaway or damage any Ground used as a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Walk, or Avenue to a House, or Plantation or Nursery of Trees, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners of every such Dwelling House or other Building, Garden, Orchard, Yard, Vralk, Avenue, or Planar Csf Per.] U tation,

How the Fx-pences of the Jury, ftr. are to be paid.

Pwelling-Houiis. Gar-(Irni'flfr. not to be damaged.

73

R?acts discontinued not to be repaired.

Royalties

laved.

Trustees not to a i whcje n*tei efted.

Application ol Compensation where exceeding 2O0 A

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

ration, or Nursery of Trees respectively, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, under their respective Hands for that Purpose lirlt had and obtained, other than and except a certain Messuage or Tenement in the Town of Bishops Waltham aforesaid, belonging to William Newlyn and Mary his Wife, and in the Possession of John Maidman; another Messuage or Tenement in Bishops Waltham aforesaid, the Property and in the Occupation of Richard Cleves; another Messuage or Tenement in Bishops Waltham aforesaid, belonging to John Co/man, and in the Possession of James Pearson; and also an Outhouse and Garden situate in or near the Town of Bishops Waltham aforesaid, the Property and in the Possession of Ezekiel Donniger; another Garden situate in the Town of Bishops Waltham aforesaid, the Property and in the Possession of James Compton; another Garden situate in the Town of BiJljops Waltham aforesaid, the Property of John Bignell, and in the Possession of Mary Jonas; and another Garden and Court Yard in Bishops Waltham aforesaid, belonging to and in the Possession of Cole, Widow; and also a Yard in

Bishops Waltham aforesaid, the Property and in the Possession of Thomas Fox, which it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to take and use for the widening, turning, and altering of the said Roads, without such Consent as aforesaid, but full and adequate Compensation and Satisfaction shall be made by the said Trustees, to the several Owners and Occupiers of, and Persons interested in the fame Messuages, Tenements, Outhouse, Yardsj and Gardens, or such of them as shall be taken and used for the Purposes aforesaid, to be ascertained and paid in the Manner herein-before directed.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the ancient or former Road over any Moor or Waste Grounds shall by virtue of this Act be turned or diverted, the Inhabitants of the Parish, Township, or Hamlet wherein the ancient or former Road which shall thereby be left or discontinued lieth, shall not be obliged to repair such ancient or former Road, unless the fame leads to some Town, Village, or Hamlet, with which the new Road doth not communicate.

XI.IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Lords of Manors or other Proprietors shall have the fame imereti and Property in and to the Soil and Royalties of or within any Grounds made use of for the Purposes of this Act, they would have had or been entitled to in case this Act had not been made, subject nevertheless to all the Powers, Uses, and Purposes of this Act.

XI, V. Provided also, That no Person shall act as a Trustee in any Case relating to the contraftingforor purchasing of any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments wherein he shall be personally interested.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to

be

79

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

be placed to his Account ex parte the Trurters for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a funnnary-Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts,

Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exirting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, c'mVfition purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any duCT n'ot ex?1* Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity ccedioo/ nor as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall lc,s tliau 101' exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Trustees for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being

required

8o

Application where the Money h less than so/.

New Roads t< be fenced by the Trustets.

Lands to be liable to repair Roads and Bridges as before.

Statute work to t>c continued.

41° GEORGII III. Cap:8.

required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or assessed to be paid as herein-before mentioned, iliafl be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the faief Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Trustees shall widen, turn, or alter any Part or Parts of the said Roads, of make any new Road over and through any inclosed Lands or Grounds, the said Trustees shall make or cause to be made proper Fences where necessary, as the Case shall require, so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to the said Road, and also proper Gates, Bridges, and Arches, where necessary, out of the said Roads into the Lands adjoining, and shall keep the Fences so to be made in proper Order and Repair, for the Term of Three Years from the Time such Fences shall have been made.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any particular Part or Parts of the said Roads, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, or Watercourses, lying in and upon the fame Roads, have been accustomed, or ought to be repaired and maintained by any particular Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, by real'on of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or by the said County of Southampton, or any Ward, Parish, or Township therein, or otherwise howsoever, all and every such Part and Parts of the said Roads, and all such Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, and Watercourses, shall continue to be maintained and kept in Repair by such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, County, Wards, Parishes, or Townships respectively, and in such Manner as the fame ought to have been respectively maintained and kept in Repair, in case this Act had not been made.

LI. Provided always, That all Persons by Law chargeable towards repairing any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or any Bridges thereon, shall still remain so chargeable, and shall do their respective Statute and other Work in or upon the said Roads, and the other Highways of the Parishes, Townships, or Districts, in which the said Roads lie, in like Manner as before the passing of this Act; (subject nevertheless to the Regulations herein-after expressed concerning the same); and where any old Road shall be discontinued by virtue of this Act, such Statute and other Work shall be performed upon the new Road made in fieu thereof, as had rhentofore been, or of Right ought to have been, performed upon the former Road.

2.

> . >i k LIL And,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8. 81

LII. And, for ascertaining and determining what Part of the Statute How the Sta-Work ought to be performed on the Paid Roads by the Inhabitants of Jo'be'appor" the several Parishes, Townships, and Distri&s through which the said tioned: Roads pass; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Southampton, and they are hereby required, at any Petty or Special Sessions of the Peace, from Time to Time, upon Application to them made by the said Trustees, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall yearly and every Year be done in or upon the Roads hereby directed to be repaired by the Inhabitants of each or any of the Parishes,

Townships, or Districts in or through which the said Roads pass, which Statute Duty shall be done and performed within the respective Parishes,

Townships, and Districts, in such Manner as the said Trustees or their Surveyor shall direct.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of Ac"f0'° the Highways in all the Parishes, Townships, and Districts through v which the said Roads pass, shall yearly and every Year, within Ten Days after Demand made to them respectively in Writing, by the Surveyor,

Clerk, or Treasurer of the said Roads, j*ive and deliver to the Person making such Demand, a true and exact Lift or Account in Writing under their respective Hands, of the Christian and Surname of every Person in their respective Parishes, Townships, and Districts, who are by Law chargeable towards repairing the said Roads in such Parishes, Townships, and Districts, and shall set forth and specify in such Lift what each Person is respectively chargeable with, for and towards the fame; and such respective Parish or Township Surveyors, within Four Days after Notice to them given by the said Turnpike Surveyor, of the Time or Times when and where, and how many of the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid, he would have to perform their respective Statute or Days Works, shall summon or give Notice thereof in the Mode prescribed by Law, to the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid; and if any such Parish or Township Surveyor or Surveyors shall neglect or refuse to do as he and they is and are hereby required and directed to do, or shall wilfully return incorrect or ing erfedt Lifts, he and they shall respectively forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than hive Pounds for every such ftefufal or Neglect; and if any Person or Persons keeping a Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains, and chargeable towards repairing the said Roads, shall, after such Summons or Notice as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to fend their respective Teams, Draughts, Carts, or Wains, furnished with Labourers, Oxen, or Horses, according to the Custom of the Country, and proper Tools to do and perform such their respective Days Works upon the said Roads, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day that each Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain shall be wanting, or shall not be duly employed in that Service; and if any Person or Persons who shall be sent with any Team, Draught,

Cart, or Wain to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by the said Turnpike Surveyor, he is hereby authorized and required to discharge and dismiss every such Person or Persons so found idle or negligent, and it shall be deemed as if such Tearn, Wain, Draught, or Cart had not been sent to work on the said Roads, and the same Sum Qiall be accordingly forfeited and paid.

\_Loc. fjf Prr.j] X

UV. And

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

LIV. And be it further t-nafted, That it shall he lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to compound and agree by the Year or othertvife, with the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, liable or chargeable with or towards the Repair of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, or Watercourses lying in and upon the fame, or the Performance of Statute Work thereon, for the Payment of a Sum or Sums of Money in lieu of such Repairs and Statute Work respectively; and also for the respective Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, Townships, and Districts through which the said Roads pass, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise, with the said Trustees, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, and Di ft rifts, upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads.

LV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Composition Mo-ConVunuon ntT agreed to be paid for passing through any Turnpikes or Toll Gates, Monies for or in lieu of any such Repairs or Stature Work as aforesaid, at any Part and i’ther1Ute or ^arts of Composition Money respectively, shall not be paid Work. Cr within Fifteen Days after the same shall become payable, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Southntnpton, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, to empower the Person or Persons authorized to receive such Composition Money, (Oath having been first made before such justice or Justices that the fame hath been demanded and remains due, which Oath they are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer), to levy such Composition Money < by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Person or Persons so having compounded and agreed to pay such Composition Money as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any') after deducting such Composition Money and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

How Surrei-

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the

r«erf High- Highways who shall pay any such Composition Money, or of whom «mibu"fert'the the same shall be recovered as aforesaid, shall be repaid or reimbursed Composition the Composition Money paid by or recovered of them respectively, with the Costs and Charges attending such Recovery, by the several Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as by the Laws in being Surveyors of the Highways are ro be repaid or reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the said Highways.

Tiuflees may

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, are hereby empowered to contrail with any Person or Persons for making, altering, raising, widening, repairing, and maintaining the said Rrtads, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, or any Fences, Arches, or Bridges, upon the fame, and for doing any other Work by this Act authorized to be done, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper; and all Contrails in Writing for any of the Purposes aforesaid, which shall be entered into pursuant to an Older made at any Meeting by the said Trustees, shall be binding to all

82

Statute ami other Work may he com* p jumled lou

8;,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Parties who shall sign the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators; and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Cods recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trudecs shall cause the said Roads to be measured, and Milcdones or Pods to be set up, and from Time to Time renewed on the Sides thereof respectively, with Inscriptions thereon, denoting the Number of Miles and Didance of Places, and also proper Direction Pods where any other Roads lead out of or into the said Roads; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, pull down, destroy, or damage any of the Stones or Pods which shall be so fixed or let up, or erase, obliterate, or deface any of the Inscriptions or Letters which shall be engraven or made thereon, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads (excepting only on eroding the fame) any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages, or shall fuller any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, by this Act imposed, or authorized to be imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering of which is not herein otherwise particularly directed), shall, upon Proof of the Offences, and Conviction of the Offenders respectively, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County wherein such Offences shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, and to administer such Oath gratis), and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeiture"!, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and all such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, tif not otherwise directed by this Act), shall be paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or th. r Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for such County, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize,

for

M l Stones and Direction

Pods to be erected.

Penalty on detacini; them.

Penalty on hauling Timber or Stones on the Roads.

How Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, are to be recovcied and applied.

$4 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

Form of Conviction.

LXI. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders again!! this Act, be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or in Words to the Fffcft following, mutatis mutandis, as the Case shall happen to be

toilet I ‘ RE !t remembered, That on [Time of Conviction] at to wit. ’ £ ‘ [Place of Conviction ] A.B. [Name of Offender] of [Ad-

dition of Offender] was duly convicted before me [or, us] [Name and ‘ Style of convicting [fustice or JuJliccs] for that the said A.B. Name of 1 Offender] on [ Time of committing Offence j at [Place of committing Offence] ‘ did [hereJhite the Offence agairjl the Act according to the Past] contrary ‘ to the Form of the Statute, made in the Forty-lirll Year of the Reign ‘ of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the

Title of this Act] And I [or, we] do therefore declare and adjudge that the said A.B. [Name of Offender'] has forfeited for his said Offence, ‘ the Sum of [tine] or, shall be committed to [Place of Imprisonment] ‘ for the Space of [Time of Imprisonment, as the Case may be]. Given ‘ under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year

first above written.’

Appeal to the

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall fiunYttr S1" tE'nE him Rif, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, for which no particular Relief hath been herein-before provided (save and except the Verdict of the Jury, and any Determination, Proceeding, Matter, or Thing herein-before directed to be final) such Person or Persons may, within Six Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County of Southampton, such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Roads, and wichin Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before fonie Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of the Justices at such Quarter Sessions, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded against: him, her, or them by such justices; and such Justices at their said Sessions, on due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the entering inco such Recognizance, shall proceed in, hear, and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper; and their Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

Book. t:>i>e

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings k=P!- of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act, shall be entered in a

Fook or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the fame Number of Trustees as are empowered to make oi direct the lame, and shall then be deemed original Orders and Proceedings; which

Book

$5

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Book or Books, and also the Book directed to be kept for registering Mortgages and Transfers, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts, and before all Justices and other Persons whomsoever.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing which shall be done against or under the Authority of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, by virtue of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trtldees, but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the Trustees, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action; and every such Clerk or Treasurer in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Cods, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding, he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty Days Notice thereof shall have been given to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Roads, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Time the Fast was committed, and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County of Southampton, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall or may, at his, her, or their Election, plead specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Twenty Days Notice thereof was given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Expiration of the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cases by Law.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Clauses, Forms of Proceedings, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Turnpike [Lee. £s* Per."] T Roads

Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of ihcir Clerk or Treat urer.

Limitation of Actions.

The General Turnpike Atts to extend to this Act.

86

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in and by any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament for explaining, amending, or altering the fame, are severally contained and enacted, and which are now in force, and not controuled by or repugnant to any of the Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations in this Act contained, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and shall be duly enforced, practised, applied, and put in Execution, for the better eflefting the several Purposes of this Act, so far as the same are applicable thereto respectively, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every such Powers, Authorities, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Clauses, Forms of Proceedings, Matters, and Things, had been expressly inserted, and re-enacted in this Act with relation thereto.

Commence-

[Publick Act.]

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon Continuance ^le Day of receiving the Royal Assent, and shall continue for the Term of the Ait. of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being pleaded specially,

LONDON; Printed by George Eyre and Andrew' Strahan, Printers to the Jfing’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

tei;

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

ills

GEORGII III. REGIS.

na

Cap. 9.

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, pafltd in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston~upon-7hames and Thames Ditton, in the County of Surrey; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, in the said County.

[2d April iboi.]

[Ler. & Per.-] Z WHEREAS

9°

[Preamble.]

7$ CrtO.ll,

and

ao Geo. III.

recited.

Additional Tenn granted.

Additional Trustees.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

WHEREAS an Act was made In the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending., widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston-upon-Thames and Thames Ditton, in the tCounty of Surrey: And whereas another Act was made, in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said recited Act, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Rycgate Turnpike Road on Boronf Heath, in the said County: And whereas the Term of the said Acts is near expiring, and there is now due and owing, on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, a cnnsiderable Sum of Money; which cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and fonte of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 1 emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Term granted by the said recited Acts shall be repealed; and that the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied or altered, and also such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties) shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and together with this present Act shall be put in Execution, for the several Purposes thereby and hereby intended, for and during the Term herein after granted, as fully and effectually in all Respects, and to nil Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the B >dy of this present Act; which said Term hereby granted shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts and of this Act, and all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That John Antrobus, Thomas Aytiffe, Thomas Hercey Barritt, George Blackman, Robert Bridges, the Reverend Jonathan Boucher, William Broadbent, Charles Browning, Thomas Cal-verley, John Cholmley, Thomas Conway, the Reverend William Carter, William Dalrymple, Sir John Brewer Davis Knight, Sir John Frederick Baronet, Thomas Fajfett, Nathaniel Garland, Richard Howard, William Humbly, Robert Ladbroke, the Reverend Thomas Lloyd, the Reverend Doctor Morgan, Edward Knipe, Samuel Knipe, Farmer,

John Pollard, Edward Polhill, the Reverend Rogers Ruding, John Robinson, William Sanxay, Lewis Teiffier, Sweney Too e, William Taylor, William Timfon, James Trotter, John Mico Winter, John Whitmore, John Woodman, the Reverend Thomas Bartholomew Woodman, and Thomas Williams, (being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited i Acts)

9*

41° GEORGII III. Cap. g.

Acts' shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees, and shall be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed or elected by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or either of them, for putting in Execution the said recited Acts and this Act, and all the Powers given or granted by the fame, or any of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, the Tolls authorized to be collected and taken upon the said Roads, by virtue of the said recited Acts, shall cease and be no longer payable or paid; and that in lieu thereof, the Tolls following shall be demanded and taken, at all and every Turnpike and Turnpikes erected or to be erected upon and across the said Roads, and on the Sidts thereof, before any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say.',

For every Horse, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen. One Penny Halfpenny

For every Chaise, Cart, Dray, or Carriage, drawn by One Horse or other Beast only, Three Pence

For every Coach, Chariot, Calash, or Chaise, drawn by Two Horses, Nine Pence

For every Coach, Chariot, Calash, Berlin, Landau, Chaise, Hearse, Curricle, Chair, or other such Carriage, drawn by Three or more Horses, One Shilling:

For every Waggon with Narrow Wheels, not laden with Hay or Straw, One Shilling:

For every Waggon with Narrow Wheels, laden with Hay or Straw', Sixpence

For every Cart, Dray, or Carriage, with Narrow Wheels, drawn by more than One Horse or other Beast, Four Pence Halfpenny; laden with Hay or Straw, Three Pence:

For every Waggon with Six-Inch Wheels, not laden with Hay or Straw, Nine Pence j laden with Hay or Straw, Four Pence Halfpenny

For every Waggon with Nine-Inch Wheels, Eight Pence:

For every Cart with Six Inch Wheels, not laden with Hry or Straw, Four Pence Halfpenny; laden with Hay or Straw, Three Pence:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, after the Rate of Sixpence per Score.

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, after the Rate of Four Pence per Score.

IV. Provided always, That none of the Tolls by this Act granted shall be increased by virtue of an Act of Parliament of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

Cifcontinuing former Toils, nr.ri granting new ones.

Tolls.

92

Power to vary the Toll.

Trustees may borrow Money j

and assign the Toils as a Security.

Form of Mortgage.

Mortgages to be ti tered in a Bcok.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to lessen or reduce all or any of the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, for such Time or Times as they shall think, proper; and to raise again the Tolls so lessened or reduced, or any Part thereof, so that the fame do never exceed the Tolls herein-before granted; and such Tolls so lessened or reduced, or raised again, shall be collected and recovered in the same Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected and recovered; but Twenty-one Days Notice thereof at the lead shall be given, in some publick Newspaper, and upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall be then Handing upon the said Roads, previous to any such Alteration in the said Tolls.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to borrow and take up at Interest, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think lit upon the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to mortgage, demise, and assign over the said Tolls, or any Part thereof (the Charges of such Mortgages or Alignments to be paid out of such Tolls) to any Person or Persons, for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for the Repayment of the several Sums that shall be so borrowed, with the Interest thereof; which Mortgages or Alignments, and also all Mortgages or Alignments which shall be given for any Money now due on the Credit of the said recited Acts as aforesaid, in lieu of the Securities the Creditors are now possessed of (which the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized to give, in case any of the said Creditors shall be desirous of changing their present Securities) shall be in the Words or to the Effect following

‘ r>Y virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-first Year ‘ of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

‘ [insert the Title of the Act], We, Five or more of the Trustees for put-‘ ting the said Act in Execution, in Consideration of the Sum of ‘ to the Treasurer of the said Roads in Hand paid

‘ by do hereby grant and assign unto the

‘ said Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

‘ such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and of ‘ the Toll Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame,

as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum advanced or to be advanced on the Credit thereof, to be

‘ had and holden from the Day of

in the Year of our Lord for and during the Continuance of

‘ the said Act, unless the said Sum of with Interest

at the Rate of Five Pounds for One hundred Pounds fora Year, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Witness our Hands this

Day of in the Year of our Lord ’

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees; but

no

93

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

no Money shall lie borrowed unless Twenty-one Days Notice shall be given in feme publick Newspaper, and upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which Avail be then (landing upon the said Roads, of the Meeting for the borrowing thereof; and all Mortgages or Alignments so to be made as aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Alignments Mortar* shall be made, and their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, {£*ryedbc trin,‘ may from Time to Time, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Inte-relt, or Benefit to the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on such Security, in the Presence of One credible Witness; which Transfer shall be in the Words or to the Eflfeft following:

‘ T Do transfer this Mortgage, with all my Right and Title to the Form of ‘ Principal Sum thereby secured, and to all the Interest now due upon raas er'

the fame, unto Executors, Administrators, and

Assigns. Witness my Hand and Seal this Day of

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Ten Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry made, such Transfer shall entitle the Person to whom the same shall be made, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and every such Person may in like Manner transfer again, and so from Time to Time as Occasion shall require; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person making such Transfer to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Money thereby due; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Asignment of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads by virtue of the said recited Acts or this A cl, or any Transfer of any such Mortgage or Assignment, hath been or shall be made, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be, in Proportion to the respective Sums therein mentioned, Creditors on the said Tolls in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing such Monies or the Dates of such Assignments or Mortgages.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of Paying the

obtaining and parting this Act shall be paid out of any Money already e{

collected and received, or to be collected and received, by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Afl, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

94

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place upon the Michaelmas Day next after the passing thereof, and shall continue in force for and during the Term of Twenty, one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

X*

Cap. io.

An Act for continuing and amending Two A£h, fe-verallypafled in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and improving several Roads leading to the Borough of Launceston, in the County of Cornwall; and also for extending the Provisions of the said Aifts to the Road leading from the West Gate under Madford, in the Borough of Launceston aforesaid, by Docacre, to the North Gate in the fame Borough.

[2d April 1801.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, Gft ;I An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in R pair several 3 ’ Roads leading to the Borough of Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, several Tolls and Powers were granted to the Trustees therein named, for > repairing and improving the Highways or Roads leading from Coomb Bozo Bridge, in the Parish of Tbrujbelton, through the several Parishes of Thrufhelton aforesaid, Lezvtrenchard, Mari/low, Stowford, and Lifton, in the County of Devon; Lawhitton, Saint Mary Magdalen, the Town and Borough of Launceston aforesaid. South Petherwin, Saint Thomas the Apof-tle, Trewen, Laneaft, Treneglos, and Davidjiowe, to Halworthy, in the said [Lae. & Per.J Bb Parish

9S

ti Geo. III.

Former Acts continued.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

Parish of Davidftowe, in the County of Cornwall; and from a certain Place called Pennigillam Pool, in the Road aforesaid, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen aforesaid, through the several Parishes of Saint Mary Magdalen and South Pet her win aforesaid, to a certain Place, cal ltd Trekcl/earn Bridge, in the said Parish of South Pelherwin, in the Chunty ! Cornwall, and from the Borough of Launceston aforesaid, in the Road aforesaid, through the several Parishes of Saint Mary Magdalen and Lawhition aforesaid, and Lczant, to Greyston Bridge, in the said Parish of Lezant, and from a certain Place called Laburnick Cross, in the said Road and Parish of Law-hitton, through the said Parish of Lawhitton, to a certain Place called Jonas’s Shop, in the said Parish of Lezant, and County of Cornwall, and from a certain Place called Page’s Cross, in the Road aforesaid, in the said Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, to a certain Place called Hurdon TVater, in Saint Mary Magdalen aforesaid, and from Launceston to the Village of Benna-cott, in the Parish of Boyton, and from Launceston to the Village of Sitta-cott, in the Parish of Saint Giles’s in the Heath, and from Launceston to the Village of Egloferry, in the Counties, of Cornwall and Devon; which said Tolls and Powers were to continue for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas, by an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said recited Act ofi the Thirty-third Year of His said late Majesty was continued for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which said last-mentioned Term is near expiring: And whereas the Trustees authorized to put the said recited Acts in Execution, have, in pursuance thereof, borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which are still remaining due, and cannot be paid, nor can the said Roads be kept in good Repair, unless the said recited Acts be continued for a further Term; and it is expedient that several of the Tollsand Powers thereby granted should be altered and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice- and Consent of the Lords Sp'mtua. and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembfrd, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of Hisfjiid late Majesty, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Remedies, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Exemptions, Directions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained (except such of them, or such Parts thereof, as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, or as are repugnant to any of the Provisions contained in this Act, and also except such of them as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), and all and every the Tolls, Powers, Authorities, Exemptions, Directions, Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in this Act, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, in full Force and Effect, for the further Term herein-after mentioned, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all such Tolls, Powers, Authorities, Remedies, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Exemptions, Directions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things (except as aforesaid) were expressed and contained in this present Act; which laid additional Term, and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing from the said Trustees, under or by virtue of the said former Acts, or either of them.

5 II. And

41° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

II. And whereas it will be convenient for the Publick, that the said Trustees should be authorized to repair the Road leading from the Well Gate under Madford, in the Borough of Launceston aforesaid, by Docacre, to the North Gate in the fame Borough, extending about Three Furlongs and Three Rods in Length; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to make, and afterwards maintain and keep in good Repair, a convenient Carriage Road from the West Gate aforesaid, by Docacre, to the Norih Gate aforesaid, in such Course and Direction as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall order, direct, and appoint; and foreffectu-ating those Purposes'asti and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, and Provisions, in the said recited Acts and in this Act respectively contained, with respect to the making, repairing, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair any of the Roads therein described, shall be in full Force and Effect, and shall be duly enforced, practised, applied, and put in Execution for making, repairing, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road from West Gate to North Gate aforesaid, so far as such Powers, Authorities, Directions, and Provisions are applicable thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said last-mentioned Road had been Part of the Roads directed to be made and repaired in and by the said first-mentioned Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls granted and made payable by the said first recited Act, shall cease and be no longer payable; and that instead thereof the several Tolls herein-after mentioned shall be demanded and taken at- each and every Toll Gate or Turnpike which shall be continued or erected upon the said Roads, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, before any Cattle or Carriage, upon which any Toll is hereby imposed, shall be permitted to pass through the fame

At all Times except on the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday, there shall be demanded and taken the Tolls following; that is to say, For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Curricle, Calalh, Hearse, or other such Carriage, drawn by Four or any greater Number of Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum of Money after the Rate of Four-pence for each Horse or other Bead of Draught; and drawn by Three or any less Number of Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum after the Rate of Four-pence Halfpenny for each Horse or other Beast: of Draught

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny (except as herein-after mentioned): For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Number

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Number: For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, drawn by Four or any greater Number of Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum after the Rate of Sixpence for each Horse or other Beast of Draught; and drawn by Three or any less Number of Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum after the Rate of Four-pence Halfpenny for each Horse or other Beast of Draught (except as herein after mentioned)

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, drawing any Carriage, laden or unladen, when solely employed in carrying or

conveying

99

The Acts extended to the Roid from the Welt Gate so the North Gate in Luun-ciJUu.

Former Tolls to ceaie.

New Tolls.

IOO

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

conveying Coals, Wood for Fuel, or Fuel of iny other Kind, the Sum of Threepence.

For every Yoke of Oxen drawing any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, when solely employed as last aforesaid, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead of Burden, laden or unladen, and not drawing, when solely employed as last aforesaid, the Sum of One Penny:

And on the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday, there shall be demanded and taken the Tolls following; (that is to say), For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, drawing any Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence

For every Yoke of Oxen drawing any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, the Sum of Eight-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead of Burden, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number

And for every Drove of Calves, Hog, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number

Which said respective Tolls herein-before mentioned, shall be and are hereby declared to be veded in the said Trustees; and they, or any Seven or more of them, shall have such and the fame Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for apportioning, mortgaging, transferring, leafing, reducing, advancing, and compounding for the Tolls hereby granted or made payable, and the same shall and may be collected, levied, recovered, paid, and applied in the same Manner and Form as in and by the said recited Acts, or either of them, are expressed with respect to the Tolls thereby gtanted or made payable, except as herein is expressly declared or provided to the contrary.

carr'.ageswith

IV. Provided always, That no more than One Half Part or Proportion whe-lsto of the Tolls herein-before imposed on Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other p iv only One such Carriages, shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Ha t To Carts, or Carriages, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches at the least, and rolling a Surface of that Breadth so flat or level as not to deviate more than One Inch from a flat or level Surface.

'"iTte*6*5 * Anc* ‘c further enacted, That Sir William Call Baronet, George

‘ Call, Francis llerle koda, Edmund Prideaux, Isaac Donnithorne Harris,

John Rodd, ‘Thomas Phillipps, George Collins Blown, J. D. Brown, "Jonas Morgan, and Robert Lethbridge, John Shaw and John Jago Doctors in Divinity, Charles Marshall, John Arundel!, Thomas Waddon Martyn, Francis Bedford, Roger Kingdon of North Petherwyn, William Royfe and Livingstone Booth Clerks, Thomas Jago, John Williams Frankland Emanuel Harvey, and Robert Martin, being duly qualified according to the Directions of the said first-recited Act, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, and shall have the fame Power and Authority to ad in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, as if they had been named and appointe J Trustees in the said former Acts, or either of them.

IOI

41‘’ GEORGII Ili. Cap. id.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Meeting of the Trustees appointed to be holden by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn to another Day, or in case the Trustees assembled at any Meeting shall not adjourn themselves, the Clerk of the said Trustees shall from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall happen, by Notice in Writing under his Hand, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes then erefled across the said Roads, and also upon the principal Door of the Guildhall in Launcejion aforesaid, at lead Ten Days before the next intended Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was intended to have been holden, on any Day not exceeding One Month from the Day appointed for fitch last Meeting.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons, under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order tirade upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, oraffefling other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing settled to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, takem or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities j and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Product of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

[_Loc. y Per.]

Clerk cr Treasurer may adjourn Meetings when a luffkient Number of Trustees are not present.

Application or Compensation when rxroeding

1091,

Cc

Vllt. Provided

102

Application when the Com pen fit ion doe* not ex-cctJtoo/. nor lefb than 20 /.

Application when the Money is less than so/.

Expence of the Act.

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

[Publick Act.]

41° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or a defied to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid1, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Seven or more of the Trustees for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

IX. Provided also, and be it furthetv. enacted, That when such Money so agreed or assessed to be paid as ht.ein-before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences incurred in and about the applying for, preparing, obtaining, and passing of this Act, shall be paid out of any Money already raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the first Monies which shall be raised or borrowed upon the Credit of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place upon the Day of receiving the Royal Assent, and shall continue in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without the fame being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*»*m*

Cap. ii.

An Act for altering, widening, and repairing the Road leading from the Town and Port of Dovor to the Town and Port of Sandwich, through the Parish of Walderjhare; and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road leading from Dovor to Barham Downs., up Kerfney Court Hill, to the Parish of Whitfield, otherwise Beaus field, in the County of Kent.

[2d April 1801.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the Town and Port of Dovor Preamble, to the Parish of Walderjhare, and from thence to the Town and Port of Sandwich in the County of Kent, (being the old and direct Road), is much out of Repair, and in many Places narrow, circuitous, and incommodious, and is in many Parts very ruinous and unsafe, and the Statute Work is not sufficient for repairing and amending the same: And whereas a gteat Part of the present Road might be very considerably widened, altered, and improved, so as to make it safe and commodious for Carriages and Passengers, and the Distance of the Road from Dover through IValderJhare to Sandwich considerably Shortened, which would be of great publick Utility, and of much Benefit to the Inhabitants of Dovor, Sandwich, the Isle of Thanet, and the adjacent v [hoc. Ssf Per.~\ D d - Country,

io6 41° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

Country, and particularly advantageous to the Trade of that Part of the Country; but the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be ioenadfed by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable William Pitt, the Honourable Francis North, Sir Edward Knatchbull Baronet, Sir Willi am Geary Baronet, the Members for the County of Kent for the Time being, Charles Small Pybtts, John Trevanion, the Members for Davor for the Time being, Sir Henry Oxenden Baronet, Sir Narborough D'/leth Baronet, Sir Robert Laurie Baronet, Sir Brook Brydges Baronet, Sir Horatio Mann Baronet, Sir Philip Stephens Baronet, the Members for Sandwich for the Time being, Sir Henry Harvey Knight of the Bath, the Mayor of Dovor for the Time being, the Mayor of Sandwich for the Time being, Gustavus Belford, Thomas Barrett, Thomas Biggs, Edward Timewell Brydges Clerk, William Boys, William Boteler, Robert Tournay Bargrave, John Boys, Edward Boys, John Raven Bray, William Baker, William Wyborn Bradley, William Fuller Battler, Thomas Belfiey, William Curling, Robert Curling, Samuel Collett, Thomas Coleman, William Cabman, Stephen Carter, Israel Claritigbould, John Dilnot, Charles Dering, George Dering, Richard Blacket De Chair Clerk, Thomas Delannoy Clerk, William Davies, William Gibbs Deal, Lawrence Dilnot, James Denne, Richard Emmerson, Edward Erridge, George Eastes, William Eastes, Peter FeSfor, John Mlnet Feftor, James Peter Feflor, Edmund Fowle, George Finch, George Finnis, James Gunman, Thomas Godfrey, George Gipps Clerk, Edward George, Richard Garfide, Thomas Garfide, Benjamin Glandfield, Richard Harvey Clerk, John Springet Harvey, William Hammond, Samuel Harvey, Henry Wife Harvey, George Hannam, George Hooper, John HoUams, Thomas Hoile, Henry Hannam, Thomas Harvty, Uuderdown Harvey, Thomas Horn, Thomas Horn junior, William Horn, John Harvey, Thomas Hatton, Stephen Long Jacobs Clerk, James Jekin, Joseph Jggulden, Phineas Kennett, Thomas King, William tfing, William Kingsford, William Knocker, Thomas Bateman Lane, John Lyon Clerk, William Lade Clerk, Ceprge John Piercy Leith, John Latham, Samuel Latham, Richard Lee, Henry Loud, John M'Doivgal, John Mason, Htnry Matson, Thomas Mantell, John May, Joseph Marsh, Richard Marsh, John Mo vole, William Osborn M. D. Henry Osenden, John Plumptree, Philip Papillon Clerk, James Mcthur/l Pointer, Richard Pett-pian, Thomas Petlman, John Page, William Phipps, John Pilcher, Joseph Webb Pilcher, John Pain, John Phipps, Thomas Russell, Daniel Rainier, Lieutenant-General Edward Smith, Hardinge Sttacey, Thomas Sutton M. D. James Minet Sayer Clerk, Alexander James Smith Clerk, Phineas Stringer, George Stringer, Benjamin Fuller Stow, Thomas Solly, Henry Sayer, Augu/lini Smithers, William Sankey, John Sampson, John Shipdem, Joseph Solly, James Shipdem, John Sharpe, William Slaughter, William Tournay Clerk, Francis Thatcher, Thomas Tambs, Wiliam Thomfett, John Taylor, Benjamin Taylor, Charles Wellard, William Walker, Thomas Walker, James Wyborn, William White, Thomas Welton, Leonard Woodruff, John White, James Walker, and Richard CaJl/ehow Wakefield, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein directed, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for altering, widening, and repairing the Road from the present Turnpike Road leading from the Town and Port of Dovor

I

4iQ GEORGII lit Cap. rr. 107

Dover to Barham Downs, up Kerfney Court Hill, though the Parish of Walderjhare to the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent; and also for making, altering, and repairing a Road from Saint James's Street, in the said Town and Port of Davor, by or over a certain Hill called Green Hill, to join the said Road at the Top of Kerfney Court Hill in the said County.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Trustees shall No Act vaitf be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unlel's the fame be done 1

at some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, except as maj be herein excepted; and that all the Powers and Authorities by thts Majoiiiy pre* Act granted to the said Trustees shall and may be exercised, from Time lent to Time, by the major Parc of them who shall attend at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, the Number of such Trustees present at such Meeting not being less than Five, and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of such Trustees present at such their several Meetings, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were made or done by all such respective Trustees for the Time being (save and except as may be herein excepted); and at every Meeting of the said chairman to Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed, and when and as often be appo‘nte as it shall so happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman) then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman to give the decisive or calling Vote.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, or Refusal, or Eieftion of Disability to act, of any of the said Trustees hereby appointed, or their ne* Trustees; Successors, to be elected in Manner herein mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Trustees, from Time to Time, to elect and appoint One other Person to be a Trustee in the Room of each Trustee so dying, or refuting, or being incapable of acting, and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election shall be given in Writing under the Hand of the Clerk of the said Trustees for the Time being, to be affixed on all and every of the Turnpikes which shall be then (landing on the said Roads, at lead Ten Days before such Meeting; and every Person so elected a new Trustee as aforesaid, shall be, and lie is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a Manner as the Trustee in whose Room or Stead he shall have been so elected.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be ca- Qualifications pable of idling as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall ot Trustees* be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, Or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Poundft, or be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of Eight hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person possessed of an Estate in Land of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds; and if any Person not being so qualified shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to bd recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

or Information, wherein no Essoign, Pro t eft ion, or Wager of Law, of more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, of otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

V. Provided nevertheless, That all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling House, Alehouse, of other House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other Strong Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collecting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, during such Time as he, (he, of they shall keep such Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of publick Entertainment, or shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other strong Liquors, by Retail; but no such Persons shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he, she, or they employ a Person to collect them, who shall not be under any such Incapacity.

Trustees may

VII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as are e'c/VwheTe’ or Juff‘ces of the Peace, shall and may in their respective Juris-

personatly*"- dictions, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices of the Peace in urcited. the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

Meeting.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Guildfard Arms Inn, in the said Parish of Watderjhare, on the Wed. nesday Fortnight after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and One in the Afternoon, and shall then and there proceed to carry this Act into Execution, and shall and may at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, ffom Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden at such Place near to any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and at such Time as to them shall feetn proper; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to forr\e other Day, within Thirty Days from the Day on which such Adjournment shall be made, and shall cause publick Notice thereof to be given in Writing affixed on all the Turnpike* erected by virtue of this Act, or to be inserted in One or more of the publick Newspapers, printed and circulated in the Eastern Parts of the said County of Kent, at lead Ten Days before the Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned; and the said Trustees shall at all their Meetings

108

All A£V« of Ti afters not qualified, if done before Conviction, valid.

Victuallers, ttr. incapable of acting.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. ir.

Meetings defray their own Expences; and that none of the said Trustees shall be capable of acting in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after the Adjournment of the said Trustees it shall at any Time be thought necessary that an earlier Day should be appointed than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees (an Or-deT in Writing, signed by Three or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time and Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, being given to him, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode) shall forthwith give Notice thereof in Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees, (such Time not being tess than Ten Days after such Notice), and all Proceedings of the said Trustees at such Meeting shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by any Five or

more of the said Trustees shall be revoked or altered unless Fifteen or unj(f( Ten more of the said Trustees shall be then prefenc, and Ten or more shall Trusteeacon-concur therein, and unless Notice shall have been given by Five Trustees ul" to their said Clerk of their Desire to have a Meeting for the Purpose of taking into Consideration the said Order, with a View to revoke or alter the fame, and in such Case Notice in Writing shall be given by. such Clerk, Ten Days at the least before such Meeting, to, or left at the usual Place or Places of Abode of such Trustees as were present when the Order was made, of the Intention to revoke or alter any such Order.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to ta

be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular En-; ent'rc tries to be made therein of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such

Book or Books, being signed by the Chairman and Clerk then present, or either of them, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cases, Suits, and Actions touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act and that such Book or Books shall, at all of the Meetings of the said Trustees, be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every of the said Trustees, and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable; and that any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding One hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they Trustees to are hereby empoweied, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and a Collector or Collectors

of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the Roads within, their r&-spective Districts, and also such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Act as the said Trustees shall think proper j and from Time [Lee. d? Per.E e to

Trustees to def. ay their own Expenses.

Meetings on Emergencies.

no

and remove them, ai d may allow them Salaries,

Tniftee* to take Security from the Treasurer. Officers to account.

Treasurer to account on Oath.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. fi.

to Time to remove such Officers and Persons respectively, as they {Hall fee Occasion, and out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this act to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to the said Officers and other Persons as the saidi Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take such sufficient Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer, for the due Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed shall, under their Hands, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Trustees (hill direct, deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers respectively received by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall, on the First Monday in the Month of July yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Trustees then next following (although not thereunto required by the said Trustees) lay his Accounts before the said Trustees, in order that the fame may be audited, passed, and allowed by them, if approved of; and all the said Officers so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer) verify their said Accounts; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to mike and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Fourteen Days next after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, by Notice in Writing given to, or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer) all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees reflecting the fame, and if Complaint shall be made by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the City, County, or Place wherein such Officer so refusing or neglecting shall be or reside, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his ffand and Seal, for the Officer, so refuting or neglecting, to appear before him, and upon his appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Contession of the Party, or by the Tellimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caul'e such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer, and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Chat-

Ill

41° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

tels, ot if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer shall have refilled or neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the faine as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the City,

County, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive) and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to On the Death and for any Two or more of the said Trustees, upon the Death, Neglect, deeper Two Refusal, or Incapacity to act, of any Toll Gatherer or Gate Keeper Trustees may appointed to collect the Tolls upon the said Roads, to nominate and ap- another'until point some other fit Person in his Place, until the next Meeting of the the neat Trustees of the said Roads, which Person so to be nominated and ap- Meeting, pointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in

the same Manner in all Respects as the Person in whose Room or Stead

he shall be so appointed and that if any Toll Gatherer or Gate Keeper, ifadischarged

who shall be discharged from his Office by the said Trustees, shall refute to deliver up the Possession of the House, Buildings, and Appurtenances ii*« upthe

which he enjoyed in Right of his Appointment to that Office, within House'

Two Days after Notice given him, or left at his HouTe, in Writing under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or if the Wife and Family of any such Toll Gatherer or Gate Keeper, who shall die as aforesaid, shall refuse to deliver up such House, Buildings,

and Appurtenances, within Four Days after such new Appointment shall be made as aforesaid, then and in either of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House and Premises in the Day Time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods, out of such House, and to put the new appointed Officer in Possession thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said units of Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, demised, or in farm

to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and to receive ths for the Lessee or Lessees, Fanner or Farmers thereof, or such other Per- <jmcson or Persons as he or they shall, by Writing or Writings pnder his or their Hand or Hands authorize or appoint, to demand and take the said Tolls so leased, demised, or farmed, with the like lowers for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Toll Gatherer or Gate Keeper, appointed by the said Trustees, is hereby authorized and empowered

I 12

Trustees empowered 10 erect Tum-

ekci and Toll oufes, and receive Tolls.

Tolls.

Tolls vested in the Tradees.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. ii.

powered to demand, take and recover the fame; and such Lessee or Leffecs, Farmer or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions as any Toll Gatherer or Gate Keeper appointed by the said Trullees is subject or liable to.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cause to be erected such and so many Turnpikes to secure the Tolls hereby granted, upon oracross the said Roads, and on or near the Sides thereof, in, near, unto, or across any Lanes or Ways leading or that may hereafter lead out of the fame, as they shall think proper, and such and so many Toil Houses as they shall think proper, and shall and may, in Manner herein directed, purchase and take Land sufficient for such Toll House or Toll Houses, with necessary Accommodations thereto, and from Time to Time remove, alter, or discontinue such Turnpikes and Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think meet and expedient; and shall and may cause to be demanded and taken at the said Turnpikes the Tolls following, before any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, shall be permitted to pass through the fame j (that is to say).

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Phaeton, Calafii, Curricle, Vis-a-vis, Chaise, Diligence, Caravan, Chair, Hearse, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Ox, Steer, Gale, or Bull, drawing singly, and not in Pairs or abreafl, any such Carriage as aforesaid, the Sum of Two* pence:

For every Ox, Steer, Gale, or Bull, drawing in Pairs or abreafl any such Carriage as aforesaid, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny

For every Afs drawing any Carriage as aforesaid, the Sum of One Penny

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny

For every Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be, and they are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and a Table thereof shall be put up and continued at each and every Turnpike erected on the said Roads, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons who shall, by virtue of this Act, be appointed Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand, collect, and receive the Tolls hereby granted; and if any Person or Persons, subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall after Demand thereof made by any Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay-the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall and may

41° GEORGII III. Cap. n. 113

be lawful to and for such Collector to seize and didrain any Horse or Horses, or other Bead or Cattle chargeable with the said Tolls, and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Didress, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be p id within Five Days next after such Seizure and Didress made, the Person so seizing and dif-training shall and may fell such Horse or Horses, Bead, or other Cattle, rendering the Overplus (if any), upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges for didraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deduced and paid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any Carriage Carriages with having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth to°pU'only*' of Six Inches, or more, and drawn by not more than Four Horses or Half Toil, other Beasts of Draught, or when any Carriage having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches or more,

(provided that such Fellies respectively and the Tires thereon shall lie so

flat as not to deviate more than One Inch from a flat or level Surface)

shall pass through any of the said Turnpikes, no more shall be demanded or taken than One Half only of the Tolls herein-before made payable for or in respect of the Horses or other Beasts of Draught drawing such like Carriages respectively, not having Wheels of the respective Breadths aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Additional and for the said Trustees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded

and taken for every Horse or other Bead (except an Afs) drawing any with Timber. Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage laden with Timber, Hop Poles, or other Poles called Use Stuff, One Half the Toll or Sum in Addition to the Toll or Sum which could otherwise be demanded and taken by virtue of this Act, for such Horse or other Bead drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, not so laden as aforesaid.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Dispute shall In care of

happen about the Quantity of the Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping Tolls

and felling any Didress, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Col- and clTarges, lector or Person didraining to retain the fame, or the Money arising from he'riufed'by'a the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls or Charges of didraining justi. c.

and felling the Didress, as the Case may be, shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Dispute may happen to arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter by Oath of the Parties, or other Witr.efs or Witnrfles, and shall determine the Quantity of the Tolls due, and shall also assess the Charges of such Didress and Sale, and all other reasonable Cods, all which Sum or Sums so determined or assessed, shall be paid to the said Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Didress or the Overplus, after Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all Turnpikes, the Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and of all Mile Trustees" Stones and Pods erected by virtue of this Act, and also of all Materials 1 ’* IU1 which shall be provided for making and repairing the said Roads by virtue of this Act, shall be veded in the said Trustees, and they ate hereby empowered to cause any Actions to be brought, and any Bills of Indict-

\_Loc. W Per.] F f ment

H4 41° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

ment to be preferred against any Person or Persons who shall deal, break down, take away, injure, or spoil any such Turnpikes, Toll Houses, or other Buildings, Mile Stones, Polls, or any such Materials as aforesaid.

Tolls to be taken but Once a Day on that Part of the Road which lies between Eaflry and Sandwich.

Toll* to be taken but Once a Day on that Part of the Road which lies between Eaflry and the Road to Barham Dcwms j

and only Once a Day between

‘Beauibury "Cross and Dovor.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Collector of the said 1’olls to demand or take any more than One Toll in any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) from any Person or Persons for or in respect of the fame Horse or other Bead or Cattle, passing and repassing through the fame or any other Gate or Turnpike on such Part of the said Roads as lies between the said Town and Port of Sandwich, and the Parish of Eajiry in the said County of Kent, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket, denoting that the said Toll has been paid in that Day on such Part of the said Roads, which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver, gratis, on the Payment of such Toll.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Collector of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than One Toll in any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) from any Person or Persons for or in respect of the fame Horse or other Bead or Cattle, passing and repassing through the fame, or any other Gate or Turnpike, on such Part of the said Roads as lies between the said Parish of Eajiry and the present Turnpike Road leading from Donor to Barham Downs at the Bottom of Kerfney Court Hill, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket, denoting that the said Toll has been paid in that Day on such Part of the said Roads, which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver, gratis, on the Payment of such Toll.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Collector of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than One Toll in any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) from any Person or Persons, for or in respect of the fame Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, passing and repassing through the fame or any other Gate or Turnpike on such Part of the Roads to be made by virtue of this Act, between the Top of Kerfney Court Hill near Beausbury Cross 'leading by a certain Place called Che Green Hill) and Dovor aforesaid, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket denoting that the said Toll has been paid in that Day on such Part of the said Roads, which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver, gratis, on the Payment of such Toll. S

Sates "«i,0

XXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con-sertain Parts. ta*ned shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Trustees to erect, or cause to be erected, any Gate or Turnpike on or across any Part of the said Roads as lies within the said Parish of Eaflry, or on or across any Part of the present Road leading from the said Parish

of

41° GEORGII III. Cap. it. n

of Eastry through WoodneJborough otherwise Winjboroitgb, to the said Town and Port of Sandwich.

XXV. And, for preventing the evading of the Payment of the said pern|ty <"> Tolls, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall give, XoltiT*1 offer, or dispose of to, or receive from any other Person or Persons any such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit, or knowingly make use of any counterfeited 1 icket, in order to avoid Payment of the said Tolls, or if any Person or Persons owning, tenting, or occupying any Lands adjoining to the said Roads, or any of them, near unto any Turnpike to be erected thereon, shall permit or suffer any Person to pass through or over any Part of his, her, or their said Lands, with any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall be avoided, or if any Person or Persons shall ride or drive any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, through or over any Way or Passage (not being a publick Way or Passage) or through or over any Lands adjoining to any of the said Roads, or near to any of the said Turnpikes, or shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse or other Bead from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of the Tolls made payable by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, is or shall be avoided, every such Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or General Ex-taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead employed in carrying or conveying, emPllon»-or going or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, Stone, Brick, Lime,

Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which such Roads do lie; or undried Hops, green Clover for foiling Cattle, Hay,

Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead employed in carrying or conveying any I loughs. Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or Lime, Mould, Dung, Compod, or Manure, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving of Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or from any Person or Persons redding in any Township or Parish in which the said Roads do lie, for any Hotfes or Cattle going to or returning from Padure or Watering Places, or going to be, or returning from being (hoed; or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from their proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worffup tolerated by Law, on the Sabbath Day or Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon other his parochial or miniderial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Poltmader General, either when employed in conveying,

9 fetching.

n6 4-i° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for the Horses of any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or Carriages attending them with their Baggage; or for any Cattle, or Carriages employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal PafTes; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beall drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, C. lash, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Kent, or of a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Dover, or for the Town and Port of Sandwich, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

TrofteM may

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be at any publick to an<* for the Paid Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, at

Meetings i a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which One Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates on the said Roads, and in fonte publick Newspaper published and circulated in the Eastern Part of the said County of Kent, from Time to Time to lessen or reduce all or any of the said Tolls granted by this Act, for and during such Time as they the said Trustees shall and after- think proper; and afterwards, at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, them'againi" from Time to Time, if they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced to any Sum or Sums of Money not ex-provided such ceeding the several Rates granted by this Act: Provided nevertheless, To!h be°made That where the whole Money borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit with the Con- of the Tolls within the said respective Districts shall not have been paid tors°f Cr'd'" anc^ discharged, no such Tolls shall be lessened or reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five Sixths of the Money remaining due upon such respective Tolls.

Tolls may be

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered, at any Meeting, upon Ten Days Notice being given on all the Turnpike Gates erected on the said Roads, and in some publick Newspaper published and circulated in the Eastern Parts of the said County of Kent, to let or farm the Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, at and for the largest yearly Sum they can reasonably get for the fame, provided the Leases, Comradts, or Agreements of or for the fame be in Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons taking or farming such Tolls, and also by the said Trustees; but the same shall noc be let for more than Three Years at any one Time, and the Rent wmich shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls shall be made payable, and shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, so as that One Quarterly Payment of such Rent shall always be made in Advance, or suffictent Security shall be given for the Payment of such Rent, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in Default thereof such Lease, Contract, or Agreement, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

41° GEO. III. Cap. 1i. n7

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Trustees may and for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, to compound with any compound. Person or Persons, for any Term not exceeding One Year at a Time, for any Horses, Beads, or Cattle passing on the said Roads, or on any Part or Parts thereof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Horses, Beads, or other Cattle, and all such Composition Money shall be paid in Advance One Quarter or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall appoint, and in Default thereof such Composition diall be void.

XXX. And, for the more speedy raiding of Money for the Purposes Trustees^rnay of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and ,ey.

for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Intered such Sum or Sums of Money as they diall judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to adign over or mortgage the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part thereof, and the Turnpikes and Toll Houses to be erected by virtue of this Act (the Charges of such Assignments or Mortgages to be paid out of the said Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as'a Security for the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Intered for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Admi-nidrators, and Assigns, such Intered to be paid and payable by equal Half-yearly Payments, at the Dwelling House of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being; all which Mortgages or Assignments shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

4 t>Y virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-fird Year of ‘ the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, ['Jet forth the Title of the Apt] We whose Names are hereunto subscribed, and Seals af- fixed (being Trustees acting in Execution of the said Act) in Confi- deration of the Sum of to the

4 Treasurer of the said Roads in Hand paid by A.B. do hereby grant,

bargain, fell, anddemife, unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administra- tors, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and also of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of doth

4 or diall bear to the whole Sum advanced or to be advanced on the Credit of the said Act, to be had and holden from this Day of in the Year of our Lord

for and dufing the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with Intered after the Rate of

per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Copir* of the Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to cr^f/d5,0 the said Trustees, and such Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward; but no Money (except the Sums already subscribed for or towards making and repairing the said Roads) shall be borrowed by the said Trustees, on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, unless Notice for that Purpose shall be given in some Newspaper or Newspapers printed and circulated within the Eadern Parts of the said County of Kent, at least Ten Days before \Loc. & Per.] G g the

118

Transfer of Mortgage*.

Notice of Transfers to be given to Clerk in Tli tee Months.

Trustees may contract for the Punhife cf LnmJb to be taken into the Road,

ard may turn

cr alter the Couife of any Parr of the K ud.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

the borrowing of such Money; and all Mortgages or Assignments, which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time assign and transfer the fame Security or Securities, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest to the Principal and Interest; Money thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Efleft following:

‘ T A'. B. being entitled to the Sum of secured

‘ A to Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

by virtue of a Mortgage or Assignment bearing Date the

‘ Day of under the Hands and Seals of of the Trustees acting in Execution of a certain Act of Parliament, made ‘ in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [set forth the Title of the Aft~\, upon the Credit of the said Act,

do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame, and all

the Principal and Interest Money now due and owing<hereon, unto ‘ C D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this

Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees, within Three Calendar Months next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages or Assignments, and for which Entry the Clerk who shall enter the same shall be paid One Shilling and no more, and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Tolls Houses, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Mortgages or Assignments.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby fully empowered from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to divert, wiJen, turn, shorten, vary, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the Roads comprized in this Act, and to make the said new Roads herein described; and that the said new Roads, and any Variation of Road, may be made of any Width not exceeding Sixty Feet through any Common or Waste Ground, without making Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private or enclosed Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, (or the Damage they may sustain thereby, and for that Purpose it shall and may

be

41° GEORGII III. Cap. n. 119

be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or for their Clerk, or any other Person or Persons by them duly authorized and deputed for that Purpose, by Order of a Meeting of the said Trustees, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of, and Persons interested in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments; and the said Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments so purchased, or any Part thereof, shall and may, by Order and Direction of the said Trustees, be laid into and made Part of the said Roads, ip such Manner as the said Trustees shall think convenient, and shall, by such Person or Persons as they shall order and appoint, be sufficiently drained, ditched, and fenced out for that Purpose; and after the said Lands or Grounds shall be so drained, ditched, and fenced out, the fame shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be, and be deemed and taken to be a publick and common Highway, and to be Part of the Roads to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the old Roads were and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after any such Lands shall be made Part of the said Roads as aforesaid, the Lands or Grounds comprized in or constituting the former Road, in lieu whereof such Land or Ground shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall be sold by the said Trustees to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become a Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the belt Price that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and the Conveyance thereof, being executed by the said Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Kent, or with the Town Clerk of the Town and Port of Dovor, or of the Town and Port of Sandwich, according to the Jurisdiction in which such Lands or Grounds shall lie, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Corporation*, to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations *to treat. Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators,

Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunaticks, and Husbands, and all other Trustees whomsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infafits, Femes Covert, or Ctftuique Trusts, Idiots, Lunaticks, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves, and for all and every Person or Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to treat or agree with the said Trustees for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, and to convey the same to the said Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes; any Law Usage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all such Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and Trustees, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Coliegiate, Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

120

In case of Person> not treating for the Sale of such Lands, Jury to lettle the Recompense,

Verdict of Jury to be final*

41° GEORGII III. Cap. tt.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Proprietor, Occupier of, or other Person or Persons interested in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall judge necessary or prr. per to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, or ally such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees, Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or other Trustees, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk or Head Officer of any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, shall, by the Space of Twenty Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees shall cause it to be inquired into, and ascertained by and upon the Oath of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Kent, or of the Town and Pott of Dovor, or of the Town and Port of Sandwich, according to the Jurisdiction in which the Premises in Question shall happen to lie, (which Oaths the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer), what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons interested, for or upon Account of the taking or using of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act; and in order thereto the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to summon and call before them all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises, and shall examine such Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury upon Oath, (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer), and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Place in (Question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so ascertained and settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or other Persons interested therein, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury,; which said Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgement, Order, or Determination, so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Parties and Persons claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise; and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons anywise interested in such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, divested of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property of, in, to, or out of the fame; and upon Payment of the Money so assessed to the respective Persons entitled thereto, or their Agents, or (in case of Refusal to accept such Money) upon paying the fame into the Bank of England, in case the same shall be equal to, or exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or upon leaving the fame, in case the fame should be less than the Sum of One hundred Pounds, in the Hands of the Treasurer

121

41° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

to the said Trustees for the Use of such Persons, and to be ^aid to them upon Demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause the Premises, in respect whereof such Money shall be assessed, to be disposed of, and such Acts to be done thereto as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the said respective Premises were untenanted, and the Purchase or Consideration Money received by the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and for summoning and returning any such Jury, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, signed by them, to the Sheriff of the said County of Kent, or to the Mayor of the said Town and Port of Dover, or to the Mayor of the said Town and Port of Sandwich, in their respective Jurisdictions, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff to im-, pannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Trustees, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, and such Sheriff and Mayors, or their respective Deputies, is and are hereby required thereupon to impannel, summon, and return such Twenty-four Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impanntlled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear or cause to be fwcrn T welve Persons, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid, and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff or his Deputy shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured or summoned to atrend that Service, to the Number of Twelve.

XXXIV. Provided always, That all Persons concerned shall have their jury may be lawful Challenges against any of the Jurymen to be summoned in pur- chjllensc<i-fuance of this Act, in such and the like Manner as any Party in any

Action depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJl-minster is or shall be by Law entitled to; and the said Trustees are sheriff or

hereby empowered to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on any such Mayor may

Sheriff and such respective Mayors, or their respective Deputies, who Neeleitof1 shall make Default in the Premises, and also on any of the Persons who Duty,

shall be summoned and returned to serve on such Jury and shall not appear, or after having appeared shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or having been sworn shall refuse to give, or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in Question, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty herein, and on any of the Persons who, being required to give Evidence before the said Jury, touching the Premises, shall refuse to be sworn, or to be examined, or give Evidence touching the fame; but no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any One Person for One Offence.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That wherever the Owner of the Course of any of the said Roads shall be altered by this Act, and a new

Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the Ro"n» have Purchase of such old Road shall be first made to the Owner of such 1 {ethirl\'i*r adjoining Land, which shall be cut and used for the Purpose of making Kold? ° such new Road; and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall still be desirous of becoming the Purchaser, then the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such Manner as the Price [Lee. £if Per.] H h for

41° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act, and such Ow ner (halt be deemed the Purchaser thereof at the Sum to be ascertained by a Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case he shall refuse to pay such Money, upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Irusteei, and Tender of the Conveyance of such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and in case any such Owmer shall not agree, or refuse to purchase any such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons not interested in the Premises to make an Affidavit to be sworn before a Matter fc xtraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such old Road shall lie, dating that such Offer has been made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed or has refused to purchase such old Road; and such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to, or refused by such Owner: Provided nevertheless, That if such Owner shall be willing and consent to take such old Road in Exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to assure the same to such Person, by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering to him a Copy thereof, signed by the said Trustees, which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

By whom

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall S*ve *n anc' deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money than shall, by be p.ud. or on Behalf of the said Trustees, have been offered before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken by or on Behalf of the said Trustees as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more, or for less Money than shall, by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, have been offered before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning'and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute.

House?. &c. not to be injured*

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Trustees to take, use, injure, or damage any Dwelling House or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owner* or Proprietors thereof.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trullee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Celtuique Trust, or to any Person whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trudees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inveded, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Truds, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall beexiding, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inveded by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities } and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-ments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or

8 Persons

123

Application of Coni pen ration, when equal to tool.

Application where the Compensation shall be less than loo I. and exceed 20 /.

124

pplic.it on where the Money is less than 20/

for getting Material* to repair the Roads.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. ii.

Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the Laid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XL. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Bents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and all such Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Beach, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, for making or repairing the said Roads, out of or from any Common or Waste Ground, River or Brook, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place in which any Part of the Roads hereby directed to be made, amended, and repaired, shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, they the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of the said Trustees, search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away such Materials in and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons, where the fame may be had or found, (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), paying or tendering such Rate for such Materials to the Owners of such Grounds, and making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done (by digging, getting, and carrying away such Materials) to the Owners or Occupiers of such

, Grounds,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. ii; i*5

Grounds, where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame, or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads, shall be carried, as the said Trustees shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning fitch Payments and Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, on Ten Days Notice thereof in WritiAg being given by either Party to the other, or to be left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the‘Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justice shall be final and condusive to all Parties; but nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to empower the said Trustees or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to get, take, or carry away any Beach from or out of the Parish of Stonar, without paying or tendering the usual or accustomed Price of the same.

XLII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be Notice to be lawful for any Surveyor, or other Person or Persons under the Authority g«n to the of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away Materials formak- Lands before ing or repairing any of the said Roads, out of or from any inclosed Materials are Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, for*epatring shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Heads. Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees or Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor, or otheT Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to the said Trustees or such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse td appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended,

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whosoever penalties on shall take away any Materials which shall have been digged or gathered in taking away any Lands, Fields, Wafts, or Grounds, River, or Brook, for the Pur- ^n'gdtby pose of amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall order of the get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have Surv'3'or' been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

ILoc. ft? Per.] I i

5LIV, And

126

Surveyor* may make Drains, etc.

making rca-lonable Sutif-la&ion.

In case of any Difference the Justices of the Fence in Sessions to determine the same.

Surveyors may

remove

Annoyances.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. U.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall respectively appoint, by the Order of the said Trullees, to cut and make any Drains or Ditches through any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any of the said Roads, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge necessary and proper for amending or keeping in Repair any of the said Roads, and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Roads, (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock,-planted Walk, or Avenue to any House), to be made use of as a publick Highway, whild the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said several Roads are widening or repairing, and until the same shall be convenient and safe for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands respectively through which any such Drain shall be cut, or on or over which any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby fudain, as shall be adjudged by the said Trliftees; and in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and such Trustees, touching such Damage, then the Justices of the Peace at the Fird General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Kent, or for the Town and Port of Davor, or for the Town and Port of Sandwich, according to the Jurisdiction in which the Land shall lie, next after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Time of doing such Damage, shall and are hereby authorized and required to hear, settle, and determine the fame, and their Determination therein shall be final.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person and Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, (by Direction of the said Trustees, under their Hands), from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said several Roads by Rails, Steps, Sign Pods, or other Pods, and also by Filth, Dung, Allies, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains running into, along, or out of any of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the same as large and deep as he or they shall think proper, and to cleanse any Ditch or Watercourse next adjoining to any of the said Roads, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bullies growing in any of the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyance, or who ought to* remove the fame, or to cleanse such Ditch or Watercourse, or to cut down, lop, or top fudh Trees or Bullies, shall refuse or neglect so to do for the Space of "ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, signed by the said Trustees, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by the Person or Persons refusing or neglecting as aforesaid; and in case any such Person shall not, upon Demand, pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Didress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty inflicted by this Act; and if, after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every

127

41° GEORGII III. Cap. ir.

such Person shall, for every such Offence, over and above such Charges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hale or Penalty on draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, rhnh"fon any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon a the Ro»d». Wheel Carriage, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of such Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause Roads to be^ the said Roads to be measured, and Stones or Ports to be erefled upon or MUe stone* near the Sides thereof, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, *n<| Guide denoting the Distance of every such Stone or Port from any other Place er°*Jej°. b* or Places, as the said Trustees shall think fit, and also cause to be erected Guide Ports upon such Parts of the said Roads where the same are eroded or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person P«n»'iy °» shall wilfully break, throw down, injure, destroy, obliterate, or deface Mu/stone*. any of the Stones or Ports erected or to be erected on any of the said Roads, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed, or which shall be inscribed thereon, or wilfully break, throw down, or injure any of the Stones or Parapet Walls on the Sides of any of the Bridges or Arches on any of the said Roads, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Stone, Port, or Parapet Wall so broken, thrown down, injured, or destroyed, or on which any Letters, Figures, or Marks, shall be so obliterated or defaced, One Moiety whereof to go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty for shall wilfully injure, destroy, or otherwise hurt, or shall ride on, drive j££?>"tnb'he or lead any Horse or Carriage over or upon any Foot Path or causeway, upon the Side or Sides of any of the said Roads, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sutn not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Persons Law are liable to do Statute Work, or chargeable towards repairing and stiuftVwoik amending the Roads hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, to continue so! or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of just;«ttode-the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, or Town and Port strm "« Dlf-of Dcvor, or Town and Port of Seindwic/j, in their respective Jurisdic- tou'clung Stations, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application tute Work, made to them by the said Trustees, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said several Roads, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every

128

41° GEORGII III. Cap. ii.

such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Writing before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be so paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick. Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Ddys, and at such Times, (not being Hay Time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be sub- jest and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to, or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horl'es, Beast or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force nd Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refilled to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully i give

129

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

L. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall in the first place be paid and defrayed out of any Sunr or Sums of Money subscribed for the Purposes of this Act, or out of the Tolls col. ledled by virtue of this Act, or out of the First Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, and the Remainder of the Money so raised shall from Time to Time be applied in repaying the Monies borrowed by virtue of this Act, and the Interest thereof; and in carrying this Act into Execution.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by virtue of this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed), shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Kent, or for the said Town and Port of Dovor, or for the said Town and Port of Sandwich, where the Offence shall happen, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath), and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the Costs and Charges of making the Distress and Sale, and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied), shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor lei's than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who have subscribed to pay any Money towards making and repairing any of the said Roads, (Hall be and are hereby respectively required to pay their Subscription Money to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, at such Time or Times as shall be appointed by the said Trustees; and if any such Subscriber shall neglect or refute to pay such Money as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to Cue for and recover the fame by Action at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be brought by the Order of the said Trustees, against any Person or Persons by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the fame may be brought in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the said Trustees, on Behalf of the said Trustees; and no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in \_Loc. y Per.^ K k whole

Application of the Money.

Recovery and Application ot Penaltiei.

Power r-> compel P.iy. inent of Sub* feriprions.

Actions to be htonelit in the Names of 'lie Tera i rec

or Clerk, or One of ti e T: lifters.

130

Trea furers or Or* ks or othei Trustee, not liable to thw Payment of C Its.

Appeal.

Dirt refs not to lie unlawful f or Want of Foim.

Proceedings nm to be quaflieri for Want of Form, or re. wove aMe by Crtiora> $.

Plaintiffs not to recover af* ter Tender of Amends.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. u.

whose Name the same shall be brought; but no such Treasurer, Clerk, or Trudee, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Cods or Expences on Account thereof, but all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of Money arising by virtue of this Act.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think, himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the Fird or General Quarter Sedions of the Peace to be holden for the Eadern Division of the said County of Kent, or for the Town and Port of Dw, or for the Town and Port of Sandwich, (within which the Matter of Appeal shall arifd), next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having fird given Ten Days Notice at lead of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees; and the Justices in such Sedions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein as they shall judge proper; and such Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LV. And be it further enacted, That where any Didress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Patties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on Account of any De-fest or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Didress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor diall the Party or Parties dif-training be deemed a Trespasser or Trespaders ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so didraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning apy of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs diall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender diall have been

made,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. n. 131

made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall Limitations of be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursu- A<-tlon*-ance of this Act after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought, and tried in the County of Kent, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time Unfitted for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, ad- Publick A®, judged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without being specia/ly pleaded.

LX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Commence-take place on the Wednesday Fortnight after the passing thereof, and shall continuance be in force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty- of the Act. one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

Anno Quadragesimo Primo

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 12.

An Act

‘X ia; _ i

So r.i hi: i :.> vt s, uj nrasi :> t».i . j

4«AM V . ? LjUU-:". . JkG J

- i ... ' . s-r!i J. . i

pspssDOJd .; 7 [-J>J ft -^7]

3Atq ‘spy P!eJ 3tP josnuiA Xq jo ui paiuiodde sasytuxaqi sESJsqtt pay :umox p«®J sqi oj SuipE3( sproy ptEj sqj jo iu3ui33bub[,\ puB 3jb3 sqj joj pojuiodds3J3a\ s33ynjj_3iPJEd3jpv p^uonuiai jjfcjqoiqiftXq ’ucao^pwjoqtot 2utpvoj spvo-g 3V 01 to/VJou tv '‘pouotjuoui uisxoqt spvou uoqto puv ‘j-jpauing Jo faunop) oqt ut j3jBM3§pug Jo ucuoj, oqt ot Stttpv)} spvoy pouocuojSuuwdox uoj 'puoooo$ iqt oSuoop) 2ut)[ »tvp ujj jo u2p}j oqt jo xvoj puonj-Cfufqj, oqt ui spviu psjpsj '&V UD Jf° qJtm ojJo tuomoj oqt Sutjxon, puv 2umt[v pun oqt SuiSuvju) III '£>61 Mf&VW ‘psiniuui ‘XysfejAj jusjujd sipj jo udpy sip jo jes^ qui3»j ouijsj sqi ui psjjcd sem py ue se3J3i[a\ puy: Jsyaanojr) puv lajjujos Jo soijufiop) oqt ut ‘pouotjuom sgy pivj oqt ut tpvopq uoqto jvuonoJ puv ‘(Opijg puv J3y3Dno[£) Jo sotjtp) oqt tuoxj tpvopq jvxoaoJ Suipuotuv uojsy, jvuoaoJjvnytffo <pU» SMUl 2uu0putx puv Suipusuiv Uoj puv 5 J3|J3U)Og Jo (.tunoQ oqt Ut I3im II 'ood tl ‘a3pug Jo umoj, oqt ot Suipvoj spvoqq jvxotvj Suuwdou uoj y, tty a a ‘psimpui ‘puoDSS sqi oSuoof) Suiy XjplB^] sje[ spy jo uopy Jiquntsja gqj p JE3^ puo33j-Xjjiqx sip ui pSyed sem py ue SVatf3HX. W.

[io8i ]ujy pz ] umox prej sqj

oj SuipB3| sp'EO'jj prej sqj oj sjBpj spy prej sqj sb jBj Oj ‘psuoijusui upjsqj spro-g jsqjo puB ‘qsfadwog jo Xjuikq sqj ui aawctidSpuft jo umox 3lP OJ SuipB3| SpBO^I JBi3A3j SuuredsJ JOj ‘Xysfcj^ JU3J3id sih jo uSp-g sqj jo JB3X qjussjsuij^ aqj ui puB ‘puoaag aqj dSuosjj Xy3fej\T sjb[ sifj jo ugptf 3ljj jo jre3^puo33j-Xjirqx 3H5 W pqp^d ‘s^pyoAix jo

SJ3AV0J 3qj 3§JB|U3 pUB J3J|B pUB ‘UIJ3X 3qj JU3UJBIJ

-jbj jo uoiysg jxsu usqj 3qj jo pug aqj oj sousqj UlOJj puB ‘SJB3X 3UO-XjU3AVX JOj 3UUIJU03 OJ jpy uy

ZI '(fvj

♦ WHMS -

SI03H III II0H030

owi-ad owisaovaavnb onnv

13+

Acts further continued.

For discharp-ing the Tiuf-tees from the Care of a Part €‘f the Roads.

Penalty on Persons putting on or adding Hoi Its to Cair ages, with Intent to avoid Payment ot Toll.

134 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

proceeded to put the fame in Execution with respect to the said last-mena tioned Roads, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising thereon i which Money is {till due and owing, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effrdu-ally amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as the fame relate thereto, is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended, and some further Tolls granted may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, so far as the fame relate to the said Roads leading to the said Town of Bridgewater (except so much thereof as relates to the repairing of the Road herein-after described, and also except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), shall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Time herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect from the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term, and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due on the Credit or on Account of the said former Acts, or either of them, with respect to the said Roads, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act for the Use of the said Roads, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon.

II. And whereas it is expedient that a certain Part of the said Roads which leads from the Three Crosses in the Parish of Bridgewater, to the House commonly known by the Name of ‘The Crown in Spaxton, in the said County of Somerset, should be no longer repaired under the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts, and should ceale to be Paitof the Roads cont-prised therein, be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Road leading from the Three Crosses in the Parish of Bridgewater aforesaid, in the said recited Acts mentioned (being near a Place more commonly known by the Name of Geaje Pit in the said Parish of Bridgewater'), to the House commonly known by the Name of the Crown in Spaxton, in the said County of Somerset, shall ceale to be Part of the Roads included within the said Acts and this Act to all Intents and Purposes, and so much of the said Acts as relate thereto shall be and is hereby declared tobe repealed, and the Trustees of the said Roads shall be and are hereby discharged from any Care, Management, or Controul of the same.

III. And whereas by the said first recited Act a Penalty or Forfeiture is in.posed on any Person or Persons who shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Cattle from any Coach, Chariot, or other Carriage therein mentioned, with Intent to avoid paying any of the Tolls, or who shall leave or cause to be left upon or near any of the said Roads any Coach or other Carriage therein mentioned, with such Intent as aforesaid; but no Penalty is thereby imposed for putting on or adding any Horse or other Cattle to any Carriage therein mentioned, with Intent to avoid Payment of

*35

41° GEORGII III. Cap. t*.

the said T oils; be it therefore further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall put on or add any Horle or other Cattle to any Carriage, with Intenc to avoid Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, to be recovered and applied in such Manner"as directed by the said recited Act, for taking off any Horse or other Cattle from such Carriage or Carriages as therein mentioned.

IV. And whereas by the said last recited Act the Surveyor or Surveyors Lift of Statute of the Highways of each and every of the Towns, Parishes, Tythings, Dutjtoibe«-and Places in which the said Roads lie, are required to deliver to the said

Trustees true and perfect Lifts in Writing of the several Persons liable to do Statute Labour on the said Roads, as in the said Act particularly mentioned, but such Surveyors are not required to verify such Lifts on Oath; be it therefore enacted, That each and every Surveyor of the Highways who shall deliver to the said Trustees any such List or Lists as aforesaid, and as in the said Act more particularly mentioned, shall, and he is hereby required to verify such List or Lists on Oath, and which Oath the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and if any such Surveyor shall refuse to verify such List or Lists on Oath as aforesaid, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Two Pounds; any Thing in the said last recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That between the First Day of November Additional

in every Year, and the First Day of March in the succeeding Year, except tS'carria

in the Time of a hard Frost, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any

Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to demand and take or cause to be demanded and taken at each and every Gate

or Toll Bar erected or to be erected on the said Roads, an additional Toll

equal to One Half of the Toll there liable to be paid for every Horse or

other Beall of Draught (Two Oxen being considered equal to One Horse)

which shall be employed in drawing any Carriage laden with any Timber

Tree or Trees; and that Carriages employed in the Conveyance of Stone or Stones for any Purpose whatever within the said Period, except for the

Repairs of the said Roads, shall be liable to an additional Toll for every

Hoise or Bead of Draught (subject as aforesaid) employed therein,

equal to One Half of the additional Toll as above payable for Horses or

other Beasts of Draught drawing any Timber Tree or Trees whatever;

any Thing contained in the said recited Acts, or either of them, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Carts, Waggons, Carts, Wag. or other Carriages by the said recited Acts or this Act exempted from Toll, S°"s> and shall nevertheless be liable to the Penalty or Penalties, or additional Toll or "I,ftunia'ue Tolls for Overweight, as ordered or directed by the several Acts passed in toPenaities the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for the general Regulation of Turnpike Roads, employed in except such Carts, Waggons, or Carriages as shall be employed in Huf- Huitundry, bandry only, in carrying Manure for Land, Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Corn in the Straw, or other Produce of Land (except Timber) noc sold or disposed of.

136 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Directing VII, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for the Purpo-Wha(hSi"'* of Tolls, or of Allowance of additional Number of Horse*

entitled toW or ot^er Beasts of Draught, by virtue of any Law or Statute, the Sole or emptianfrom Bottom of the Wheels of each and every Waggon or Waggons, Carts, of To?]UC"on or Other Carriages, shall roll a flat or level Surface, or a Surface so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat or level Surface; and all and every Waggon or Waggons and other Carriages passing on the said Roads, or by any of the Weighing Engines now or hereafter to be erected thereon, the Wheels whereof shall not roll a level or flat Surface, or a Surface so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat or level Surface, shall be deemed as a Carriage or Carriages on Wheels rolling a Surface of less than Six Inches, and be liable to be weighed at any such Weighing Engine or Weighing Engines as any Waggon or Waggons, or other Carriage or Carriages on Wheels rolling a Surface of less than Six Inches, is or are now liable to be weighed at, and shall pay the same Toils at the fame Toll Gates or Weighing Engines respectively, as such Waggon or Waggons, or other Carriages on Wheels rolling a Surface of less than Six Inches, are now liable to pay by any Law or Statute of this Kingdom.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors appointed by the said Trustees, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, from Time to Time, without giving any previous Notice, to remove all such Earth, Trees, Roots of Trees, and other Things as shall suddenly or otherwise fink, fall, or be blown down from any Hedge, Wall, Bank, or Land, into or upon any Part of the said Roads, so as to narrow or obstrud the Passage thereof, and to remove the fame on any Waste Ground or convenient Place as near as conveniently may be therefrom, so as to be no Annoyance to Travellers; and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands from whence such Earth, Trees, Roots, or other Things shall so (lide, fall, or be blown down (the Charges of removing the lame to be ascertained and settled by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them) shall be reimbursed and paid to such Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered in case of Non-payment as Penalties are to be recovered by the said first recited Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall hold Four Meetulgs."'y Quarterly Meetings in every Year, on some Saturday, at such Times as the

laid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint, for the Purpose of examining, and shall then examine the Accounts of the Receipts and Expenditures of their Trull.

Exempting x. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken c ergy rom virtue of the said recired Acts or this Act, of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate going to or returning from his own Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners, or from any Persons going to or returning from their own Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worship upon Sundays, or any other Days on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, nor from any Person or Persons going to or returning from the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in either of the Parishes or Places in which arry Part of

Turnpike Surveyors to remove sudden Annoyances.

Trustees to

*37

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

the said Roids do lie; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary hereot notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, shall think proper to widen or alter the Course of that Part of the Roads which iies in the Parish of North Petherton, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers of and Persons interested in or entitled unto the several Hereditaments and Pre-miflfes in the said Parish herein-after particularly mentioned, for the Purchase thereof, or for making Recompence and Satisfaction for any Damage done thereto; (that is to lay), a Stable or Building belonging to and in the Occupation of Ann Coombs Widow; and also a certain Nursery, Plantation, or Piece of Ground, or foine Part or Parts thereof, adjoining to the said Road, belonging to Richard King and Ann Hock, or One of them, and in the Occupation of the said Richard King, or so much or such Part or Parts thereof respectively, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think nerefiary, and our of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, to pay for the fame, or so much thereof as shall he thought necessary as aforesaid; and in case the said Trustees and such Owner or Owners, and other Person or Persons as aforesaid, cannot agree touching such Compensation, or in case such Owner or Owners,

Person or Persons, is or are incapacitated, or unable to treat, contract, and agree as aforesaid, then the tame shall be settled and ascertained in such Manner as is directed by the said first recited Act with respect to Lands,

Grounds, and Hereditaments thereby authorized to be taken for the Purposes of the said Act; any Thing therein contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any or either of the above mentioned Premilfes, or any of the Persons in whose Poflef- >o prevent the fion or Occupation the fame, or any Part thereof, are or is stated or de- fh*e^on or feribrd to be, or the Owner or Owners thereof shall happen to be mif-

named or inaccurately described, such Mlihomeror inaccurate Description shall not prevent or retard the Execution of this Act, but the fame Premisses, and every Part thereof, shall and may be purchased, fold, conveyed, disposed of, and applied to and for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all lnrents and Purposes, as if the fame were more particularly named or described.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid lor any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or °.f Compena. used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act for the ce°cding',o»/. Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert,

Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex garte the Trustees for executing the said A. ts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred [£.«. (s’ Per.l Mm in Trustees to pull down Houses, &c. to widen the Rond in North Ptthtrfr*.

Misnomer not

138 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have beefi entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall au-authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affeifting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied then the lame shall be laid out and inyefted, under the like Direction and Ap* probation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, wich shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased# taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect} and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Applica ion thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entided to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Com'enfition f° agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchases'not ex fed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any fe6<th»n/ioir Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be figr.ified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money

Monc 'u'icf asreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than

thanio^ Twenty Pounds, then and in ah such Cases the lame shall be applied to the

*39

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land* or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and TrustewtotW be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance Stm'eof* of the said recited Acts and this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or r ifrk or Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought Treasurer.

or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees* in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, nor by the Act of any such Clerk or Treasurer without the Consent of the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action.

XVII. Provided always, That every such Clerk or Treasurer, in whose clerk dr Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended TreasureMo in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid, out of the Expence. fitft Money to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act after

such Action or Suit shall be commenced or discontinued, all such Costs,

Charg rs, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he shall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plain, tiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

XVIII. And whereas Offences may be committed against the said re- p0r fceorin? cited Acts or this Act by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, fra^jent of* or other Officers appointed to put the said Acts and this Act in Execution; eudeiS-

be ic therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or ocher Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as they or any of theth shall call to their or any of their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any tuch unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace of the County and near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so Sffending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next General Quarter Session to be hclden within and for the County of Somerset, to answer the said Complaint, and the Justices present at such Session, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Session as aforesaid, it shall be lawful fur such Justicfe or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or H< ureof Correction of the same County, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, or

until

14°

For paying the Expences of this Act.

Publick A a.

Terra of the Act.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

until he, she, or they Hull sooner pay the respective Penalties by hi.r., hert nr them incurred, for such-Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That out of any Monies already raised by virtue of the said former Acts, or our of the first Monies to be raised by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, the said 'Fruiters, or any Five or more of them, shall in the first Place pay and defiay all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and paili-.g of this Act; and alter Payment ihereof, the Remainder of such Monies, shall from Time to Time be applied in such Manner as is directed by the said recited Acts.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine, and that the said Acts (subject to the Alterations, Additions, and Amendments herein contained) and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 13.

An Act to continue the Term, and aiter and amend the Powers of Three Acts, passed in the First, Second, and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge in West Knoylei and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts.

[2d April 1801.]

[Lee. £sf Per.]

Nn

WHEREAS

14-2

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 13

[Preamble.]

1 Gem Ilf,

2 Geo. III. and

10 Geo. III. recited.

S iH Afla farther continued.

WHEREAS an Act was passed, in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytelbury, and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the Parish of Urlhfont, to the Mile Stone at the Western End of Fisherton Street, in the County of Wilts: And whereas another Act was passed, in the Second Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, for rendering more effectual the said Act: And whereas another Act was passed, in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Two several Acts: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which are still due and owing, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued; and it is requisite that some of the Powers and Provisions thereof should be altered and amended: And whereas the Road leading from a Place called The Four Corners, in the Town of Wilton, through a Square called King/bury Square, in the said Town of Wilton, to the Turnpike Road leading from Fisherton aforesaid, to a Place called Bur-don’s Ball Bridge, is out of Repair, and cannot be sufficiently amended, improved, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law, and it would be a Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of publick Utility, if Powers u'ere given for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Piece of Road: )vlay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) shall be and are hereby further continued, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned; and the said recited Acts, and all the Powers and Provisions therein contained, shall immediately on the passing hereof extend to and be executed as well for the Purpose of amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Roads therein mentioned, as for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair the said additional Road herein-before mentioned and described, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said recited Acts, and the several Powers and Provisions therein contained, were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and the said additional Road had been originally included in and made Part of the Roads directed to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by the said recited Acts, any or either of them, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect immediately upon the passing of this Act; and this Act and the additional Term hereby granted^ shall be

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 143

be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said former Acts, any or either of them, or which shall be borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That James Ames, Thomas Barnard Additional Clerk, William Lijle Bowles Clerk, William Benett, William Bayley Trustees of Bishopjlrow, John Barnard, Charles Bowles, isaac Bennett, Joseph Bradley, William Buller, James Chifman, Christopher Crowch, Thomas

Davis the younger, Harry Ford, Edward Frowd, Thomas Grove the younger, Robert Grayley, William Helyar the younger, Joseph Hayward,

William Harding, Christopher Ingram, James jukes, Henry Linton Doctor in Divinity, Daniel Lambert, John Lujh, William Lawes, Thomas Mujfel, George Newman, Henry Newman, John Newman of Notton,

John Saville Ogle Clerk, Edward Foie Doctor in Divinity, Thomas Pre-vojl Clerk, Thomas Penruddocke, Francis Powell, John Phelps, William Phelps, Thomas Perrior, John Rogers, Joel Rowden, Robert Rumsey,

Samuel Randall, Henry Seymour the younger, Thomas Stockwe/l Clerk,

William Seagrim, John Swayne, Edward Spier, James Sidford, Edward Seymour Clerk, Thomas Tatum, James Turner, William Tamlyn, Heath-cote Wyndham Clerk, Henry Wake Clerk, George Wyndham, Provis Wickham, William Whitmarsh, and William White, shall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said former Acts, any or either of them, for putting the fame and this Act in Execution; and the Trustees herein nominated, and their Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Act of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed by the said former Acts, any or either of them.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll Carriage*

shall be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Cattle or Car- laden wi,h , r J Manure ex-

nage laden only with, or going empty or unladen for, or return- empt from

ing empty or unladen after having been laden only with Dung, To'!-

Mould, Comport, or other Manure, of what Nature or Kind soever,

to be used in manuring or improving of I.and; any Thing in the said recited Acts, any or either of them, to the contrary nothwith-

standing.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be Carriage* demanded or taken at the Turnpike Gate erected near the Priory at wood'from Wilton aforesaid, for or in respect of any Cattle or Carriage laden only Grwd, Wood, with, or going empty or unladen for, or returning empty or unladen

alter having been laden only with Wood, from Grovdey Wood, for the pairing Roadi, Use of any of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wilton, or which shall be laden only with, or going empty or unladen for, or returning empty or priory Gate, unladen after having been laden only with Materials to be used for re-. ' pairing

144

Tiuft c: not t '<Jflt down 'J'rtre* cn cither Side of the Ko *d lea ling from the Four Cornets at U'itton, to the Road from Hjherton to J'ur, Ion's Hall bridge.

Application <»f Cniptn-fitio.n Money where exceeding aoo A

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

pairing any of the Roads within the Parish of Wilton, provided such Cattle and Carriages pass through a Road or Lane called Back Ditchamp-ton, branching out of the Turnpike Road near the said Priory at Wilton, and leading towards the Parish of IViJhford; any Thing in the said recited Acts, any or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trullees, or any or either of them, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of them, to cut down or cause to be cut down any of the Trees now Handing on either Side of the said Road leading from the Four Corners at Wilton through Kingsbury Square, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Fisherton to Burdon’s Ball Bridge; any Thing in the said recited Acts, any or either of them, contained, or any other Law or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disabilky or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particulatly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or uled as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three

6 Pound*

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. ,4S.

bounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Pur poles aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Perfort or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were niade.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any

Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, compenfotkm or other Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or a id aoovc 20 Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such *jN>llcwon Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, w thjm shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the *. fame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would

for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds* or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and For paying Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid and discharged by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of any Money which hath arisen by virtue of [Lee. ttf Per.] 0 o the

146

Declaring the Act Publick.

F xing the Term oi the Act.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

the said former Acts, any or either of them, or out of the first Money which shall arise, by virtue thereof and of this Act, in Preference to all

other Payments whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whom-lbever, without specially pleading the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall, upon the passing hereof, cease and determine; and that the said Acts and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 14.

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapjion, to Wellingborough^ the County of Northampton, and for repairing and widening several other Roads near or adjoining thereto.

[2d April 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Twenty-seventh Year of preamble.

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, inti- Gltm u> tuled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City and of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapston, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, whereby certain Tolls, Powers, and Authorities were given and granted for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Road , and which Ait was to have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then nextSeftion of Parliament: And whereas another Ait was made ij Gee III, in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlar- reciled' ging the Term and Powers of the said recited Act; and for repairing and widening several other Roads therein-mentioned: And whereas the Trustees acting in the Execution of the said Acts-have borrowed, upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, several considerable Sums of Money, which, with an Arrear of Interest, now remain due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts (which is near expiring) be further continued, the Tolls increased, and l'orne of the Provisions thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Term granted by the said recited Acts shall be repealed; and that the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Additional Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things Erant" therein contained, (except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and also such as relate to Exemption from Stamp-Duties), shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and, together with this present Act, shall be put in Execution for the several {Lot Of Perl} P p Purposes

15©

Additions!

Trustees.

Discontinuing former Tolls and granting new ones.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

Purposes thereby and hereby intended, for and daring the Term hereinafter granted, as fully and effectually in all Respects, and tp all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this prefenc Act; which said Term, hereby

?ranted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the ayment of all Monies now due on each Branch of the said Roads respectively, on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or which shall or may be hereafter borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts and of this Act, and all Interest due and to become dye for th^ fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Charles Scott, commonly called Earl of Dalkeith, John Austin, William /Men, the Reverend Henry Bailey and Thomas Henry Bullen Clerks, Miles Berkeley, Rowland Berkeley, John Balderston, John Brown, Thomas Bates,

Henry Crofts the younger, John Chambers the younger, Thomas_ Compton,

John Compton, Thomas Cooper, Edward Carr, Francis George Dickens, William Somerset Dolben, the Reverend James Devie, Stephen Eaton, George Edmunds,

John Earl, Robert Fowler the elder, the Reverend Septimus Hodson, John Heathcote, William Helley, Richard William Hetley, George Hare, John Hicks,

Edward Holditch, Matthew Easton Jones, the Reverend Charles' lfhetn,

William Johnson, the Reverend Henry Ryder Knapp, George Francis Lynn,

George Maxwell, Richard Maydmll, the Reverend Edward Lockwood May-duck, the Reverend John Mulfo, Thomas Mewburn, Thomas Martin, John Mould, John Males, Henry Hoyle Oddie, the Honourable Littleton Powys, the Honourable Proby, commonly called Lord Proby,

Granville Leuefon Proby, John Proby, Elmer Pywell, John Pitts, the Reverend William Robinson, Samuel Roberts, the Reverend Charles Stewart,

William Squire, John Smith, John Southwell, William Southwell, the Reverend Francis Tennant and Thomas Thompson Clerks, Henry Thornton, the Reverend William Wright, John Webster, Daniel Webjler, Robert Wright, Daniel Torke, John Torke, and James Torke, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the surviving and remaining Trustees appointed in or elected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them; and that the said several Persons herein-before named, together with those who were appointed or elected Trustees in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, (being qualified as in the said recited Acts are mentioned), shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees to put the said recited Acts and (his Act into Execution, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed by the said recited Acts, or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, the several Tolls and Duties granted in and by the said recited Acts, or either of them, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that in lieu and instead thereof the respective Tolls or Duties following shall be demanded and taken, before any Horse or other Beast or Cattle, or any Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Gate erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, upon and across any of the said Roads, or upon and across any Lane or Way leading into the fame; (that is to say)

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalb, Chaise, Chair,

Caravan, Hoarse, or Litter, drawn by more than Two Horses or other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses or other Cattle, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by One Horse or other Cattle, the Sum of Sixpence:

For

4i®> GEORGII III. Cap. 14. i£f

For each Horse or other Cattle drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart,

Caravan, or such other Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Four-pence:

For each Horse or other Cattle drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart,

Caravan, or such other Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every loaded Cart or other Carriage fixed or fattened to any Stage-Waggon or other Carriage, the Sum of One Shilling, and if empty or wholly unloaded, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny

For every Drove of Oxen or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hog', Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-

pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts of ^much of the Twenty-seventh Year of His late Majesty, and the Thirteenth Year Exemp'tfon, of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relate to the Exemptions thereby

granted to the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes of Thorpe, Achurch, JJj. "rept Ashton, Overton Longville, Overton Waterville, and Thingdon, in the said Acts particularly mentioned, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Inha- Trustees em-bitants of any Parish through which any Part of the said Roads lead,

and in or near which any Turnpike-Gate is or shall be erected or set up, the jnhibit-shall be desirous of contracting and agreeing with the said Trustees, at p"*nrot,s their own Expence to repair and amend so much of the said Roads as lie 0t repairing within such Parish, in Consideration of the Inhabitants thereof being ofti‘e

exempt from the Payment of Tolls at any such Turnpike Gate, and of wjjhin*he'e such their Desire, shall give Notice to the said Trustees, or any Seven or fame, more of them, at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, such Notice to be in Writing, and signed by the major Part of the Inhabitants liable to the Performance of Statute Duty, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at such Meeting or at any subsequent Meeting, if they shall think fit so to do, to contract and agree with such Inhabitants accordingly; and that the Inhabitants of any Parish, so contracting as aforesaid, shall not be subject or liable to the Payment of Toll at any Turnpike Gate erected or to be ereCled or set up in or near such Parish, for and during so long Time as they shall, at their own Expence, maintain, repair, and amend, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, so much of the said Roads as lie within the Parish, the Inhabitants whereof shall so contract as aforesaid.

VI. And whereas by the said first recited Act the Trustees thereby Trustees era-appointed were empowered to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money as UJj"er^a,f^r they or any Seven or more of them should think needful, not exceeding, th" Sum, and in the Whole Five thousand Pounds, but they were by the said Act to incre.iethe restrained from paying a higher Rate of Interest than Four Pounds Ten intertl Shillings per Centum per Annum (or the fame; be it therefore further cnact-

ed, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held pursuant to the Directions of the said first recited Act, to borrow any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds in the Whole, (including so much of the said Five thousand Pounds as yet remains unborrowed

under

IS* 41° GEORGjII III. Cap. 14.

tinder the Authority of the said first recited Act), and to pay Interest for the fame at any Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum \ One Moiety of which Sum shall he borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls rising upon the General Branch of the said Roads, and the other Moiety thereof in equal Proportions on the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the Elton and Clapton Branches respectively, any Thing in the said recited Acts or either of them contained to the contrary thereof in anywise n >twith-Handing; which Sum or Sums so to be borrowed, or so much thereof as may be necessary, shall, in the first Place, be applied in defraying the Expences of procuring and passing this present Act, and the Kefidue thereof shall be applied in such Proportions as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct, in repairing the particular Branch of the said Roads on which the Whole or any Part of the said Sum of Two thousand Pounds shall be borrowed, and paying the Arrears of Interest due thereon, and in no other Manner whatsoever.

Mtetin^of16

VII. And be it further enacted, That Quarterly Meetings of the said Uie'Trustets. Trustees shall be held at Ound/e, or such other Place as the said 1 rustees, or any Five of them, shall, from Time to Time, appoint, on the Second Monday in the Months of Janua y, April, and July, and the Third Men-day in the Month of Ofleber, in every Year, for the Purpose of passing the Treasurer’s Accounts; and that an annual Meeting of the said Trustees shall be held every Year at Oundle, on the Sixth Day of May, unless that shall happen on a Sunday, and then on the next Day, and that no other Meetings (except for letting the Tolls to Farm) shall be held but for the Purpose of electing Officers in case of Vacancy, or for other special and extraordinary Occasions, and that Notice shall be given of such extraordinary Meetings upon the several Toll Gates on the said Roads, and in The Northampton Mercury and Cambridge Chronicle, Ten Days at lead before the Time of holding any such extraordinary Meeting, under the Hands of Five Trustees, which Notice shall express the special Purpose for which such Meeting shall be called.

For paying

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of oi'*the Act" obtaining and passing this Act shall be paid in the Proportions following;

(that is to say), One Moiety thereof out of the Tolls arising upon the General Branch of the said Roads, or the Money to be borrowed thereon; and the other Moiety thereof in equal Proportions out of the Tolls to be collected upon the Elton and Clapton Branches of the said Roads, or the Money to be borrowed thereon respectively.

[Publick Act.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to bea Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without (jpecially pleading the lame.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place upon the Eleventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and one, and shall continue in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Commencement and Continuance of the Ait.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 15.

An Act for enlarging the Powers or Authorities given by an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An

AEl for the Enfranchisement of Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcel of- the Manor of Arundel and other Manors, entailed by the Act of Parliament of the Third of Charles the First, and for the Sale of Tythes, also entailed by the said Act, in order to facilitate the Sale of the Tythes therein mentioned.

[2d April x8oi.]

[Preamble.]

X ~W THEREAS, by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Third

%/%/ Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the First, ind-» tuled, An Act concerning the Title, Name, and Dignity of Earl of 3 Car- * ^ Arundel, and for annexing of the Castle, Honour, Manors, and Lordships I'c’oftle,2 of Arundel, in the County o/"Sussex, with the Titles mid Dignities of the Honow.and Baronies of Fitz-Allen, Clun Oswaldftree, and Maltravers, and with TuiUf’cstc. divers other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments herein-after in this Act flioutd b- let. mentioned, being now Parcel of the Possessions of Thomas Karl of Arundel

\LoC. & Per.~\ and and Surrey, itt-

*54

41° GEORGII III. Cap. i$.

and Surrey, Earl Marshal of England, to the fame Title, Name, and Dignity of Earl of Arundel, it was enacted (among other Things), that the said Castle, Honor, and Lordship of Arundel, and the Borough and Manor of Arundel aforesaid, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof, and the Rectories of Arundel and Ruflington, and several other Manors, Redories, Lands, Tenements, Messuages, and other Hereditaments, situate in the said County of Sussex; and the Rectories of North and South Haling, in the County of Southampton, and several other Hereditaments in the said County therein particularly mentioned, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof, should for ever, by virtue of the said Act, be and remain estated, conveyed, allured, limited, and settled to Thomas Earl of Arundel and Surrey, and the Heirs Male of his Body lawfully begotten, and to be begotten; and, for Default of such Hue, then to the Heirs of the Body of the said Earl, lawfully begotten or to be begotten; and for Default of such Hue, to the Right Honourable the Lord William Howard, Uncle of the said Earl, and Son of the Right Noble Prince Thomas, then late Duke of Norfolk, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord William Howard, lawfully begotten and to be begotten; and, for Default of such Hue, to the Heirs of the Body of the said Lord William Howard lawfully begotten; and, for Default of such Hue, to the said Thomas Earl of Arundel and Surrey, and his Heirs for ever: And it was further enacted, That neither the said Thomas Earl of Arundel and Surrey, nor any of the Heirs Male or other Heirs of his Body, nor any other Person or Persons, his or their Heirs Male of his or their Bodies iflfuing, to whom any Estate of Inheritance, of or in the Premises, or any Part thereof, should come, defeend, or accrue, by force or means of the said Act, should thereafter alien, give, grant, bargain, and fell, or otherwise convey away any of the said Castles, Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and hereditaments, or any other the Premises, or any Part thereof, or any other Thing do, which should or might be to the Disherison of the Heirs inheritable by force of the said Act, or of any of them in the Remainder as aforesaid respectively, or whereby any of them should be barred or put from Entry into the Premises: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His 37 Cto. in, present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the En-rcoting that franchisement of Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcel of the: Manor of o^Nrrjttk’n Arundel, and other Manors, entailed by the Act of Parliament of the Third Heii Mile of of Charles the First, and for the Sale of Tythes, also entailed by the said Act, rfinStfud reciting the said first-mentioned Act; and that the most Noble Charles Sumy, Duke of Norfolk, Hereditary Earl Marshal of England, was Heir Male of the Body of the said Thomas Earl of Arundel and Surrey, and as such, by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said recited Act, was in Posseffioo of the several Estates entailed thereby: And also reciting (among!! other Things), that within the said several Parishes of Arundel, Rufingtofl, and North and South Haling, there were considerable (Quantities of Land not comprised in, or entailed by the said first in Part recited Act; and that the fame were liable to pay Tythe to the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, and the Persons entitled for the Time being to the Estates entailed by the said Act, as Lay Impropriators of the said Rectories of Arundel, Rujlington, and North and South Haling: And further reciting, that there waj great Real'on to believe the Owners of the Lands liable to the Payment of Tythes would pay a considerable Price for the Purchase of the Tythes

issuing

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 15. 155

issuing out of, or payable in respect of their respecti veLandi j and that it would be for the Advantage of the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, and all other Persons claiming under the said first recited Act, that the Copyhold or Customary Estates therein mentioned should be enfranchised, and the said Tythes fold, and the Money answering the reby laid out'and inverted in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, intermixed with, or contiguous to the Ertates entailed by the said first recited Act, and settled to the Uses thereof: It was (amongst other Things) enacted, and Power That it should and might be lawful to and for the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, during his Life and after his Decease, to and for such Person I'ythei he. or Persons as for the Time being should, by virtue of the Limitations K"c^o"fr'°0fie contained in the said first recited Act, be seised or entitled to the said Arumtit, Vc. impropriate Rectories of Arundel, Rujlington, and North and South Haling £*r* respectively, from Time to Time, and at any Time, upon such Price or »ho hire de-’ Consideration in Money as the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, or the Person or Persons so entitled for the Time being as aforesaid, should think reasonable; being paid as therein and herein-after is mentioned, by any Deed or Deeds, to be sealed and delivered by him or them respectively, in the Presence of, and atrested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to make Sale and dispose of, grant, release, or convey all and every, or any of the Tythes or Tenths, Oblations, Obventions, Offerings, Payments,

Dues, and other Rights or Benefits whatsoever of, or to which the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, or the Person or Persons claiming, under the said first in Part recited Act, should for the Time being, under the Limitations of the same Act, be entitled as Lay Impropriators of the said Rectories of Arundel, Rujlington, North and South Haling, respectively, or any of them; and the absolute Inheritance thereof in Fee Simple, to the Person or Persons who for the Time being, should be seised or entitled for any Estate or Interest whatsoever of or to the Lands or Hereditaments within, or out of which, or any Part of which, the fame did or should arise, grow, issue, increase, or renew, for such Price or Prices, in Money, as to him the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, or other the Person or Persons entitled, for the Time being, to the Ertates entailed by the said first recited Act should seem meet: And it was further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person to whom the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, and other the Person or Persons so for the Time being entitled as aforesaid, should fell, dispose of, grant, release, and convey the said Tythes, Tenths, Oblations, Obventions,

Offerings, Payments, Dues, Rights, and Benefits respectively, or any of them; and the Heirs and AJTtgns of such Person or Persons, should hold and enjoy the Preraifes so to be sold, disposed of, granted, released, and conveyed to them respectively as aforesaid, absolutely freed and discharged of and from the Uses, Intents, Purposes, and Limitations, expressed or contained in the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the First: And it was thereby further enacted, That the Money arising by the Enfranchisement or Enfranchisemepts, therebyauthorized to be made, and by the said Sale or Sales which should be made in pursuance thereof, should be paid, by the Person or Persons to or in whose Favour such Enfranchisement or Enfranchisements, Sale or Sales, should be made, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be' placed to his Account there, ex parte the Person or Persons paying the fame, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the

Twelfth

41° GEORGII III. Cap. is-

Twelfth Year of King Gtarjcthe First, Chapter Thirty second.and the Gene-ral Otders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-fourth, and so soon as conveniently might be, after the fame should have been so paid as aforesaid, should (under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery), be laid out and inverted in the Purchase of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as are therein mentioned, which should be conveyed, settled, and afiured to the Uses upon and for the Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Limitations, and Reitricfions, which by the said first in Part recited Act were limited or declared of or concerning the said Caf-tle of Arundel, and the other Estates thereby settled, or such and so many of them as should be then subsisting undetermined, and capable of taking Effect: And also, That in the mean Time, and until a proper Purchase or properPurchafescould be found, whereupon such Money should be laid out, the Money so paid into the Bank as aforesaid should be by the said Accountant General laid out in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the same as they should be respectively paid off by Government, should be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant-General, in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills; all which said Navy and Victualling Bills, and Exchequer Bills, should be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and should there remain until, on a proper Purchase or Purchases being made, as therein-before was mentioned, the fame should be-ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General, for the completing of such Purchase or Purchases: And whereas the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, being defirou3 of felling and disposing of some con-iklerable Parts of the Tythes authorized to be sold by the said last recited Act of Parliament, under or in pursuance and according to the Tenor of the Power thereby given to him for that Purpose, hath caused Applications to be made to many of the Owners of, and Persons interested in, the Lands or Hereditaments liable to the Payment of such Tythes, and to whom only or in whose Favour the Sale and Conveyance thereof is restricted or confined by the said last recited Act of Parliament; but such Owners and Persons interested have been either unable or unwilling to purchase the fame ' And whereas several other Persons not seised or entitled of or to the Lands or Hereditaments, within or out of which the same are arising, growing, issuing, increasing, or renewing, have applied to the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, and offered and are desirous to purchase divers considerable Parts of the said Tythes, at or for such Price or Prices as appear to be reasonable and advantageous; but no effectual Sale or Conveyance thereof can be made to or in favour of such last mentioned Persons under or by virtue of the said last recited Act of Parliament; and it would be manifestly for the Benefit of the said Charles Duke of Norfolk; and all other Persons claiming under the said first herein-before in Part recited Act, if, by the further Aid and Authority of Parliament, he and they was and were empowered to fell, convey, and dispose of all or any Part or Parts of the Tythes entailed by the same Act, unto any Person or Persons who is, are, or may be willing or desirous to purchase the fame: "Wherefore, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subject, the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, doth inofthumbly beseech Your most Excellent Majesty

157

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said ThtJ?"'re of Charles Duke of Norfolk, during his Life, and after his Decease, to and for p "fr cj'"u such Person or Persons as shall, for the Time being, by virtueofand according to the Limitations in the said first recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the First, be seised of or entitled to oi Arundel, the said Impropriate Rectories of Arundel, Ruflington, and North and p*17ons'»rhat. South Haling respectively, from Time to Time, and at any Time or 'limes, evu-upon such Price and Consideration, in Money, as he or they shall think reasonable, being paid or secured in the Manner herein-after mentioned or directed, by any Deed or Deeds, to be sealed and delivered by him or them respectively, in the Presence of, and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to make Sale and dispose of, grant, release, or convey, all and every or any of the Tithes or Tenths, Oblations, Obventions,

Offerings, Payments, Dues, and other Rights or Benefits whatsoever, of or to which the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, or the Person or Persons claiming under the said last mentioned Act, shall, for the Time being, under the Limitations of the same Act, be entitled as Lay Impropriators of the said Rectories of Arundel, Ruflington, North and South Haling respectively, or any of them, and the absolute Inheritance thereof, in Fee Simple, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are. or shall or may be willing or desirous to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or unto and to the Use of such other Person or Persons, and in such Way and Manner as such Purchaser or Purchasers shall in that Behalf direct or appoint, at or for such Price or Prices, in Money, as to him the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, or other the Person or Persons entitled, for the Time being, to the Estates entailed by the said last mentioned Act,

/hall seem meet: And that all and every Person and Pei foils to whom or in whose Favour the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, and other the Person or Persons so for the Time being entitled as aforesaid, shall fell, dispose of, grant, release, and convey the said Tythes, Tenths, Oblations, Obventions, Offerings, Payments, Dues, Rights, and Benefits respectively, or any of them, and the Heirs, Appointees, and Assigns of such Person or Persons, shall hold and enjoy the Premises so to be sold, disposed of, granted, released, and conveyed to them respectively as aforesaid, absolutely freed and discharged of and from the Uses, Intents, Purposes, and Limitations expressed or contained in the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the First; any Thing in the said Act of Parliament of the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not-, withstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, Application of That the Money to arise by or from the Sale or Sales which shall be made ^n^'hich in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid by the Person or Persons to or in Sale.8 Vhofe Favour such Sale or Sales shall be so made as aforesaid, into the Bank of England, and shall (subject to the Payment of the Costs and Expences herein-after mentioned) be laid out, applied, and disposed of in such and the fame Way and Manner, and to and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as in and by the before-recited Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, are mentioned, directed, or [Lee. Of Per.] R r declared

158 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

declared, touching or concerning the Payment, Application, and Disposition of the Money to arite by or from the Enfranchisement or F.rffranchisements, Sale o-Sales, so thereby authorized to be made as aforesaid; and also, that the Certificate or Certificates of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, together with the Receipt or Receipts of one of the Cashiers of the Bank, of or for the Payment into the Bank by the Purchaser or Purchasers of any Part or Parts of the T) thes, Hereditaments, and Premises by this Act authorized to be sold, of hii, her, or their Purchase Money or Purchase Monies, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall, from Time to Time, be good and effectual Discharges to such Purchasers and to their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the said Purchase Monies, or so much thereof for which such Certificates and Receipts shall be so given and obtained; and such Purchasers shall be aceon ingly acquitted and discharged of and from the same Monies, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application thereof.

Purchase Mo* ncy may I c received in Part, ?nii the Refi iue fe ei r.'d by Mortgage.

III. And inasmuch as, by Reason of the present Scarcity of Money, it may be inconvenient to some or one of the Purchasers of the said Tythes, hereby authorized to be sold, or some Part or Parts thereof, to pay the Whole of the Price or Consideration Money, by him, her, or them, offered or agreed to be given for the Purchase thereof, although he, she, or they may be able and willing immediately to pay down a considerable Part of such Money, and desirous to secure the Payment of the Residue thereof, by Way of Mortage, as herein-after is mentioned; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, and other the Person or Persons, so for the Time being entitled as aforesaid, under or by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said fird herein-before recited Act, and he and they is and are hereby empowered, in case it shall leem adviseable to him or them so to do, to fell, dispose of, and convey the said Tythes and Premises, so by this Act authorized to be sold as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, to any such last-mentioned Purchaser or Purchasers, in Fee Simple or to such Uses and for such Intents and Purposes as he, she, or they shall direct or appoint, notwithstanding such Purchaser or Purchasers shall not then have paid the Whole of the Money agreed to be given or paid for the Purchase of the Tythes and Premises so to be sold, disposed of, and conveyed, as lad is mentioned, in as full, ample, and effectual a Way and Manner as if the Whole of such Purchase Money had been then paid into the Bank of England pursuant to the Directions of this Act: Provided nevertheless, That at the Time of, or immediately before the Execution of such Conveyance, One Half Part or more of the full Money agreed to be given or paid for the Purchase of the Tythes and Premises to be thereby conveyed or allured shall be paid by the Purchaser or Purchasers, to be therein named, into the Bank of England, according to the Directions of this Act; and that the Tythes and Premises to be comprised in such Deed of Conveyance shall, in the fird Place, be thereby limited or allured to the Use of the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, or of the Person or Persons who, for the Time being, shall be lo entitled as aforesaid for a long Term of Years, by Way of Mortgage, for securing the Payment, by the Purchaser or Purchasers to be therein named, or his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, into the Bank of England, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, in the 6 Manner

*59

41° GEORGII III. Cap. is.

Manner and for the Purposes herein before mentioned and directed, of the Residue of the Money for which the Tythesand Premises to be thereby conveyed and assured shall have been sold or disposed of, either at One Payment or by Instalments within a Time not exceeding Three Years from the Execution of such Conveyance; and also for securing the Payment to and for the Benefit of the said Chari: Duke of Norfolk, or the Person or Persons who, for the Time being, shall be so entitled as aforesaid, of the Interest by half-yearly Payments, and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, of such Residue of the said Purchase Money, or of so much thereof as for the Time being shall not have been so paid into the Bank as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Exprnresof Chancery, and such Court is hereby required, upon Petition, in a summary

Way, to make One or more Order or Orders for taxing and settling the A'tof }y G:a. Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing the said in part recited Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- tkAythe' jesty, and also this present Act, and of the several Applications to be Cf>urI of made to the said Court, in pursuance thereof respectivi ly; and also the a!"eT> Costs attending, or incident to the making of any Enfranchisement or Enfranchisements, or Sale or Sales, under or by virtue of the fame Acts or either of them; and of taking out and inverting, in a Purchase or Purchases, all or any of the Monies paid or to be paid into the Bank of England, pursuant to the Directions therein and herein respectively contained; and for the Payment of all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, out of the said Monies, or out of the Monies arising, by Sale of the Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, to be so purchased as herein-before is recited.

V. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Gen.nl Successors, and to all and every other Persons or Person, Bodies Poli- 5a,ins-tick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the said Charles Duke of Norfolk,

and all and every the Person and Persons claiming, or to claim under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the First), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest,

Benefit, Property, Possession, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, either at Law or in Equity, of, in, to, upon, from, or out of the fame several Tythes and Hereditaments, hereby made saleable, or any of them, or any Part thereof, as they, every, or any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons are hereby required to take Notice of it as such, without specialljj pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 16.

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Tweilty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand-and-Post in Upton Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford, to a Place in the Parish of Preston, in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy.

[18th April 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the preamble. Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act fen repairing and widening the Read from the Hand- ,sc«. Ir, end-Post in Upton Field, in the I'arish of Burford, in the County of Ox- and ford, through the [ever?I Fa'i/bes within mentioned, to a Place in the Parish of Preston, in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy’s Fancy: And J0 Gn. til. whereas another Act was passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of retittd. [Iw. Eif PerS f His

i62

Acts further ejutiiured.

Additional Trustees.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said recited Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, have proceeded to put the fame in Exectition, and have for that Purpose borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts, which is llill due and owing, and cannot be paid oft", nor the said Road effectually amended, improveo, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls authorized to be taken by the said first recited Act increased -, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord’s Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clau-fes. Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) shall be, and are hereby further continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effecc immediately upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term, and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due on the Credit or on Account of the said recited Aers, or either of them, or which shall or may be borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts and this Acc for the Use of the said Road, and the lntcrclt due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Honourable George Cranfield Berkeley, Sir Thomas Crawley Boevy Baronet, John Anfell, John Raymond Barker, Daniel Barker, Thomas Barker, Charles Barker, Frederick Barker, Edward Barker, Michael Hicks Beach, Michael Hicks Beach the Younger, John Brown, John Broad, John Bateman, John Bagnall, Thomas Crrjfwell, Richard Crrjfwell, Charles Coxwell the Younger, Clerk, John Coxwell, Thomas Tracy Coxwell, Joseph Cripps the Younger, Henry Cripps, John Cripps, Pye Chevajfe, Robert Clarke Cafwall Clerk, George Clarke Clerk, James Fielder Croome, William Crocme the Younger, Robert Croome the Younger, John Croome, James Chapman, the Honourable John Dutton, Thomas Vernon Dolphin, Robert Davies Clerk, John Elwes, John Edmonds, John Frances Clerk, Sir Berkeley William Guise Baroner, Benjamin Grifdale Clerk, Charles Greenaway, William Hicks, Richard Howes, John Howes Clerk, Herman Howes, Thomas Harden, James Hare Clerk, William Hinton, William Hall the Younger, Giles Hall, Thomas Hunt, Thomas Huntley Thomas Jenkins, George IIIingsworth Clerk, Thomas Jones, John Kenn, John Langston, John Lenthall, William Lawrence, Thomas Maule, James Muf-grave the Younger, William Augustus Mujgrave, Daniel Masters, Thomas Masters, John Masters, Thomas Minchin, John Millington, William Matthews Clerk, George Nejon C ei k, John Pinnell, Joseph Pitt, Cornelius Pitt, Thomas Pettat Clerk, John Parsons, Edward Rogers, Giles Rogers, John Roberts, Powell Snell, Charles Stephens, Timothy Stevens, William Stevens, William Stevens the Younger, Charles Street, George Talbot, Richard Tuckwell, William Taylor, John Tuckwell, Harry Waller Clerk, John 8 Shippcn

163

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Shippen Halits Clerk., Thomas JVaine, and John IViiliatnfon, shall be, and they are hereby added 10 and joined with the Trullees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, for putting die fame and this Act in Execution; and the Trustees herein nominated, and their Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said first-reCited' Act, are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed by the said recited Acts or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Fird Meeting of the Trustees shall be holden at the Dwelling House of John Dilly, known by the Sign of The Swan Inn in Bibury, in the County of Gloucester, on the Second‘Tirirfday next after the passing of this Act, any Adjournment already made by the said Trustees to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas the Tolls by the said fird recited Act granted are insufficient, be it therefore enacted, That the said Tolls shall, upon the passing of this Act, cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that indesd thereof, the respective Tolls following shall be demanded, taken, collected, and paid at the several and respective Gates or Turnpikes which have been or shall be erected in or upon the said Road; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Bead drawing any Waggon, Wain, or Cart, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Bead drawing any other Carriage whatsoever, the Sum of Five-pence

For every, Horle, Mart, Gliding, or other Bead not drawing as aforesaid, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which said several Tolls by this Acc authorized to be taken, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and wi:h such Powers, Pcovisions, Exemptions, and Redactions as are contained in the said former Acts, or either of them, respecting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may, and are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to lessen, vary, or alter all or any Part or Parts of the Tolls hereby granted, at all, any, or either of the said Gates or Turnpikes, and to raise the lame again, so as they do not exceed the Tolls by this Act granted, and so as such Reduction be with the Consent of the several Persons who shall be entitled to Three Fifth Parts of the Money then due on the Credit of the Tolls; but no

First Meeting.

Tolls granted by 16 Geo. II. to cease, and other Tolls granted-

Tolls.

Tolls may be varied.

164

One Moiety of the Toll to b? taken from the Inhabitants, &c. of Bibuy and Ar-fm^ton and Ab-itngton.

Form of Security »oi Money borrowed.

Form of Transfer.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

such Reduction shall be made urtless Notice in Writing be given for that Purpose, by affixing the fame upon all the Gates or Turnpikes then erected across the said Road, at lead Twenty-onc Days before the Meeting for making such Reduction.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Land within the Parish of Bibwy, and the Hamlets of Arlington and Ablington within the said Parish of Bibury, to go, travel, pass, and repass with any Horses, Cattle, Carts, or Carriages, through any Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates to be continued or erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, upon Payment of One Moiety of the Tolls authorized and required to be collected and paid by virtue of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-< Handing. ' v

VII. And be it further enacted, That any Mortgage or Mortgages of the Tolls-hereby granted, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall and may be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

I)Y virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-fird Year of the Reign of tils

Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here Jet forth the Title of

this Att] We of the Trustees for putting the said Act and the Acts ‘ therein mentioned in Execution, in Consideration of the Sum of

paid by A.B. of to the Treasurer of the said Road, do hereby bargain, fell, and assign onto the said A.

B. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion

of the Tolls and Money to arise upon the said Road, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum due,

‘ or hereafter to become due on the Security thereof, to hold the fame unto the said A.B. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

« from the Day of the Date hereof, for and during the Continuance of the said Act , tinless the said Sum of with

Intered at the Rate of per Centum per Annum,

shall be sooner paid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals,

« this Day of; 1

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees; but no Money shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the said Tolls after their Fird Meeting, unless Notice be for that Purpose affixed in Writing upon all the Gates or Turnpikes then erected across the said Road, at lead Fourteen Days before the borrowing thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall he podeded of any Mortgage made by virtue of the said former Acts, or wither of them, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured, may Irom Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Intered, or Benefit to the said Mortgage, and the Principal and Intered thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by signing an Indrument to be annexed to such Security, or by indorsing on the Back of such Security, before One credible Witness, the following Words, or Words to the like Effect; (that is to say),

I A.B. do transfer the within Mortgage, [or, the annexed Mortgage,

as the Ce/e way be'] with all my li ght and Title to the Principal

Money

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 16. 165

‘ Money hereby [or, thereby] secured, and all the Interest now doe or to ‘ grow due thereon, unto C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and At-‘ signs. Dated this Day of

A. B.

Witness, E. E.‘

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein transferred, for which the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid such Sum as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and so Mia qttoCies; but in case any Sum or Sums of Money so to be transferred shall not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, it shall be lawful for the respective Persons entitled thereto, by an Indorsement of his, her, or their Name or Names, without Witness, to transfer his, her, or their Interest or Property therein to any other Person or Persons without any Entry being made thereof in Manner aforesaid; and ic shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons, except the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be last transferred, to make void, release, or discharge the original Security, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall have been or shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted in equalDegree One with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of any Monies advanced} and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may and shall, if thereunto required, receive in and cancel all or any Mortgages or Alignments now Handing out that were made by virtue of the said former Acts, or either of them, and give and execute another or others for the respective Sums, in Manner and transferable as aforesaid, instead and in lieu thereof respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Directing the awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, Application or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme ration fer Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability, or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such ing, oo.'. Money shall, in cate the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with ail convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to he preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affect-

[Loc. & Per.'] T t ing

i66

Whereexceed. ing too /. and not icfs than 201,

Where less than 20 /.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. i 6.

ing other Lands and Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be I'o applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under thp like Direction ard Af probation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be cxilling undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Difubility or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be figr.ified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Coure of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or

4 Guardians,

167

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Guardians, Commtitee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Coils and Charges incident Exoence of the to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid by the bov* to be laid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies already pa: ' raised by virtue of the said former Acts, and now in the Treasurer’s

Hands, or out of the first Monies which shall be collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act; and that in case any Person or Persons shall advance and pay any Money for or on Account of obtaining this Act, the Person or Persons advancing and paying any such Money, shall be repaid the fame out of any Monies already raised or received, or to be raised or received by virtue of the said recited Acts and of this Act. together with Interest for the fame after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Time of advancing the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, ad- pubr, ck Act. judged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken

Nonce of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued Comn, ence-by the said recited Acts shall, upon the passing of this Act, cease and ment and determine; and that the said Acts (I'ubject to the Alterations and Additions SutaASt" herein contained) and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be

in force, and be executed, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 17.

An Act for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing the High Roads in the County of Selkirk.

[30th April 1801.]

WHEREAS the Laws now subsisting in Scotland for the Preamble, making of Roads have been found ineffectual in the County of Selkirk, and it has been attended with much Difficulty and Trouble to make effectual and properly apply the Statute Labour in the said County; and other and further Powers are necessary in order to carry the Purposes of the existing Laws into Execution

And whereas a reasonable Compofuion in Money, instead of actual Labour, has been found in many Places to be more useful and effectual for the Purpose of making and repairing the Roads, as well as more easy and convenient for the Persons liable in Statute Labour; and it will be of Advantage to the said County to convert the Statute Labour into Money, and to ascertain the Races, as well as the Mode, of levying and applying the same: And whereas these Purposes cannot be fully accomplished without the Interposition of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who is at Tmrteee for present, or shall be at any Time after the passing of this Act, in his executing \Loc. fc? Par.] U u own ‘h«Act-

17°

Penalty upon unqualified Persons acting as Truf-tecs.

First and other General Meetings.

il-'wsyrt

Quorum of the Trustees.

Power to appoint a Clerk,

who is tocall Meetings of the Trustees,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual PofleQlon and Enjoyment, as Proprietor or Liferenter of Lands lying in the County of Selkirk, valued in the Tax Roll or Cess Books of the said County at One Hundred Pounds Scots or upwards, and the Fador for the Time being on the Estates in the said County of such Persons in their Absence, and all and every the Heirs Apparent of such Proprietors or Life-renters, the Eldest Baillie of the Royal Burgh of Selkirk for the Time being, and the Baillie of the Town and Barony of Gallajhiels for the Time being, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for levying and applying the Conversion of the Statute Labour within the said County of Selkirk, in Manner hereinafter directed, and for putting in Execution all the Powers relating to the levying and applying of the said Statute Labour, in and by this Act given and granted.

II. And be it enacted, That if any Perl'on not qualified as aforesaid, or not of the Descriptions aforesaid, shall presume to act as a Trustee, such Person shall forfeit and pay for every Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling, besides the Expence of Prosecution, to be recovered by any of the Trustees duly qualified, in Manner after directed, and to be applied in the repairing of the Roads in the said County, in such Manner as a General Meeting of the Trustees shall direct.

III. And be it further enacted, TJrat the Trustees appointed by this Act, or any Three or more of them, shall meet in the Ordinary Court House of the Royal Burgh of Selkirk, on the Second Tuesday of June in the Year One Thousand Eight Hundred and One, and thereafter yearly on the Second 'Tuesday in the Month of June, at the same Place, to execute this Act in Manner aftermentioned, with Power to them to chuse a Prefes oft their Meeting, and to adjtrtrrn to such other Time and Place as they shall appoint; which Adjournment shall be advertised in such Manner as they shall direct.

IV. And be it enacted, That at the said First and at every after Ge-ridal Meeting of the said Trustees, any Three of them shall be a sufficient Quorum, and if a Quorum of Trustees shall not be present, any One or more attending shall have Power to adjourn, but not to do any other Business.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees at their First Meeting, or some Adjournment thereof, and yearly thereafter, shall appoint a Clerk for transading the Business relative to the Conversion of the said Statute Labour, with an adequate Salary; and the Clerk appointed by them shall have full Power and Authority, and he is hereby required, when directed by a Writing under the Hands of any Two or more of the Trustees, tocall a General Meeting of Trustees to be held at Selkirk, by Advertisement in Two of the Edinburgh and in the Kclfo Newspapers, Fourteen Days before the Day of Meeting, specially signifying the Purpose of such Meeting: And no other Person but the said Clerk shall have Power to call such Meetings, except in the Cases of the Trustees failing to appoint a Clerk, or of the Death, Removal,

or

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

or Refusal to ad, of the Clerk appointed; in all which Cases it shall be lawful to any Two of the Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to call a General Meeting, by Advercisement, as above directed; and the Expence of advertising shall be paid by the Trustees requiring or calling such Meeting, and they may be reimbursed out of the Funds of the Parish, on the Business of which the said Meeting shall be called, if the Meeting shall think proper to order it.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Trustees at any of their General Meetings shall determine in any Matter in Execution of the Powers by this Act committed to them, it shall not be in the Power of any subsequenc Meeting to annul or alter such Determination, or to issue any Order contrary thereto, unless such subsequent Meeting be called upon Fourteen Days previous Notice by Advertisement in the Edinburgh and Kel/t Newspapers as above directed, signifying the Time and Place of such Meeting, as well as the Purpose for which it is called; nor shall such Determination be annulled or alcered, without the Consent of Two Thirds of the Trustees assembled at the said subsequent Meeting.

VII. And be it further enacted, That instead of the Statute Labour, which the Inhabitants of the County of Selkirk are liable to perform upon the High Roads by the Laws now existing, there shall be raised and levied a Composition, or Converston in Money, according to the following Rates; videlicet, From ail Lands, which are rated in the Valuation, or Cess Books of the County, a Composition according to the valued Rents of such Lands, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty-four Shillings Sterling Yearly for each One Hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, and proportionally for a lower and higher Valuation; the One Half thereof to be paid by the Proprietor, Life-renter, or other Perl’on, who is entitled or empowered directly to draw or receive the Rents and Profits of such Lands, and the other Half by the Tenants or Occupiers thereof, in equal Moieties, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of June and the Twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year: In like Manner from all other Lands within the said County of Selkirk, which are not valued in the Cess Books of the County, and understood not to be Part and Pertinent of any House or Tenement of Houses, there shall be raised and levied yearly, instead of the Statute Labour, a Composition in Money, not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence Sterling for every Pound of the real Rent of such Lands, the One Half thereof to be paid by the Proprietor, Liferenter, or other Person entitled to draw the Rents and Profits, and the other Half by the Tenant or Occupier thereof, in the Moieties, and at the Times already mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Occupiers of all Houses in

the Royal Burgh of Selkirk, and in all other Towns and Villages, erected or to be erected, within the County of Selkirk, and in general the Occupiers of all Houses within the said County, not having cultivated or profitable Land belonging to them, other than a Garden for Pot Herbs, or Kail Yard, instead of their Statute Labour, shall be liable to pay by the Moieties, and at the Times already mentioned, a . ..I Composition

17*

Determination of General Meetings not to be altered by subsequent Meetings, unless in certain Cases.

Rates of Composition in Money, in Lien of Statute Labour, not exceeding certain Sums.

Rates leviable in the Burgh of Selkirk, and Towns and Villages in the County.

i7*

41° GEO. III. Cap. 17.

Composition in Monty, not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence, Yearly for every House, the Yearly Rent whereof, with the Out Houses thereto belonging, amounts in Money, Services, or otherwise, to Twenty Shillings Sterling, and not exceeding Three-pence Sterling for every Ttn Shillings Sterling more of the Yearly Rent or Value of such Houses: Provided always, That no Person shall be liable to pay for any House, the Yearly Rent whereof is less than Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor shall any House be liable to a higher Composition than Five Shillings Sterling.

Rat-spaysble

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Carters, Carriers, and other to-Carters, Perl'ons, having a Place of Residence within the County of Selkirk, and keeping Horses for Hire, or for carrying on their Trade and Occupation, or for Pleasure, whether directly or indirectly, constantly or occasionally, instead of performing Statute Labour, shall be liable to pay by the Moieties, and at the Times already mentioned, a Composition, or Conversion in Money, not exceeding Three Shillings Sterling for each Horse, and One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling for each but not to be Man employed with such Horse yearly: Provided always, That when doubly rated, persons shall be assessed at the same Time, as Occupiers of Land, or of Houses within the County, they shall be entitled to a Deduction of the Composition to which they are liable, in respect of their Horses and Men employed with them, out of the Assessment On their Lands or Houses, or to a Deduction of the Assessment upon their Lands knd Houses, out of the Composition to which they are liable, in respect of their Horses, and Men employed with such Horses, according as the " one. shall exceed the other, but they are not to be liable in Payment of

both. I - ‘ \ I

, / j'voi i. ’ ..ano:imt_1: --

Clergymen Xi Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this and School- shall subject Clergymen to the Performance of Statute Labour,

bablVfo"0' or for the Conversion thereof in respect of their Manses

their Mantes, and Glebes in their natural Possession, or Parish Schoolmasters in respect of their School Houses, Dwelling Houses, or Lands thereto belonging.

Trusteesto

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at their First in the differ ^tnera' Meeting, or at some Adjournment thereof, and annually ent ParisheV" thereafter, shall settle and fix the Rate of Conversion of the Statute Labour, in respect of the Lands, Houses, Horses, and Men employed with such Horses as aforesaid within the said County, and for each Parish respectively.: And it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to fix different Rates of Composition for the different Parishes, as the State of the Roads and the Number and Circumstances of the Inhabitants therein seem to require, not exceeding the highest Rate above directed: Provided always, That the Rate or Rates fixed for Lands, which are not valued in the Cess Books, for Houses, and for Horses, and Men employed with such Horses, shall not exceed the Rate fixed for Lands within the same Parish. which are valued in the Cess Books, in Proportion to the highest Rate at which they can be alfcffed respectively.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they are hereby empowered to exeem such Persons as they shall know to be in indigent Circumstances, from Payment of all, or any Part of the Conversion Money in which they are liable to be assessed.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to require the Proprietors of all Lands within the said County, which are valued in the Cess Books, or the Fadors of such Proprietors in their Absence, to deliver to the Clerk appointed by them, within Thirty Days from their first: General Meeting, and at all Times thereafter, when they shall be required by a General Meeting of Trustees, a true State or Declaration in Writing, signed by such Proprietors or their Fadors, of the Valued Rent of their whole Lands in each Parish of the County, according to which Land Tax and other Public Burthens are in ule to be paid; which Declaration shall point out distinctly the different Farms belonging to each Proprietor, and the Parish or Parishes in which they are situated, severally, as well as a Proportion of their Valued Rent in each Parish for each of their Farms therein situated, corresponding to the yearly Real Rent of the fame; and if any Proprietor or Proprietors, or their Fadors in their Absence, shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Requisition, to deliver Declarations of their Valued Rent as aforesaid, or if the Declarations delivered shall not fairly and precisely distinguish and point out every Farm belonging to such Proprietor, or the Parish or Parishes in which they are litu-ated severally j or if the Valued Rent assigned to the several Farms within the same Parish shall not be in Proportion to the real yearly Rents paid for them respectively, in Money, Services, or otherwise, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to levy from such Proprietor or Proprietors, the Composition for their whole Lands within the County, whether occupied by themselves or nor, according to the Valued Rent thereof in the Cess Books; which Composition shall be levied in Manner hereinafter directed: Provided always, That such Proprietor or Proprietors, paying the said Composition, may recover from their Tenants their respective Proportions thereof, according to the yearly Rent of the Farms occupied by them.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Clerk to the Commissioners of Supply shall be obliged to exhibit, as often as he shall be required by a General Meeting of Trustees, the Valuation Books of the County, and oihcr Minutes of the Commissioners of Supply in his Custody; and that it shall be lawful at all Times to the said Trustees, or their Clerk atting by their Orders, toinfped the said Valuation Books and Minutes without Fee or Reward.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, at their first General Meeting, or at any Adjournment thereof, and annually thereafter, and they are hereby authorised and required, to nominate and appoint One or more Assessors for each Burgh, Village, or Parish, within the County, as they shall think fit; which Afleftors shall return upon Oath, to be administered by any One or more of the Trustees to the Clerk to be appointed as aforesaid, and

[Z.0<\ £s? Per.] X x within

*73

Indigent Persons may be exccmea.

Signed Declarations of the valued Rent, &e. to be delivered by the Proprietors of Land, £sV.

Clerk to the Commissionera of Supply to exhibit the Valuation Books of the County to the Trustees.

Trustees to appoint Afteftors in Burghs,

1/4

Trustees may inspeift the Books of the Poor’s Rates, the Stem-mailers’ Books, &c.

Trustees to appoint Collectors, tJV.

Power tolevy the Compost-tion Money by Distress,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

within such Time as the Trustees shall direct, a full and correct Lift of all Lands which are not valued in the Cess Books, with the Names of the Owners and Occupiers thereof respectively; as also, of all Houses which have no cultivated or profitable Land belonging to them as aforesaid, the Yearly Rent whereof amounts to Twenty Shillings Sterling or upwards, with the Names of the Occupiers severally, together with a full and clear Account of the Kent of such Lands and Houses, when the same are occupied by Tenants, or the annual Value thereof when they are occupied by the Proprietors, or when the Rene payable by the Tenant cannot be discovered; and all'o, a List of all Persons keeping Horses as aforesaid, with a just and full Account of the Number of Horses kept by each, as well as of the Men employed with such Horses, and that within the respective Burghs, Villages, or Parishes, for which they are appointed to act as Assessors; and if any Person or Persons shall chink themselves aggrieved by such Return, it shall be competent for him, her, or them, to complain to a General Meeting of Trustees, who are hereby empowered to hear and determine upon the Matter of such Complaint j and such Assessors shall be allowed a reasonable Gratification for their Trouble.

XVF. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees, their Clerk or Collectors, to inspect the Books of the Poor’s Rates in esch Parish, as well as the Stent Matters Books in each Burgh or Village of the said County; and the Person or Persons who shall have the Custody of the said Books, shall permit the free Inspection thereof to the said Trustees, their Clerks or Collectors, without Fee or Reward, whenever they shall be required to do so, by a Writing signed by any Three or more of the Trustees, or by the Prefes of any of their General Meetings, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, as often as they shall rtfufe such Inspection.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at their first General Meeting, or some Adjournment thereof, and annually thereafter, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to appoint a Collector or Collectors, and Cashier or Cashiers, for receiving and paying away the Composition Money or Conversion aforesaid, for which the said Collectors and Cashiers shall be accountable, and they shall enter all such Receipts and Payments regularly in Books, which are to be kept by them for that Purpose; and the said Trusttes may remove such Collectors or Cashiers, and may appoint others in their (lead as often as they shall think proper; and the said Collectors and Cashiers shall find Security to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, to account annually, or as often as they shall be required, for all the Money received by them, and to pay the Balance or Balances in their Hands when demanded; they being always allowed a suitable Gratification for their Trouble, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling per Centum of the Sums which they shall collect and receive.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall refuseor neglect to pay to the Collector or Collectors appointed by the said Trustees, the Composition Money in which he or they shall

*+ *. be

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

be assessed in any one Year as aforesaid, the Proceedings for compelling Payment shall be by summary Petition to the Sheriff Depute of the County of Selkirk, or his Substitutes, or to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at the Instance of the said Collector or Collectors; anti such summary Petition being duly served upon the Person or Persons complained of, by Order of the said Sheriffs or Justices, the said Sheriffs and Justices are hereby authorized and required to grant Warrant for arresting all Rents, Debts, or Goods, due and addcbted to the*Person or Persons complained of within their Jurisdiction; and also, for poinding, appraising, and felling, after Six Days Intimation or Charge, all moveable Goods belonging to the Person or Persons complained of, to the Amount of the Composition Money due by them severally, together with the Expence of such Warrants, and Execution thereof, returning the Overplus if any there be; and, in Default of sufficient Debts or moveable Goods being found within the County, the said Sheriff and Justices are hereby authorized to grant Warrant for committing the Person or Persons complained of to the County Gaol, until the said Composition Money and Expence shall be paid, or the Person or Persons complained of be.liberated by the ordinary Process. of Law.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to the said Sheriffs or Justices, as aforesaid, to award Triple the Value of the Damages which shall be sustained by any Person or Persons who have been injured and oppressed by such Warrant or Warrants; such Damages to be paid to the Person or Persons injured by the Collector or Collectors, upon whose Application the Warrant or Warrants were granted, in case it shall appear to the said Sheriffs or Justices that the said Collector or Collectors have made a falle or oppressive Complaint, or have put such Warrant or Warrants in Execution otherwise than as by this Act is directed and authorised.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at their Annual General Meeting, or some Adjournment thereof, shall, and they are hereby empowered to appropriate the Composition of the Statute Labour, for the ensuing Year, to the making and repairing of such Uoads as they shall judge necessary to be made and repaired: Provided always, That the Money raised in each Parish shall be applied to the Roads lying within that Parish, and to no other Purpose, until all the Roads shall be completely and effectually repaired, unless a Majority of the Trustees who shall be Proprietors or Liferenters of Lands within the said Parish, and qualified as aforesaid, shall agree to apply Part thereof to the Roads in any of the adjoining Parishes within the said County; and if the Composition Money of any Parish, or any Part thereof, shall be applied otherwise than as hereby directed, the Trustees who shall authorise such Misapplication, as well as their Cashier who shall issue the Money misapphed, shall be liable to refund the fame, with full Costs, to any of the other Trustees, or to any Owner or Occupier of Lands or Houses within the Parish in which it was raised and levied, in any Action to be pursued before the Sheriff Depute or his Substitutes, or any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County of

’ Selkirk;

*75

t?fc. of the Defaulter* Good;, tffc.

Persons aggrieved may recover Triple Damages.

Application and Appropriation of the Composition Money.

i?6

Trustees may appoint Committees of their Number for the different Parishes.

In case the Trustees appointed by this Act neglect to execute the fame, the Commissioners of Supply may fix the Conversion Money, &e.

Power to borrow Money.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Selkirk; the Money recovered to be applied to the repairing of the Roads of the Parish in which the Money lo misapplied was raised.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, instead of applying the Composition of the Statute Labour, for the ensuing Year, at their Annual General Meetings or Adjournments thereof, may appoint Committees of their own Number for each Farish, with Power to appropriate the Compositio'n Money to the Roads within the Parish: And it shall also be lawful to the said Trustees to chul’e Committees from their own Number, or to appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think capable, to have the general Oversight and Direction of making the necessary Repairs upon the Roads within each Parish; with Power to such Committees and Overseers to draw upon the Collectors or Cashiers for the Money appropriated for the said Roads: Provided always, that every Order for Money, by the said Committee or Overseers, Hial 1 defcrihe the Road or Roads for which it is issued, and no Money shall be drawn but for a Road, the repairing of which is finished, or on Account of a Road contracted for and repairing, nor for any Road for which Money has not been appropriated.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Commissioners of Supply for the said County of Selkirk at their Annual Meeting on the Thirtieth of April for laying on the Land Tax, that the Trustees for the Conversion of the Statute Labour, by this Act appointed, shall have neglected in any one Year to fix the Rates of Conversion for Lands, Houses, Horses, or Men employed with such Plorfes, or shall have neglected to appoint a Collector or Collectors for levying the said Conversion, or to apply the same as by this Act directed, or lfiall have neglected in any other Way to put in Execution the Powers hereby vetted in them for the Purposes thereof, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Supply, at their Annual Meeting aforesaid, to afifefs the County, according to the highest Rates of Conversion herein authorised, and to appoint Collectors for receiving and paying away the fame, and Overseers for the applying and laying out thereof, in repairing the Roads within the County, under the Direction and Controul of the said Commissioners of Supply, who shall enjoy all the Powers in railing, levying, and applying the Conversion of the Statute Labour, and be subject to the fame Regulations as the Trustees herein appointed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money which they shall deem necessary for making and repairing the Roads of any Parish within the County, upon the Credit of the Conversion Money raised or to be raised in the said Parish, so as the Sum borrowed shall not at any Time exceed Three Years Conversion of the Statute Labour in the said Parish, and to assign the said Conversion Money, or any Part thereof, for such a Term of Years as shall be necessary for repaying the Sum or Sums borrowed, with Interest, until the same shall be repaid; which Sum or Sums are to be laid out within the particular Parish upon the Conversion Money of which the

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

*77

Asignment is granted, and upon the Roads of no other Parish whatsoever: Provided always, That such Transactions shall be entered in the Books of said Trustees, and that such Loan and Assignment be agreed toby Two Thirds of the Trustees, qualified as aforesaid, Proprietors of Land in the Parish for the Use of which the Money is to be borrowed, and confirmed by the Trustees for managing the Statute Labour of the County in a General Meeting assembled.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Truf- Trustees may tees, in any General Meeting assembled, and they are hereby empower- afe,'r*

1 ! r 0 ,1 r l Roads to be

ed, upon the Petition of any Heritor of the County, or on a Motion u,ut upan<1 made by One or more Trustees at such Meeting, to issue their Orders may alter the for (hutting up any Road which they shall judge useless or unnecessary Course of the to the Public, as well as for making and fixing the Course of such new £°*stln the Road or Roads, as they shall judge necessary or convenient for the In- ° tercourse of the County; and in the like Manner it shall be lawful to the said Trustees, as aforesaid, to alter the Course of any Road within the County, and to determine upon and fix a new Course; and in like Manner, when any of the said Roads shall appear to the Trustees not to be of a sufficient Breadth for Public Convenience, it shall be lawful to them, as aforesaid, to widen and extend the said Roads to such a Breadth as they shall judge necessary, not exceeding Forty Feet, exclusive of Drains and Ditches, making Satisfaction in Manner hereinafter directed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to the said Power to Trustees to order and direct any Houses, Walls, F’ences, and other Impediments to be removed; and if the Order of a General Meeting ou ’ of Trustees, for making, altering, widening, or (hutting up any Road,

or for removing any Houses or other Impediments as aforesaid, be not complained of, by competent Process of Law, within Six Months from the Date thereof, it shall become final: Provided always, That with Excep-nothing herein contained shall be construed to confer on the said Truf- tions. tees a Power to alter the Course of any Turnpike Road within the County, nor to remove or encroach upon any House, the Side Walls of which exceed Twenty Feet in Height, nor any Garden, Orchard,

Planted Walk, nor the Avenue to any House, nor any Ground set apart, inclosed, and used as a Nursery for Trees, if such Ground shall exceed Half an Acre in Measure.

XXVI. Provided also, That before any Road shall be made, altered, prev;ous widened, or (hut up as aforesaid, and before any House, Fence, or Notice to the other Impediment to free Passage shall be removed or encroached Proprietors Upon, Intimation in Writing dial I be made to the Proprietors of the to be given. Grounds through which such Road is to be made, altered, or widened,

and to the Proprietors of the Houses or other Impediments to be removed, if resident within the County; and if such Proprietors do not reside within the County, then to the Occupier or Occupiers-, and before any Road shall be altered, or (hut up as aforesaid, Intimation shall also be made to the Public at large, by Advertisement at the Church Door of the Parish or Parishes in which the said Road is fnuated. Three several Sundays, immediately before the Celebration of Divine Service, or at dismissing of the Congregation; and a Day shall

4

[Lee. fc? Per.]

be

i78 4.1" GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

be appointed for hearing all Persons who think that they may be injured by the making, altering, widening, or (hutting up of the said Road, or by the Removal of the said Houses or Impediments, after Intimation duly made, and Ten Days at lead before such Order shall be issued by the said Trustees as aforesaid.

Rfcnmpence

XXVII. Provided further, and be it enacted, That the Proprietor or to be ir.ade. pr0prjetors of the Grounds, in which any Road so shut up, or altered, is situ ited, shall be obliged to pay to the Trustees, or to their Cashier, a fair Price or Recompence for the Benefit which he or they shall receive thereby, to be applied to the repairing of the other Roads in the same Parish or Parishes respectively: And also that the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of the Grounds through which the new Course of any Road made or altered is diverted, or out of which any Road is to he widened, as well as the Proprietor and Occupier of any House, or other Impediment removed, shall receive from the Funds of the Parish or Parishes in which such Road or House is situated, a just Recompence for the Damage occasioned thereby j which Recompence shall be determined and adjudged by any Two Justices of the Peace of the said County of Selkirk, or by the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitutes, at the Suit of the Trustees, or of such Proprietor or Occupiers.

Application

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed of uompen- or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur-e^ceeding"6 chafed, taken, or Used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Pur-2001, poles thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Liferents,

Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Incorporation, Married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to Two Hundred Pounds, or upwards, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Pax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authonfe to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing fec-tled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposesj or where such Money shall not be.so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under-the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood, settled, or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of

taking

179

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

taking F.ffefl; and in the Meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or Annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Mo- Application

ney so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Here- where the

ditaments nurchafed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and be-

‘ rr»r jrA-ri* *:on "* not

longing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Uilabi- rxcef(j ICO/.

lity or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hun- nor left than dred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner before directed, or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signed in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before-mentioned, shall where the be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall ,e(*

be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time 1 ln 20 being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fir, or in case of Infancy, or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled refjpettively.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to the power to Trustees, as well as to the Parish Committees, and to Surveyors or other makcDitchr* Persons, acting by their Orders, or under their Authority, to make such an

Ditches and Drains as shall be necessary for conveying Water from the Materials *0, said Roads through the Grounds contiguous thereto, paying Damages as the Roads, hereinafter-mentioned; and also to open Quarries and Pits, and to dig and carry away Stones, Gravel, and other Materials necessary for repairing the said Roads, from any Waste Ground adjacent thereto, within the County of Selkirk, without being liable for Damages, provided the fame can be done with Safety to the free Passage of the Roads; and in like Manner to dig and carry away all such Materials from the Bed or Channel of ahy Public River or Rivulet, provided it can be

clone

i 8o

Noiice to be given before taking away Materials.

Roads may be measured, and Milestones erected.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

done without Injury likely to arise to any Public Building or Work, or to the Property of any Individual, the said Trustees, or the Persons employed by them, filling up and levelling all such Quarries anJ Pits as shall be opened by them, and surrounding them with sufficient Fences while they are kept open: And where such Materials cannot be obtained, in sufficient Quantity and Quality from such Waste Ground, Rivers or Rivulets, within a reasonable Distance of the Roads to be repaired, ic shall be lawful for the said Trustees, their Committees, or other Persons acting under their Authority, to open Pits and Quarries, and dig and carry away such Materials from and through the Ground of any Person or Persons not being the Ground whereon any Houses Itand, nor Ground used for a Paddock, Garden, Orchard, Plantation of Trees. Walk or Walks, or the Avenue to any House, nor inclosed and used as a Nursery for Trees,) within the County of Selkirk, where such Materials are to be found, and from Time to Time to cause the same to be carried off for repairing the said Roads, the said Trustees, and Persons employed by them, always filling up, levelling, and fencing as aforesaid, and paying for the Damage thereby occasioned, out of the Funds of the Parish within which the Road to be repaired lies, which Damage shall be settled and adjudged in Manner already directed, for determining the Damage sustained by the making, alcering, or widening of Roads within the County.

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away Materials fcr making and repairing the said Roads, uptil Ten Days Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Proprietors or Occupiers of the Premises, from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Proprietors or Occupiers at their usual Places of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or before Two Justices of the Peace ailing for the said County of Selkirk, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands, Brooks, River, or Grounds; and, in case such Proprietors or Occupiers shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees respectively, or any Two or more of them, or such Justices shall, if they think fit, authorize such Person or Persons aforesaid, to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or to such Justices shall seem proper; and, if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Proprietors or Occupiers, or their Agents, had attended.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may cause the Roads under their Management to be measured, and Stones or Polls to be erected on or near the Sides thereof, denoting the Distance of each Mile, or such other Distances as they shall judge convenient, and also may cause Guide Posts to be erected upon such Parts of the said Roads as they shall think proper: And every Person pulling down,

dellroying,

4-1* GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

destroying, or defacing such Stones or Pods, or pulling down or destroying the Parapet Wall of any Bridge in the Course of the Roads hereby directed to be repaired, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings and not under Five Shillings Sterling,

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where Dikes or Ditches are now, or shall be made hereafter, on the Sides of the said Roads, the Occupiers thereof shall be obliged to repair and keep up such Dikes, and scour such Ditches regularly when required by the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons acting by their Orders; and if any Trees, Bullies, or Hedges, shall hurt or annoy the said Roads, the said Trustees or other Persons acting under their Authority may require the Owners and Occupiers, as the Case may be, to lop and prune the fame; and if the said Owners and Occupiers, when so required in Writing, and at the proper Season for such Operations, shall refuse or neglect so to do, it shall be lawful to the said Trustees to employ proper Persons for repairing such Dikes, scouring such Ditches, and lopping or pruning such Trees, Bullies, and Hedges, the Expence whereof shall be recovered from the said Owner or Occupier in an Action at the Instance of the Trustees, or other Person acting by their Orders, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff Depute of the County of Selkirk, or his Substitutes; and the said Justices of Peace and Sheriffs are hereby authorized and required to enforce the Execution of the Orders of the Trustees in all these Points.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, in tilling or dressing their Ground upon the Sides of the said Roads, to turn any Plough, Carr, or other Instrument of Husbandry thereupon, or on the Ditches and Drains thereto belonging, nor the Cattle employed with the said Instruments of Husbandry, nor to lay down or leave any Carrion or other Nuisance upon the said Roads, or upon the Streets of any Town or Village within the County of Selkirk, or within Twenty Yards of the fame, nor to lay down Lime, Sand, Wood, Rubbish, or any other Materials, upon the said Roads, (except for building Fences, or repairing the Roads,) or within Five Yards thereof, where the Ground is not inclosed; nor to leave Carts or other Carriages, whether loaded or unloaded, upon any of the said Roads or Streets; nor to draw or cause to be drawn any Tree, Timber, or other weighty Materials along or across the said Roads, otherwise than in a Wheel Carriage or Sledge; nor to dig Holes or Pits upon the said Roads or Streets, or within Five Yards thereof, excepting always as above provided; nor to turn any Water Course upon, or prevent or obstruct the free Passage of Water from or along the said Roads, whereby the same shall (land or stagnate thereupon; and all and every Persons guilty of any of the said Offences, shall forfeit and pay for every Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings and not less than Five Shillings Sterling.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no House of any Kind, or other Building (except for the Purpose of inclosing Land,) shall be built or erected within Twenty-

[Lor. & Per.] Z z five

181

Penalty on Persons dc-molishing Mile- Stones, We.

Occupiers of Land to fcoor the Ditches, We.

Ploughs, We. not to be drawn on the Roads.

Annoyances on the Roads not to be flittered,

under a Penalty.

Houses not to be erected within a certain Distance of the Road.

182 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

five Feet from the Centre of any of the said Uoads, without the Consent of the Trustees, assembled in a General Meeting, obtained thereto; and if any such House or Building shall be erc&ed within that Distance, and without such Consent, the Sheriff Depute of the County or his Substitutes, or any Two or more Justices of the Peace, are hereby authorized and required to cause the I'fme to be demolished and removed, upon Complaint made to them respectively by the said Trustees, or any Person aiding by their Orders; and every Person or Persons offending against this Provision shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling, besides the Expence of pulling down and removing the Materials of such House or Building.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be no Objection to any Person aiding as a Judge in any Matter relative to this Act, that he is hereby appointed a Trullee, except where he is personally interested; in which Cafe he shall not fit nor act as a Judge, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds Sterling, for every Time he shall so fit or aft; but in every other Cafe he shall have Power to act as a Judge or Justice of the Peace as fully as if he had not been appointed a Trustee.

Trailtfps may

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person appointed a hold Offices, Trustee for putting this Act in Execution, shall nevertheless be capable a s'1 Trustees of holding any Office or Place of Profit which shall be created under the while ihey Authority thereof: Provided always, That no Person appointed to d. Rich Office or Place for the whole County, shall, during the Period of

holding the fame, act of vote in the Character of a Trustee at any General or Adjourned Meeting of the said Trustees; and that no Person holding such Office or Place of Profic within any particular Parish or Parishes, shall, during the Period of holding the lame, be capable of acting or voting as a Trustee in any Matter relating to such Parish or Parishesj and every Person holding Rich Office or Place of Profir, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling for every Time that he shall so aiff or vote as a Trustee.

Assistment

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Assessment of Ten Shillings nd'lj'id e Scots on each One Hundred Pounds Scuts of Valued Rent, authorized Money' to be levied in each County of Scotland by an Act made in the Second Parliament of King Charles the Second, intituled " An Act for repairing Highways and Bridges," and which has been found insufficient in the said County of Selkirk, shall be laid on by the said Trustees at their First Meeting, and thereafter at their Annual General Meetings; and which said Assessment shall be paid within Six Months after the lame is laid on by the said Trustees, to any Person authorised by them, or a Quorum of them, to collect the fame, and employed for the Uses aforesaid, of which an Account, shall be rendered at the next Annual General Meeting; and in case any Person, liable in the said Assessment, shall refuse or fail to pay the same within the said Six Months, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of the said County, or any One of them, to grant Warrant for poinding the Effects of the Defaulter for paying the fame, and One T hird Part

more;

Trustees may as Justices, ($c.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 17. 183

rhore; which Warrants shall be granted upon the Application of the Collector appointed by the Trustees as aforesaid.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Perfom in think himself or themselves injured by any Order of the said Trustees, or Jc"^nby Pr0‘ by any Thing done in consequence of such Order, by any Person or Per- f*'Pursuance fons acting under their Authority, every Person or Persons so injured or of this Art oppressed, when no other Remedy is provided by this Act, may complain may com-to any 1 wo or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Selkirk, or to the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitutes, who are hereby authorized sheriff, and required to hear and determine all such Cases as shall be broughc before them.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Mode of incurred under the Authority of this Act may be recovered by summary ^nedco^ery, jca. Complaint, at the Inllance of any of the said Trustees, or of any Person *£nofplaiting by their Orders, before any Two or more of the said Justices t;es. of the Peace, or before the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitutes; and the Fait or Fails being verified and proved, by Confedion of the Party, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, or by other legal Evidence, the said Justices and Sheriffs are hereby authorized and required to grant Warrant for poinding and felling the readied moveable Goods of the Offender, to the Amount of the Penalty in which he shall be found liable, with the Expence of such Warrant and Execution thereof; and if it shall appear to the said Sheriffs or Justices, that such Offender has not sufficient Goods within the County, or upon Execution returned by their Officers respectively, that Goods sufficient are not to be found, it shall be lawful to them, and they are hereby authorized and required to commit the Person of the Offender to the Gaol of the Burgh of Selkirk, until the Penalty and Expences shall be paid, but not exceeding the Space of Two Calendar Months: Provided always,

That all rvdlions for Penalties incurred under the Authority of this Act Limitation shall be commenced and prosecuted within One Year from the Time of Actions. of committing the Offence, otherwise they shall cease and determine; and all Penalties recovered shall be applied to the repairing of the Roads of the Parish in which the Offence was committed.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Expence of procuring and Expences of passing this Act shall be defrayed by the Proprietors of Lands within ,hl* Art how the County of Selkirk, in Proportion to their respective Valued Rents to e pal therein; and the Trustees hereby appointed are authorized and required, at their First General Meeting, or some Adjournment thereof, co af-less the whole Heritors of the County as aforesaid, in a Sum equal to the said Expence, and to appoint a Collector or Collectors for levying the fame; and the said Assessment shall be made effectual against the said Heritors or other Persons who are entitled directly to receive the Rents and Profits of their Lands in the fame Way and Manner as is provided by this Act for compelling Payment of the Conversion of the Statute Labour, in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay the same.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all former Acts of Parliament Former Arts and Statutes relative to the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, shall be of Parliameni

of relative to

184

Highways :n the County of Selk.rk,

in confident with this Act, r pealed, excepting those which relate to Turnpike Roads.

[Public Act.]

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

of no Force or Effect in the County of Selkirk, so fir as the said Acts and Statutes are altered by, or inconsistent with this Act, excepting always the Acts of Parliament now in force for making and repairing the Turnpike Roads in the said County, which are not superfcded or infringed by this Act farther chan regards the Conversion of the Statute Labour of the County, the raising, levying, and applying of which is committed to the Trustees hereby appointed only.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 18.

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Cross Keys otherwise Brickers Barn, in the Parish of Corsham in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge in the County of Somerset.

[30th April 1801.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 3* II. An Act for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Cross Keys, otherwise Bricker’s Barn in the Parish of Corsham in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge in the - [Ler. ft? Per.2 3 A County

i86

19 G(0. Ill*

A<5W further continued.

Former Tolls d.(continued and other Tolls granted.

Tolls.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

County of Somerset; whereby several Tolls, Powers, and Authorities were granted, for amending, widening, and keeping the said Road in Repair: And whereas another Act was passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for continuing the Term of the said Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof; which is still due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged; and it, is necessary that the Tolls authorized to be collected on the said Road should be increased; may it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained fexcept such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) shall be and are hereby farther continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained, and which shall Commence and take Effect immediately upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due on the Credit or on Account of the said former Acts or either of them, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, for the Use of the said Road, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And whereas the Tolls by the said first recited Act granted, are insufficient; be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall, upon the passing of this Act, cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and that instead thereof, the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at the several and respective Gates or Turnpikes which have been or shall be erected in or upon the said Road; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, drawing any Waggon, Cart, Wain, or other such Carriage, or Timber Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Ox or other Neat Cattle, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, or Timber Carriage, the Sum of Twopence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Hearse, Chaise, Chair or other such Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, or other Neat Cattle, the Sutn of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And

For

i%7

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Pigs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number

Which said Tolls shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, adigned, lessened, varied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said Acts, or either of them, respecting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken.

III. And be it further enacted, That any Mortgage or Mortgages of: the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall and may be f drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following: (that is to say),

« dY Virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of

His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth

the Title of the Ad] We of the Trustees for putting the said Act and the Acts therein mentioned in Execution, in Consideration of the Sum of paid by A.B. of

to the Treasurer of the said Road, do hereby bargain, fell, and assign

unto the said A.B. such Proportion of the Tolls and Money to arise

upon the said Road, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum due or hereafter to become due on

‘ the Security thereof, to hold the fame unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the Day of the Date hereof, ‘ for and during the Continuance of the said Acts, unless the said Sum of with Interest at the Rate of

per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner

‘ paid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals, this

4 Day of

And that any Alignment or Transfer to be made of any such Mortgage or Security, by any Person or Persons indtled to the Money thereby secured, may be made by signing an Instrument to be annexed to, or by indorsing on such Security, before One credible Witness, Words in the . Form qr to the Effect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do transfer the within Mortgage [or, the annexed Mortgage,

as the Case may be] with all my Right and Title to the Principal

Money hereby, [or, thereby] secured, and all the Interest now due or to grow due thereon, unto C.D. his Executors, Administrators and

Assigns. Dated this Day of

‘ Witness, E. F. A. 5.

And such Assignees may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again and so Mies quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons, except the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be last transferred, to make void, release, or discharge the original Security, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

Form of St-

curity for Money bof-rowed*

Form of Transfer*

j 88

Five Trustees may act in Cafe. re-

2uiring nine y former Acts.

Application of Compensation where exceeding

aoo /.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

IV. And whereas the Quorum of Nine Trustees, appointed by the said first recited Act, in certain Cases is found to be too large, it frequently happening that so greats Number cannot be assembled; be it therefore enacted, That all Acts, Powers, Matters, and Things which by the said Acts are authorized, directed, and required to be done, executed, performed, and determined by Nine or more Trustees, shall and may from Time to Time be done, executed, performed, and determined by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, the said recited Acts or any Thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwitl-standing.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or to the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the surposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases the fame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid and discharged by the Trustees for putting the said former Acts and this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, out of any Money which hath arilen by virtue of the said former Acts, or out of the first Money which shall arise by virtue thereof and of this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons wfaom-soever, without specially pleading the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall, upon the passing hereof, cease and deter-

\_Loc. fc? Per. J 3 B mine

189

Appkation where the C in ten Cation dees not exceed too/* nor 1 cis than 30 /.

Application wh re the Money h lefi than 4c/.

For paying the Expecet of this Act.

Pat lick AS.

Term of the ASt.

igo

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

mine; and that the said Acts and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 19.

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-fir!! Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester in the said County, and Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester, and from Alcefier, through Great Coughton aijd Crabs Cross, in the said County of Warwick, and through Hewell Lane and Bur cot t, to the Cross of Hands on a Common called The Leekhay, and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and lutnell, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester.

[30th April 1801.]

[Aw. 6? Per.] 3 C WHEREAS

194

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

[Preamble.]

»7 Geo If, ami

tt Geo. III. recited.

Former s

1 nit her continued.

Common

Carriage

Road

through the Town of AUefter,

Part

of the furn-p:ke Road.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roaas from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County ^Warwick, through Ala fter in the said County, and Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester, and from Alcester, through Great Coughton and Crabs Cross in the said County of Warwick, a> d through Hewell Lane and Burcott, to the Cross of Ha: ds on a Common called The Leckhay, and out of Hewell through Church Lane and Tutnell, to Bromsgrove in the said County of Worcester, certain Tolls, Powers, and Authorities were given and granted for repairing and widening the said Roads; and which Act was to have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Stfiion rf Parliament: And whereas by another Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said recited Act was continued, from and after the Expiration of the Term thereby granted, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the Trustees acting in the Execution of the said Acts have made great Progress in repairing and widening the said Roads, and a considerable Sum of Money, borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, now remains due, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts (which is near expiring) be further continued, and some Amendments made thereto; m.iy it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Term granted by the said recited Acts shall be repealed; and that the fad recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things thetein contained, (except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, aitertd, or repealed, and a.lo such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties) shill be and remain in lull Force arid Efieft, and together with this p'relent Ad, shall be put in Execution for the several Purposes thereby and hereby intended, for and during the Term hereinafter granted, as fully and effectually in all Relpeds, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; which said Term hereby granted shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due on the said Roads, on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts and of this Act, and all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Carriage Road through the Town of Alcester aforesaid, ought to be considered as Part of the Turnpike Road, and to be repaired and kept in Repair at the Expence of the said Trustees; for the obviating and rtmoving fucl\ Doubts, be it further enacted, That the Common Carriage Road through the Centre of-»he laid Town of Alcester, shall, immediately on the Commencement of this present Act, be deemed and taken to be a Part of the said Turnpike Road, and shall from Time to Time be amended and kept in Repair by the Trustees of the said Roads, out of the Tolls autho. ized by the

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. *95

the said recited Acts to be collected thereon; but noth.ng herein contained shall authorize the said Trustees to apply any Part of the said Tolls in amending and keeping in Repair any Part of the Footways on either Side of the said Carriage Road.

III. And be it further enacted, That John Peter Soileau, of Alcester afore- Additional said, Esquire, James Mrichell, of Salford, Esquire, Rickard Simcoe Carless Trustt.es. Clcik, John Mills the Younger, Richatd Morgan, John Gould, and Richard

Wall of Dunninglon, *nd William Jor.es Gentlemen, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the surviving and remaining Trustees appointed in or elected by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them; and that the said several Persons herein-before named, together with those who were appointed or elected Trustees, in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, being qualified as in the said recited Acts are mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees to put the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they had been appointed by the said recited Acts or either of them.

IV. And whereas by a Clause in the said recited Act of the Twenty- clause, rfi-seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, the Trustees thereby appointed are directed to hold Two Annual Meetings on the Days therein hold Two mentioned, namely, the First Wednesday in April and the Last Wednesday s in September in every Year, which Meetings from Experience have been ^peale!.’ found very inconvenient to the Trustees, be it therefore further enacted.

That fom and after the Commencement of this Act, the said Clause shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences in- For paying curred iu obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid out of any Money o'^heA"'* already collected and received, or out of the first Monies herejfter to be collected and received by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of

them, or of this Act, in preference to any other Payment whatever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged. Declaring deemid, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken No-

tice if as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Commence-take place upon the Monday next after the passing thereof, and shall con- c,!"*nuance tinue in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from otthe act. thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 20.

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Car-lijle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Wor king ton, in the said County, so far as the fame relate to the Road between the Town of Cocker mouth and Workington aforesaid.

[30th April 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in the said County, whereby certain Tolls, Powers, and Authorities, were given and granted for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the

8pi

V - r

t rlijal

Ultij;4y i

[Preamble.]

a6 Geo. li, and

198

T9 Gf«. Ill, ltcited.

A3s fuithfr continued.

Additional

TrulUts.

Tor paying the Expeiues o: the Ad.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

said Road; and which Act was to have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas another Act was made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of the said recited Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His late Majesty, so far as the fame relates to the Road between the Town of Cocker mouth and Workington aforesaid: And whereas the Trustees acting in the Execution of the said Acts have borfowed, upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on such Part of the said Road as lies between the Town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid, a considerable Sum of Money, which now remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts (so far as the fame relate to the said Road between the Town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid) be further continued: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afferob.led, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all Ihe Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties', Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties), so far as the fame relate to the said Road between the Town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and, together with this present Act, shall be put in Execution for the several Purposes thereby and hereby intended, for and during the Term herein-after granted, as fully and effectually in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; which said Term hereby granted shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due upon the Credit of the said recited Acts, and of this Act, and all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That John Hamilton, Humphrey Senhouse of Hamejhill, William Dawson, John Kaye, Joseph Dykes, Ballantine Dykes, Joseph Tiffin Senhouse, John Spcdding, Roger Williamson, Andrew Greene, Esquires; John Wheatley Clerk, John Steele, John Tick ell, Joseph 1 ickell, John Thompson, Henry Westray, John Sanderson Fi/her, Thomas Birket, and Richard Atkinson, Gentlemen, (being qualified a~cording to the Directions of the said first-mentioned Act), shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the surviving and remaining Trustees appointed in or elected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them; and that the said several Persons herein-before named, together with those who were appointed or elected Trustees in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees to put the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed by the said recited Acts or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Experces of obtaining and passing this Act shall be paid out of any Money already collected and received, or out of the First Monies hereafter to be collected

and

i99

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

and received by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or of this Act, with respect to the said Road between the Town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid, in Preference to any other Payment whatsoever.

[Publick Act.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, ad- judged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken

Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Commoncc-take place from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hun- continuance dred and one, and shall continue in force for and during the Term of of the Act. Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 21.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hickling in the County of Norfolk.

[30th April 1801.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Hickling in the County Preamble, of Norfolk, ceruioOpen Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and also a certain Tratt of Marfti or Fen Ground called Motley, and also certain other Marsh and Fen Lands: And whereas Nathaniel M.cklethwaite F.'quire, is Lord of the several Manors of Hickling Netherhall, HUkling Overhall, and Hickling Stannow, and is entitled to certain Lands and Tenements lying within the said Parish of Hickling, and also to the Great or Reiftorial Tythes arising within the said Parish, and is Patron of the Vicarage of Hickling aforesaid, of which John Wells, Clerk, is Vicar: And whereas the said Nat ha nil Mickle-thwaite, George Culitt, and Charles Stewart, Esquires, John Bygrave, and divers other Persons, respectively are Owners and Proprietors of all the ILoc. y Per.] 3 £ Mef-

202

OnenlCom-

m.flwners.

Notice of General Com* mihloners Meetings.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Messuages, Cottages. Lands, Tenement?, and Hereditaments, situate within the said Parish of Hick ling: And whereas the Marsh and Fen Lands, and the greater Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, are frequently overflowed with Water, and in their present State and Condition, for want of sufficient Drainage, yield but little Profit to the several Persons interested therein: And whereas it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested in the Premises, if the Rights of Common, and other Rights at present existing over the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds were extinguished, and if the said Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and the said Marsh Lands called Motley, were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Estates, Rights and Interests; and if such Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and the said Marsh Lands and Fen Grounds were drained: But as such Extinguishment, Allotment, and Drainage, cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Glover Evoen and William Unibank, bnth of the City of Norwich, Gentlemen, and Rohm IVynier, ol Latnfnas in the County of Norfolk, Gentleman, and their Successor?, shall be and they are hereby appointed General Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and also the said Marsh called Motley, and for draining certain Parts thereof, and of certain other Marsh Lands within the said Parish of Hickling, and for the several other Purposes herein-mentioned; and if any of the General Commissioners herein named or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, before the Execution of all ihe Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him or them, die, or refuse or become incapable to act in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining General Commissioners or Commissioner, and they and he are and k hereby required, at any Time within Forty Days next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be known to them or him, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, to appoint another Person (not being interested in the Premises) to be a General Commissioner in the Place of each General Commissioner so dying, or refusing or becoming incapable to act; and every General Commissioner so to be appointed as aforrl'aid, shall, after taking the Oath herein after mentioned, have the like powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, in all Respects, as if he had been n.med a General Commissioner in and by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, to cause Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of their First Meeting, and every other Meeting for the Execution of this Act, to be inserted in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mertury, or in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of Norfolk, Eight Days at lead before every such Meeting (Meetings by Ac journment only excepted); and all Acts, Matters, and Things authorized or necessary to be done and executed by the said General Conttn lift oners, may be done and executed by any Two of them.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. zi. aog

and the same shall be as valid and effectual, and shall have the fame Force and Effect, as if such Acts, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all the said General Commissioners.

III. Provided always, That if at any Meeting appointed to be bolden One General by the said General Commissioners, it shall happen that no more than

One General Commissioner shall attend, such General Commissioner may 1 "rn‘ adjourn such Meeting to such Time and Place within the said Parish of Hukling, or within Twenty-one Miles thereof, as he shall think most convenient.

IV. Provided also, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Ge- Qualification neral Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (unless it be in the

Power hereby given ot appointing the First Meeting, and administering sioners. the following Oath to the other General Commissioners) until he shall have taken the following Oath (that is to say)

‘ r A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly,

1 1 examine into, hear, and determine all such Matters and Things as

shall be brought before me, as a General Commissioner by virtue of an Act of Parliament for dividing, allotting, ineijing, draining, and preserv-

ing the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and P/aJle Grounds

within the Parish of Hickling, in the County of Norfolk, and otherwise ‘ execute the Powers thereby in me reposed, according to the best of my

Skill and Judgement, and without Favour or Affection to any Person or ‘ Persons whomsoever.

So help me GOD.’

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful to and for any One of the said General Commissioners to administer, and he is hereby required to administer the same to any other of the said General Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That with all convenient Speed after the Viluatiommd passing of this Act, a true and perfect Admeasurement of all the Lands *arJ'y to fce and Grounds lying within the said Parish of Hickling, shall be made and

laid down, as a Survey and Plan, by the said General Commissioners, or by such other Person or Persons as the said General Commissioners shall appoint; and that a true and perfect Valuation of all the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements situate, lying, and being within the said Parish of Hickling, shall be made and reduced into Writing by the said General Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as the said General Commissioners shall appoinc; which laid Survey shall contain and fee forth the Number of Messuages, Cottages, Acres, Roods and Perches, in Statute Measure, belonging to each Proprietor, and also the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches contained in the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and the said Valuation shall also set forth the Annual Value of the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements belonging to each Proprietor, and the Annual Value of the said Commons,

Fens, and Waste Grounds; and the said Plan, Survey, and Valuation,

shall be used by the said General Commissioners as often as Occasion shall requirej and the said Plan, Survey, and Valuation (in Case the lame shall be made by any other Person or Persons than the said General Commissioners) together with all other Acts, Matters, and Things to be done

204

For afiirertaining Bounda-lies.

Appeal to Seffio.is ar aintt Boundaries*

For shortening the Boundary Fence* adjoining Pa. r.flics.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

by the Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be verified by his or their Oath (which Oath any One of the said General Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer); and the said General Commissioners, and Surveyor or Surveyors, their Assistants and Servants, and all and every other Person or Persons respectively employed by the said General Commissioners, shall and they have full and free Liberty and Power, at any Time before the Execution of the Award herein directrd to be made by the said General Commissioners, to enter into, view, examine, survey, admeasure, plan, and value, the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Parish of Hickling, and to fix Stakes or Land Marks thereon, and to do all Matters and Things which in the Judgement of the said General Commissioners shall be requisite for carrying this Act into Execution.

VI. And whereas Disputes may happen to arise touching the Boundaries of the said Parish of Hickling; in order to settle such Disputes, be it therefore enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to perambulate the Boundaries of the said Parish of Hickling, and to cause Notice of their Intention to make such Perambu-lation to be inserted in the said Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or ih some other Newsprper printed and circulated within the said County of Norfo k, Ten Days at lead before the Time of such Perambulation; and after ihe Expiration of the Time to be specified in such Notice, they thf said General Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to enquire into, let out, ascertain, fix, and determine the Boundaries of the said Parish of hickling; and a Description of the Boundaries thereof shall within Foty Days afterwards be inserted in the said Norfolk Chronicle ox Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of Norfolk.

VII. Provided always, That if the Proprietors of Estates. within or Inhabitants of the said Parish of Hickling, or of any Parish or Parishes adjoining thereto, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said General Commissioners respecting the Boundaries so by them set out, such Pioprictors or Inhabitants, or any of them, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Norfolk, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden within Four Calendar Months next after the aforesaid Publication of the said Boundaries; the Party or Parties making such Appeal, giving Ten Days Notice of such Appeal, and of the Matters thereof, in Writing to the said General Commissioners, or any Two of them; and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive.

VIII. And whereas it may shorten the Boundary Ditches and Fences between the Lands lying in the said Parish of Hickling and the Lands lying in the Parish or Parishes adjoining thereto, if the said Genetal Comfni:. sioners were empoweied to cause such Ditches and Fencesto be made and raised in such Direction as they shall think mod pr, oper and convenient for shortening and making the same regular be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the m^jor Part in Value of the Land Owners in any Parish or Parishes adjoining to the said Parish of Hickling, and also under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors in any such adjoining

5

41° GEORGII III. Cap.n. 205

joining Parish or Parishes, and of the Owner or Owners of the Land upon which such Ditch or Ditches, Fence or Fences shall or may be intended to be made, to let out, ascertain, and determine the Boundary-Ditches and Fences to be made between the Lands and Grounds lying in the said Parish of Hickling and the Lands lying in such adjoining Parish or Parishes, as they shall judge proper (or the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundaries shall be io set out, al'certained, and determined as aforesaid, the same shall be ditched or fenced in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, as the said General Commissioners shall dirrft, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said Parish of stickling and such adjoining Parish or Parishes, any Law,

Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons having Houses or Tene- Limitation of mems in the said Parish of Hickling which have been erected Twenty

Years, and in respect of which a Right or Rights of Common Upon thd ommon* f-

laid Commons, Tens, and Waste Grounds, have been exercised during

that Time without Interruption, shall, on their preferring their respective

Claims in Manner herein-after ditefted, have and be deemed to have a

Right or Rights of Common, in, over, or upon the fame, in Respect of such Houses or Tenements-, and that the Owners of Lands in the said

Parish of Hickling, which have not within Sixty Years now last part bee.i

Part or Pared of the said Commons, Fens, or Waste Grounds, shall, on

their delivering their respective Claims in like Manner, have and be

deemed to have a Right of Common thereon, for their Commonable

Cattle, levant and couchant, upon their respective Lands; and that all

Encroachments which within Twenty Years now last part:, have been

made upon the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, shall be

deemed Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly by the said General Commissioners; and in Cafe any Dispute shall atife touching

any such Encroachments, or the txteot thereof, such Disputes shall be

finally determined by the said General Commissioners.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, claims to by Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, having or claiming to delivered at have any Estate or Property, or any Right of Common or other Right d *£e£ or Intcieft whatsoever, in, to, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds ing of the Ge. hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, shall by mirtionerel" himself, herself, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Guardians, Trustees, Agents, or Tenants, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby respectivrly required, at the First or Second Meeting of the said General Commissioners to be hoklen in pursuance of this Act, to dtliver in Writing to the said General Commissioners, a true and just Account of the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements belonging to him, her, of

them rrljx-ftively, for or in respect of which such Estate, Property,

Right of Common, or other Right or Inrerelt shall be cl imed, describing the Quantity of the Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Parts thereof respectively, and the Manor or Manors of which such Copyhold Parts arc holdrn; and also a true and just Account of his, her, and their respective Claims, Rights, and Interests in, to, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds htteby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof; and that no such Accounts or Claims shall be received by the [Lee. ft? Per.] 3 F laid

206

41° GEORGII III. Cap. at.

said General Commissioners after such their Second Meeting, except for some special Cause to be allowed by them , and all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, neglecting or refusing to deliver such Accounts as aforesaid, shall be and is and are hereby excluded and debarred from all Rights of Common and other Rights or Interests whatsoever, in, to, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or in, to, over, or upon any Part or Parts of the same to be assigned or allotted to any other Person or Persons by virtue of or under this Act; and if any One or more of the said Owners and Proprietors, or other Persons interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, shall have any Objection or Objections to the said Accounts or Claims, or any of them, such Objeo tion or Objections shall be reduced into Writing, and delivered to the said General Commissioners, and to such other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Account or Account*, Claim or Claims shall be objected to, in such Manner and at such Time or Times as the said General Commissioners shall appoint.

General Com-

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise feufe°Differ- between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the encei. said intended Division and Allotments, touching or concerning the respective Rights, Interests, Shares, and Proportions, which they or any of them shall claim to have, of and in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or concerning any Allowance claimed or to be made for ploughing, sowing, cultivating, manuring, or improving the said Lands and Gtounds or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Allotments, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, as well by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath any Ore of the said General Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer), as upon any other proper and sufficient Inquiry and Evidence, to examine into, hear, and finally determine the same.

General Com-

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for mlffiooersmay the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby required, from Time Whaeffe*. to Time as they shall see Occasion, by any Writing under their Hands, to summon and require any Person or Persons to appear before them at any Timeand Place in such Writing mentioned, and to testify the Truth upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said General Commissioners i* hereby empowered to administer) touching any Matter in Difference or Dispute between any of the said Proprietors or Persons interested, or concerning any Matter or Thing wherein any Doubt or Difficulty shall occur to the said General Commissioners, and to cause a Duplicate or Copy of such Writing to be delivered to every such Person required to testify, or left at his or her last or usual Place of Abo ie; and if any Person or Perlors having been so summoned as aforesaid, and having been paid or tendered a sufficient Sum of Money, to be ascertained by the said General Commissioners, to defray the Charges of his, her, or their Attendance or Attendances, shall, without any just and reasonable Excufo, neglect or refuse to appear before the said General Commissioners, pursuant to such Summons or Writing, or shall rcfule to be (wo n or to be examined, or to give Evidence touching the Premises, then and in every

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21. 20»7

such case the said General Commissioners, (due Proof being made before them upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said General Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer) of the Service of such Summons upon the Person or Persons who shall not appear before them at the Time and Place therein specified, and of Inch Person or Persons having been paid or fendtred a sufficient Sum of Money to defray the Charges of his, her, or their Attendance) shall cause and they are hereby required to cause, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Sum of Money, not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattel* of every Person so neglecting or refusing to appear, or to be sworn or to be examined, of to give Evidence, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold) after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid, shall be applied towards de» fraying the Costs and Charges of obtaining and executing this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in Case the said General Com- General Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any Determination of the said General Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims,

Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neg-k-Ct or refuse to pay the same on Demand, then and in such Calc it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant under their Hinds and Seals, directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neg-IcCting or refusing to pay the lame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick. Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Diltrels and Sale.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Person or p,wtr to try Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested lights hym or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allot- I£rucat Laments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said General Commissioners, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right

to the Soil of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds or of any Right ot Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said General Commissioners, aj at

308

Commissioneri not to determine Titles.

Disputeiabout Titles not to impede the Proceedings or the Execution of this

AO.

No Flags, y e. to Hecu: after parting this Act, without Leave of the General Commiihoners.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. si.

at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Norfolk, and for that Purpose thr Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said General Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought, upon a feigned Issue, again!! the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whole Favour such Detirmination shall have been made, within One Calendar Month after such Determination of the said General Commissioners, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and actrpt One or more Issue or Issue?, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the (fight or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Patties shall differ about the fame); and that alter such Trial or Trials the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to ad in Conformity to the Verdict or Verdicts thereupon given, and to allow or disallowof the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such 'IT ial cr Trials,

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained fhd) authorize the said General Commissioners to determine the Title to any Mef* fuages. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments wliatfofever.

i

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Suits shall be commenced or prosecuted, touching or concerning the Title of any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, in or to any Messuagts, Lands, Tenements, or ITerediramenrs in the said Parish of Hickling, such Suit or Suits shall not impede, delay, or hinder the said General Commissioners from proceeding to the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act, but the said Division and Allormer.t shall be proceeded in notwithstanding such Difpure or Suit, and such Allotment or Allotments may be had and taken by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who, upon the Determination of such Difference or Suit, shall become entitled to the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, after the passing of this Act, cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or cairy away any Rulhes, Fodder, Reed, Turf, or Flags, in, upon, or fioni the said Communs,

Fens, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without or contraty to the Licence of the said General Commissioners first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose (which Licence the said General G mm, ffioners are hereby empowered to grar.r, under such Roles, Orders, Regulations, and Restrictions, as thty shall think proper to intert therein) then and in every such Cale the said General Commissioners, upon due Proof thereof made before them upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said General Commissioners is hereby authorized to administer) shall cause, and they are hereby required to cause, by Warrant under their Hands anil Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Sum of Monet, not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every Person so offending in the P.emilcs, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deduding the

Celts

209

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid, shall be applied towards defraying the Costs and Charges of obtaining and executing this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to For extin* and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, gu«ib»w or at any Time before the Execution of the Award herein directed to be Right'sof^ made by them, in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Hickling aforesaid, to order or A*ar<j* direct all or any Part of the Rights of Common, or other Rights or In-tereftsin, over, and upon the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds,

or any Part thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended, for and during such Time as shall be expressed in such Writing, and that all such Rights as the said General Commissioners shall, by such Wilting, order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall, from the Time of affixing such Writing on the said Church Door, cesfe, determine, and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly j any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commis- Drainage sioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required (with the Con- aulc' sent of Two Thirds in Value of the Proprietors of Messuages, Lands,

and Tenements in the said Parish of Hickling, expressed in Writing under their respective Hands, and not otherwise) by such Agents, Workmen, and Labourers, as they the said General Commissioners shall think fit to employ, to make and ered, or cause to be made or erected, all such Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works, in, ihrough, upon, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, and in, through, over, or upon any other Lands in the said Parish of Hickling, requiring in the Opinion of the said General Commissioners to be diained, as they the said General Commissioners shall judge proper.and expedient for e/Fedually draining such Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and such other Lands in the said Parish of Hickling, as in their Opinion shall require to be drained, and to ered, or cause to be erected, such Hou/cs or Buildings for the Habitation of the Person or Persons who shall have the Care or Superintendance of the said Works of Drainage, or any of them, or for depositing Stores or Materials necessary for the making or maintaining of such Works, as they the said General Commissioners shall think proper, and also to make a Dike through any Part of the said Lands and Grounds, to the common River or Broad adjoining thereto, to be ufedas a common or public k Boat Dike by the Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the said Parish ot Ihck'ing for the Time being, for the Conveyance of Corn, Manure, and other Things to and from the said River or Broad, if they the said Gencial Commissioners shall think pioper; and that the said General Commissioners shall fee out and allot unto the Commissioners for Drainage, herein-after appointed, the Drains,

Damr, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, Houks, Buildings,

Boat D.ke and-other Works so to be made and erefled by them, and such Parts of the said Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, as they shall think proper, for the maintaining, repairing, or preserving of the fame , and also a Piece or Pieces of Land adjoining to the said [Z«r. L? TV.] 3 G Boat

£io GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Boat Dike or Broad, to be used as a publick Staith or public Sttitbs, by the Owners and Oicupiers of Estates within the said Parish of Htikling for the Time being, for the laying and depofuing thereon of the Corn, Manure, and other Things which shall be conveyed, or shall be intended to be conveyed to or from the said common River by means of the said Boat Dike.

Compensation

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commir-

Lands4tken°r lionets shall, at or before the Execution of their said Award, make or cause to be made such Compenfarion in Money, as they shall think pro-pet, for any Land or Ground which shall be taken or used for the making or creating of the said Drains Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, Houses, Buildings, Boat Dike, and other Works, or any of them, or fct out and allotted for repairing or preserving the lame, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Land or Ground to be taken, used, set out, or allotted for the Purposes above-mentioned, or any of them; and such Money shall be applied by the said General Commissioners in the Difchsrge of such Proportion of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, as the Proprietor or Proprietors whose Lands shall have been so taken, used, set out, or allotted, shall be subject or liable to pay, and the Overplus (if any) shall be by them paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the fame: Provided always, that if any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Hufbmd, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, or any Person acting as Guardian, Committee, or Trustee for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or any Person or Persons whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in ftridf or other Settlement, shall be entitled to receive such Sum of Money or Overplus, the same shall be by the said General Commissioners applied and disposed of in Manner directed by this Act.

Roads.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall fee out and appoint such publick and private Roads and Ways through and over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as they shall think necessary and proper, so that all new publick Carriage Roads so to be set out and appointed as aforesaid, shall contain Thirty Feet in Breadth between and exclusive of the Ditches, and shall be well and sufficiently fenced out on both Sides, in such Manner and within such Time as the said General Commissioners shall direct and appoint; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person to ered any Gate across any of the said publick Roads, or to plant any Trees in or near the Hedges on the Sides thereof, at a lets Distance from each other than Fifty Yards; and after such publick Carriage Roads shall have been let out as aforesaid, the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint feme proper Person to be a Surveyor thereof, and such Surveyor shall caulc the said new Roads to be formed and put in good and sufficient Repair, and shall be allowed such Salary or Reward for his Trouble therein, as the said General Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, direct and appoint; which Salary or Reward, and also the Expences, over and b> (ides the Statute Duty, of forming the said new Roads, and putting the fanv into good and sufficient Repair, shall be borne and paid by the fe\Ofd Pci Ions, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

who is and are hereby charged with or made liable to the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, and shall be raised by a Kate to be laid on such Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate respectively, according to the Annual Value of their respective Estates within the said Panto of Hicklin^, such Rate to be made and assessed by the said General Commissioners, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, or by any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, upon Application made for that Purpose by the said Surveyor, and to be collected and received by such Person or Persons as the said General Commissioners or Justice, by whom such Kate shall be made and assessed, toall by Writing appoint; and in case any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, toall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their Share or Shares of the said Rate, within Ten Days next after Demand thereof made, the fame toall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said General Commissioners, or the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County (as the Calc may be) which Warrant the said General Commissioners or any Justice are and is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Proof on Oath of such Neglect or Refusal, and of such Demand as aforesaid (which Oath the said General Commissioners or such Justice are and is hereby empowered to administer); and the Overplus (if any) after such Share or Shares of the Rate, and the Charges of levying the fame, toall have been deducted, toall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels: and that none of the Inhabitants of the said Parito of Hiciling, other than the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who is and are hereby charged with or made liable to the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, toall be charged or chargeable (over and above the Statute Duty) towards the forming or repairing such new publick Roads, until the fame toall be made fit for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, and toall have been certified so to be by such Surveyor, by Writing under his Hand, to be delivered to the Justices at some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, and such Certificate toall have been allowed and con* firmed by them, which said Certificate toall be delivered to the said Justices at their General Quarter Sessions to be holden next after the said new Roads toall be formed and put in Repair as aforesaid, and within the Space of Two Years next after the Execution of the said Award, unless sufficienc Reason be given, to the Satisfaction of the said Justices, that a further Time is necessary for that Purpose, in which Cafe the said Justices may, and they are hereby empowered, to allow inch further Time for the Delivery of the said Certificate as they toall think proper, not exceeding One Year; and in case the said Surveyor toall neglect or refuse to deliver the said Certificate within the Time before limited, such Surveyor toall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be te* covered by Distress and Sale of his Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace of the said County, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the said Surveyor, after deducting the Charges and Expences of such Warrant, Distiefs and Sale; and such Penalty, when recovered, toall be applied in aid of the Rate to be made

as

111

212

No Roads to be fiiut up until others are set out.

Notice to be given of Roads being set out.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

as aforesaid, and that when such Certificate shall have been delivered to the said Justices by the said Surveyor as aforesaid, and shall have been by them allowed and confirmed, the said Roads shall for ever thereafter be repaired and kept in Repair in such Manner as other publick Highways are by Law to be repaired; and that when the said publick Roads and Ways shall be so set out, appointed, and made as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to use any other Roads or Ways, either publick or private, over or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, on Foot, or with Horses, Cattle, or Carriages-, and all Roads and Ways which shall not be so set out and appointed as the Roads and Ways through or over the said L ands and Grounds, shall be deemed to be Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly; and all the publick Bridie or Footways, and all private Ways, and also the Fences next the said publick Highways or Roads, shall be made and raised, and at all Times hereafter maintained and kept in Repair, in such Manner and Form, at such Charges anti Expences, and by such Person or Persons, as the said General Commissioners shall by their said Award order, direct, and appoint; and all and every Owner and Owners of Lands so charged with such Repairs, shall respectively be liable and deemed chargeable therewith, by reason of the Tenure of his, her, or their rc'prftive Lands; and the Grass and Herbage growing and renewing on all the said publick Roads or Ways, shall be taken and enjoyed by such Person or Persons as the said General Commissioners shall appoint, and by no other Person or Persons whomsoever.

XXII. Provided always, That none of the present Roads shall be (hut up and discontinued, until the said General Commissioners shall have caused the said publick Roads to be set out as aforesaid, and until the same shall be properly formed and made fate and convenient for Hories, Cattle, and Carriages.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall, before the setting out any new Roads or Highways, cause a Notice of their Intention in that Behalf, and a Def tiption of the Roads and Highways so intended to be set out aed appointed by them, co be inferred in the Norfolk Chronicle or Ni.rw.ch Mercury, if then pubhftied, and if not, then in feme other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Norfolk; and in futh Notice the said General Commissioners shall appoint some Meeting for receiving Objections to such Roads and Highways, but no such Meeting so to be appointed (Hall be holden sooner than Ten Days after the Publication of such Notice; and if any Person or Persons shall have any Objection to the Roads or 1 ligh-ways lb intended to be set out or any or them, or shall prnpo c any other Roads or Highways, such Person or Persons shall deliver his, her, or their Objections or Proposals to the said General Commissioners at such Meeting, and the said General Commissioners shall thereupon hear the Allegations and Evidence offered and produced in support of the fiitl Objtftions and Proposals; and in case the Lid General Commissioners shall retufc or shall not agree to let out any other Roads or Highways ro the Sacisfaction of the Person or Persons so objecting or making such Proposals as aforesaid, then, and in every such Cu.t, it shall and m y be lawful

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21. ii$

lawful to and for the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the setting out. Appointment, or Disposition of any such publick Roads or Highways as aforesaid, to appeal against all or any of such public Roads or Highways, to some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden in and for the said County of Norfolk, within Four Calendar Months next after such Meeting (Notice in Writing of such Appeal being fii ft given to any Two of the said General Commissioners, within Ten Days after such Meeting, and the Party or Parties intending to make such an Appeal, within Four Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before One Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, with Two sufficient Sureties, in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Twenty Pounds, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by such Justices at such Quarter Sessions), and he, she, or they shall be heard by himself, herself, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Counsel, Agents, Attornies, and Witnesses, and that the said General Commissioners, or One of them, or their Surveyor or Clerk, shall attend at such Sessions, and the Justices before whom such Appeal shall be made, upon due Proof of such Notice bring given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall, on hearing the Evidence, finally determine whether the said Roads or Highways so appealed against shall be made, or whether any other Roads or Highways shall be set out, and shall make and give such Orders and Directions touching the Matter before them, and award such Costs, as to them shall seem necessary and expedient in that Behalf-, and such Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case no such Notice shall be given to Two of the said General Commissioners as aforesaid, or such Recognizance shall not be entered into, or such Appeal shall not be proceeded in as aforesaid, then such setting out. Appointment, and Disposition of the said Roads and Highways by the said General Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commit Allotment so« sioners shall assign, set out, and allot unto the Surveyor of the Highways Gravel Pits, within the said Parish of Hickling for the Time being, such Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, not exceeding Five Acres in the Whole, as the said General Commissioners shall think necessary, as and for publick Watering Places for Cattle, and as and for publick Sand, Gravel, Clay, and Chalk Pits; and the fame Allotment or Allotments when set out, shall for ever thereafter be used by the said Surveyor of the Highways, and by the Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements within the said Parish of Hickling, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as the Commissioners for Drainage herein appointed shall from Time to Time direct or appoint.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commit Allotment for sioners shall in the next place assign, set out, and allot unto the Lord or the Poor for Lords of the said Manors, the Vicar of the said Vicarage of Hickling, irins'

JXw. y Ptr.J 3 H and

ii4 41° GEORGII i III. Cap. it.

and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of tire said Parish of Hickling for the Tim- being, Id much and such Part of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds as in the Judgement of the said General Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One Fifteenth Part of the Value of the fame Commons, Fens, and Wufle Grounds-, and the said Allotment or Allotments shall, from ansi after the Execution of the Award herein after mentioned, be vested in the Lord or Lords of the said Manors, the said Vicar and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being for ever as Trustees for the Poor of the same Parish; and the said Trullees, or the mjjor Part of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, by Writing under their 1 lands and Seals, to lease or dem.fe to any Person or Persons whomsoever the said Allotment or Allotments, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term of Years not exceed ng Fourteen Years; so that in every such Lease there be reserved and made payable to the said Trullees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, by equal Half Yearly Payments in every Year, the bell and moll unproved Yearly Rent or Kents that can be obtained lor the said Allotment or Allotments, or such Part therepf as shall be thereby detnfed, without tak.ng any Income, Fine, Premium, or Foregift, in Consideration of granting such Lease or Leases; and that in all such Leases there be contained the usual Covenants and Stipulations between Lessors and Lessees, and such other Covenants and Stipulations, and such tecur ty for the Performance of the fame, as the said Trullees, or the major Part of them, shall think proper to be infeited therein; and the Rents and Profits arising from the said Allotment or Allotments, shall from Time to Time be laid cue in purchasing Fuel, and such Fuel shall be distributed amongst the poor Inhabitants of the said Parish if Hickling, who shall be legally settled and resident therein, and shall not occupy Lands and Tenements of mure than the Yearly Value of Five Pounds, in such Shares and Proportions, at such Times in every Year, and according to such Rules and Directions as shall from Time to Time be made and prescribed by the said Trullees for the Time being, or the maj r Part o! them, for that Purpose, and not ot’nerwife and the Part or Parts of the said Allotment or Allotments which shall not be so leased or demised, shall be used and enjoyed solely and exclusively by such poor Inhabitants of the said Parish as aforesaid, as a Common of Failure, in such Manner,'at lUch.Timeor Times, and according to such Rules and Directions, as the said Trullees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall appoint and prescribe for that Purpose, and not otherwil'c.

XXVI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords of the said Manors, and the Vicar of the said Vicarage for the Time being, to act in the Execution of the Trulls hereby itposed in them, by their respective Agents or Proxies, such respective Agents or Proxies being appointed by Writing under the respetliVe Hands ol such Lord or Lords, and Vicar for the Time being, and producing their respective Appointments at the Time of their acting by virtue thereof.

Allotment for

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Comtrif-KightofSo.l. sioners shall in the next place assign, set out, and allot unto and for the Lord or Lords of the Soil of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, such Pan of the same as in the Judgement of the said General Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One Eighteenth Part of the

Value

Jjordt of tfiC Maners anf Vicars to act by Vtory.

2*5

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Value of the said Common?, Fens, and Waste Grounds; and such Allotment shall be a Recompence and Compensation for his or their Right or Rights in and to the Soil of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Com- Allotment of missioners shall then assign, fct out, and allot the Residue and Remainder the Kefidut. of the said Lands' and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted,

unto and amongst all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, being Owner or Owners of the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or having any Right or Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, in such Parts and Shares as the said General Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of, and a full Satisfaction and Compensation to him, her, or them respectively, for his, her, or their respective Shares, Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof.

XXIX. Provided always, That in making the said Allotments, the For laying the Lid General Commissioners shall have a due Regard as well to the Quality

and Quantity of the Lands and Grounds so to be divided and allotted as together, aforesaid, as also to the Situation and Contiguity of the same to the respective Habitations, Messuages, Barns, and other Property of the several Parties to or for whom such Lands and Ground^ shall respectively be assigned and allotted.

XXX. Provided also, That if any Person or Persons (five and except In case any the said Vicar in respect of the said Vicarage) hath loid, or contracted,

or agreed to fell, or shall at any Time before the Execution of the said tuon Right, Award, fell, or contract or agree to fell, his, her, or their Right, Interest, and Property in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby toihei’wcha-directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, to any other ftr.

Person or Persons, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee of Purchaser in every fjch Sale, Con ract, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of such Right, Interest, and Property so fold, or contracted or agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, or h:s or her Heirs or Assigns, shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in every such Sale,

Contract, or Agreement might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or Agreement for for the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being, Great Tythe*. of the Great or Re&orial Tyth'es arising or renewing within the said Parish

of Hicklins, to demand or take any such Tythes, or any Composition, Satisfaction, or Compensation in lieu thereof, from the Owner or Owners

Occupier or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of the said Commons, Fens,

’ and

aid

Agreement for VicaiV T f thtf*

General Co aimin'! oners to direct the Course of Husbandry.

General Commissioners may make Partition of undivided Estates.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

and Waste Grounds, for the Term of Three Years next after such Allotments shall have been made and assigned by the said General Commissioner3, for or in respect of any such Allotment or Allotments.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for the Vicar of the said Vicarage of Hickling, to demand or take any Tythe, or any CompoQtion, Satisfaction, or Compensation in lieu thereof, from the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, which shall not be drained by virtue of this Act, for the Term of Three Years next after such Allotments shall have been made and assigned by the said General Commissioners, for or in respect of any such Allotment or Allotments, or to demand or take any Tythe, or any Composition, Satisfaction, or Compensation in lieu thereof, from the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and which shall be drained by virtue of this Act, for the Term of Seven Years after such Allotments shall have been made and assigned by the said General Commissioners, for or in respect of such Part or Parts of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, which shall be so drained as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, until the Execution of the said Award, no Part of the Pat-ture or Fen Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall be ploughed up or converted into Tillage, without the Consent of the said General Commissioners first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose, and that all the Arable Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall, during that Time, be subject and liable to such Directions and Regulations as the said General Commissioners shall, from Time to Time by Writing under their Hands appoinr, as well with regard to the flocking, as to the ploughing, folding, tilling, sowing, and laying down the fame; and ic shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners to order and direct such Sum or Sums of Money in respect thereof, to be paid by any Person or Persons interested in the said Arable Lands, or any Part thereof, or his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, to any Person or Persons in like Manner interested therein, or his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, as they the said General Commissioners shall think reasonable; and in case any Person or Persons who shall be directed to pay any Sum or Sums of Money on any of the Accounts aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same on Demand, theo, and in such Cale, it shall be lawful for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the same for the Life and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be levied.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners to make Partition of any Messuages. Tenements, Lands, or other Hereditaments within the said Parish of Hickling, belonging to any Persons as Co-parceners or as Joint Tenants or Tenants in Common, so as every such Partition be made upon Application from, and by and with the Consent and Approbation of the several

Pro-

217

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Proprietors thereof, to be signified in Writing under their Hands, or under the Hands of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies duly authorized, of such of the said Proprietors as are under Coverture, Minors, Lunacicks, or beyond the Seas, or under any other Disabihty or Incapacity of acting for themselves, and be specified and declared in the Award of the said General Commissioners, or by any Instrument signed by them, to be inrolled with the said Award; and every such Partition shall be good, Valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustee or Trustees, Feoffee or Feoffees, and also for any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corpotate, or Collegiate, who is, are, or shall be Owner or Owners of any Messuages, Buildings,

I.ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Parish of Hickling; and also for the Husbands, Guardians, Committees, and Trustees of any of the said Owners, being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable to act for themselves; and also for all Persons acting as Guardians, Trustees, or Committees of such Owners respectively, being under any Disabihty whatsoever, whether such Owner or Owners be Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, to exchange all or any of his, her, or their Messuages, Cottages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Lands or Grounds to be allotted to him, her, or them respectively, by virtue of this Act, for any ether Messuages, Cottages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Parish of Iiic/cling, or any adjoining Parish or Parishes, or for any other Lands or Grounds to be allotted by virtue of this Act, so that all and every such Exchange and Exchanges be made with the Consent and Approbation of the said General Commissioners, and be described and ascertained in the said Award; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges shall be valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend^ so as to enable the said Vicar, or any other Person or Persons having any Ecclesiastical Preferment, and holding any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in right of any Church or Chapel, to make atiy furh Exchange or Exchanges without the Consent of the Diocesan, and of the Patron or Patrons thereof, expressed in Writing under their rHands and Seals,

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be made unto and for the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who by virtue of this Act shall be entitled to the fame, shall be in full Satisfaction and Compensation for their several Parts and Shares of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and for all their respective Rights and Interests in, over, and upon the fame-, and that from and immediately after the Execution of the said Award, all Rights of Common and other Interests whatsoever belonging to or claimed by any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, out of, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

I. TLcc. ft? P(T.] 3 /

For exchanging Lands.

Allotments to be made itl bar of former Rights.

i18

For obliging Persons to accept Allotments within a limited Time.

Guardians, See. may accept for Persons incapable.

But their Non-acceptance shall not prejudice Persons who shall accept within a certain Time after their D liabilities are icmoved.

For fencing Allotments.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Lands or Grounds shall be allotted by virtue of this Act, shall accept of their respective Allotments by taking Possession thereof within the Space of Six Calendar Months next alter the Execution of the said Award, and Notice thereof in Writing to them respectively given by the said General Commissioners, or left at their respective usual or lad Places of Abode, or given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the known Agent or Clerk of any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate j and in case any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall neglect or refuse to accept his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, within the Time herein for that Purpose mentioned, such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall be totally excluded/from and debarred of any Eftare, Interest, Right of Common, or any other Property whatsoever, in, to, over, or upon any Lands or Grounds which shall be assigned or allotted to any other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Policick, Corporate, or Collegiate, in pursuance of thisAdh

XXXVIII. Provided always, That the Guardians, Husbands, Committees, Trustees, or Attornies of any Person or Persons being Minors* under Coverture, Idiots, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable by Law to accept such Shares and Allotments as aforesaid, Ih ill, and they are hereby enabled and required to accept thereof for the Ul'eof such Person or Persons so incapacitated as aforesaid, and such Acceptance shall be and is hereby declared to be as valid and tffcdtual, as if the Person or Persons for or to whom such Allotments shall be made reflectively, were capable of acting for himself, herself, or themselves, and had accepted such Shares and Allotments as aforesaid i any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Provided also, That the Non-claim or Non-acceptance of any Guardian, Husband, Executor, Committee, or Trustee, shall not exclude or prejudice the Right or Claim of any Infant, Feme Covert, or Person under any Disability as aforesaid, who shall claim or accept his or her Share or Allotment within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after such Disability or Incapacity shall be removed, nor shall any such Non-claim or Non-acceptance exclude or prejudice the Claim or Right of any Person entitled as Heir or in Remainder after the Death of any Person dying under such Disability or Incapacity, the Person or Persons so entitled claiming or accepting his, her, or their Share or Allotment within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after his, her, or their Right, Title, or Interest shall have defeended or accrued.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced by such Person or Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate (save and except the said Surveyor of the Highways, Trustees for the Poor, and Commissioners for Drainage, for and in respect of the Allotments hereby directed to be made to them re-spedfively as aforesaid, as such Surveyor, Trustees, and Commissioners for Drainage) within such Time and in such Manner as the said General Commissioners shall, irt_ and by their said Award, order, direct, and appoint}

41° GEORGII III. Cap. ii. 219

point; and the Hedges, Ditches, Drains, and Fences which shall be made pursuant to the said Award, shall at all Times thereafter be maintained and kept in Repair, and cleanled by such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, as the said General Commissioners shall, by their laid Award order and direct; and if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall neg-left or refuse to make and raise such Hedges, Ditches, Drains, or Fences according to the Award of the said General Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered and required to cause such Hedges, Ditches, Drains, or Fences to be raised and made by such Person or Persons, , in such Manner, and at such Time or Times as they the said General Commissioners shall think proper; and if the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who ought to have raised and made such Hedges, Ditches, Drains, or Fences, shall neglect or refuse to pay the Costs and Expences of raising and making the same (such Costs and Expences being lettled by the said General Commissioners) within Ten Days after Demand made thereof, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby required to raise and levy the same, by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be raiftd and levied; and for better preserving the Pledges, Ditches, Banks, Plants, Quicksets, and Fences of the said intended Inclosures, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and at all Times, during the Term of Seven Years next after the Execution of the said Award, to set or fix Ports or Rails, or any other Guards on the Outside of the Hedges,

Banks, and Fences, bounding their respective Allotments; not exceeding Three Feet from such Hedges, Banks, and Fences, and at all seasonable Times, before the End of the said Term, to remove, take, and carry away such Ports, Rails, and other Guards, and to convert the same to their respective Uses.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That when the said General Com- Feneesmaybe missioners shall have staked out the several Allotments intended to be made before made by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of\he Award Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments is or are intended to be made, to inclose or fence such Allotment or Allotments, in such Manner as the said General Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands appoint, although the said Award shall not then have been executed.

XLII. Provided always, That convenient Gaps and Openings shall be For leaving left in the Fences and Inclosures to be made in pursuance of this Act, Gaps, for the Space of 'I'welye Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, for the Faftage of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, into and through the fame, unless the several Parties iiitetefted shall agree that the same shall be sooner fenced in, made up, and indofed. ’

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leafm void« Leases of any Meftiiages, Lands, or Tenements within the said Parish of to Allotments.

fflckling.

220

Allotment* shall be of the fame Tenure as the Lands for which they arc allotted.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. iu

tiickling, shall, as far as such Lease or Lrafes affect or concern any Allotment or Allotments to be made in respect of any such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements comprized in such Lease or Leafrs, or any Rights of Common, or other Rights appendant or appurtenant thereto, be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be null and void as to such Allotment and Allotments, and such Allotment and Allotments shall be made and assigned unto the Landlord or Landlords, and not to the Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or Lessees, and such Allotment and Allotments shall be freed and discharged from all the Right and Imereti which may or otherwise might be claimed in or to the fame, by virtue of such Lease or Leases; and the Person or Persons, or body or bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom the Messuages, Lands, or Tenements comprized in such Leaie or I.eafcs shall belong as Landlord or Landlords, shall make such Compensation co the Person or Persons entitled to the fame under such Lease or Leases as the said General Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands direct, for the Right of Common, or any other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, appendant or appurtenant to such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, and which shall be extinguished by this Act , and if any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall refuse or neglect to make such Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled thereto on Demand, then, and in such Case, ic shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the same for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons' entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means a3 the Colts, Charges, and Exprtftes of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be raised and levied.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Messuages, Cottagesj Lands, and Grounds which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act, to or with any Person or Persons, for or in lieu, or in respect of arty Messuages, Cotcages, Lands, and Grounds holden of any Manor or Manors by Copy of Court Roll, or for or in respect of any Lease* hold Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, or for or in respect of any Right of Common, or any other Right or Interest appurtenant or appendant to any such Copyhold or Leasehold Premifies, shall, from and after the Execution of the Laid Award, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or litafehold, and shall be holden as such, by and under the fame Tenure} Rents, Payments, Fines, Customs, and Services} as the Copyhold of Leasehold Mcfittages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements respectively, f«r er in lido, or in respect whereof Inch Allotmertt? or Exchanges shall be made, are now holden; and that all and every Person or Persons, to or1 with whom such Copyhold Lands and Prerrfifes shall be allotted or exchanged as aforesaid, shall, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the Lid Award, be admitted Tenanr, or Tenants to the fame, without paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords, or to the Steward of Stewards of the said Manor or Manors (save and except for Stamp Duties, and Parchment reqvrifite to be uteri for the Copies of such Ad millions respe finely, and such reasonable Fees to thi Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors, as the said General Commissioners shall by their said Award order and direct); but in case any Person or Persons to whom fitch Lands and Premises shall be allotted, shall die without Aclrni.Ttdn within the said Twelve Calendar 5 Months,

2 21

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Months, then the customary Fines and other Payments shall be due and payable on the Admission of the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands and Premises, and after every such First Admission, the Copyhold Parts so to be allotted as aforesaid, shall at all Times be holden under and subject to the fame Tenure, Fines, or other Payments, as the present Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, in lieu or in respect whereof such Lands and Premises shall be allotted, are now holden under and subject to; and the said General Commissioners shall, by their laid Award, determine, describe, and abut the Messuages, Buildings,

Lands, and Grounds respectively, which are to be and remain Copyhold or Leasehold, and all other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds to be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act (except what shall be so ascertained by the said General Commissioners to be Copyhold or Leasehold) shall be from thenceforth deemed, taken, and enjoyed as Freehold Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds, subject neverthe-Jess to such Free Rents 3nd Services as are now payable out of the respective Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lor or in respect whereof the lame shall or may be alloted or exchanged.

XLV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall wiltandSet-extend, or be construed to extend, to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Petl'on or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance, out of, upon, or affeftingany of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds to be divided, allotted, or exchanged by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, but that each and every Proprietor shall Hand and be seised of the several Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds to be allotted to or exchanged with him or her as aforesaid, to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such

and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, and Charges, and no other, as the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds whereof such Proprietor was seised or possessed, at or immediately before the Execution of the said Award, or for which, or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to, charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall remain to be Application^ paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or Commentation used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purpose thereof, be- ^00e"e<,ua 10 longing to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Feoffee in Trust,

Executor, Admimstrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, after defraying hi«, her, or their Share or Proportion of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the said General Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be pre* ferred in a fumniary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have \Loc.i3 Per.] 3 K been

222

Application of M ney when left thdn 200 /. and exceeding to/.

A implication

when Com pc:* a;i n is leis tiian to /.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. ai.

been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, {landing settled therewith, or to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, and Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then that the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Land', Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds fer Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLVII. Provided also, That if the Money to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be leis than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall be equal to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such Case the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to br applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said G neral Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XLVIII. Provided also, That where such Money so to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be less than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then,

and

223

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.1,

and in such Case, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said General Commissioners shall think fit , and in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Direction^for Expences of inclosing the Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be Expence* of* made to the Surveyor of the Highways, and to the Trustees for the Poor this Act. of the said Parish of Hickling, and to the Commissioners for Drainage herein-after appointed, and the Costs and Charges incident to, and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of surveying, ad-measuring, planning, valuing, dividing, allotting, draining, and exchanging the Lands and Premises hereby directed to be surveyed, measured, planned, valued, divided, allotted, drained, and exchanged, and of preparing and in'olling the said Award, and all the Charges and Expences of the said General Commissioners, their Afliftams, and Servants, and all other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said General Commissioners in and about the Premises, and all other Expenses of carrying this Act into Execution (save and except such Charges and Expences as shall be incurred by virtue of this Act, after making the said Award) shall be borne, defrayed, and paid by the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested in the Premises (save and except the Lord or Lords of the said Manors, for or in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to him or them respectively in right of the Soil to the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds; and also save and except the Surveyor of the Highways, and the Trustees for the Poor of the said Parish of Hickling, and the said Commissioners for Drainage for the Time being, for or in respect of the Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made to them respectively as aforesaid, as such Surveyor, Trustees so.r the Poor, and Commissioners for Drainage; and also save and except such Person or Persons, who in the Judgement of the said General Commissioners shall not be possessed of Lands or Tenements of the,) early Value of Five Pounds, or of Personal Property to the Amount of One hundred Pounds, at the Time of making the said Allotments) in such Shates and Proportions, at such Time or Times, and to such Person or Persons, as the said General Commissioners shall appoint; and if any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Shares of the said Costs, Charges, and Expences, to the Person or Persons authorized to receive the same, at the Time or Times which shall be appointed by the said General Commissioners for Payment thereof, then, and in such Case, the said General Commissioners shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any), after deducting the Charges and Expences attending such Warrant, Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick,

224

Prrprietors and their Agents to pay their own Ex peaces.

Money advanced to be repaid with Imereft.

Award to be made.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

litick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, or otherwise it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower One or more Person or Persons to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds to be allotted, or belonging to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, forefufing or neglecting as aforesaid, and to take and receive the Rents, I Hues, and Profits of the fame Premises, until thereby or therewith the Share or Shares of the said Costs, Charges, and Expences so appointed to be paid by such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, with lawful Interest thereupon, from the Time the same shall have become due, and also all the Costs and Expences occasioned by or attending such Entry on and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the said Premises, shall respectively be fully paid and satisfied.

L. Provided always, That the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them shall . atttnd the said General Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall advance and pay any Money in Discharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, the Money so paid and advanced, shall be repaid and satisfied to him, her, or them by the Direction of the said General Commissioners, together with lawful Interest for the same.

LII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be, after the said General Commissioners shall have completed the Division and Allotments of the L.ands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, apd the Works which they shall deem necessary for draining the fame, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, they shall form and draw up an Award or Instrument in Writing, which shall ascertain and describe the Boundaries of the said Parish of Hickling, and shall express and denote the Quantity, in Statute Measure, of Acres, Roods, and Perches of the said Lands and Grounds, and the Quantity of each and every Part and Parcel thereof, which shall be assigned and allotted to each of the Partiesentitled to or interested in the fame, and of the Parts thereof which shall be allotted for the Surveyor of the Highways, Trustees for the Poor, and Commissioners for Drainage respectively, in pursuance of the Directions herein contained; and shall contain a Description of the Situation, Abuttals, and Boundaries of the fame Parcels and Allotments respectively, and of the Mcfifuages, Cottages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds, and of such Part or Parts thereof as are to be and remain Copyhold or Leal'ehold, and of the Quantity of such Lands and Grounds which shall he given or received in Exchange by any Person, or Body Politick, Corporate, or 1 Collegiate, by virtue of this Act, and shall ascertain and describe such Parts of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and such other Lar ds lying within the said Parish of Ilicklirg, as shall in the Judgement of the said General Commissioners require to be drained by virtue of this Act, which Lands and Grounds, so al’certained and described, shall be forever

there-

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21. 225

thereafter deemed to be the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act-; and the said Award shall also contain such Orders and Directions for raising, laying out, making, and maintaining proper Roads,

Ways, Passages, Bridges, Fences, Ditches, Gates, Stiles, and Drains over and upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and also such other Orders and Regulations as the Did General Commissioners shall think proper and necdTary to be inferred in . such Award, conformable to the Purport and Tenor of this Act; and the said Award, with a reduced Map or Plan of the said Parish of Hickling thereto annexed, shall be fairly ingossed or written on Parchment, and signed, sealed, and delivered by the said General Commissioners; and the said Award shall, within Six Calendar Months after the Execution thereof, be inrolled in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at West-tninjhr, so that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested in the Premises (for the Inspection and Perusal whereof the Sum of One Shilling and no more shall be paid) and shall be deposited with such Person or Persons in such Place as the said General Commissioners shall appoint; and the said Award, or a true Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, attested by the said General Commissioners, or by the proper Officer of the Court where the same shall be inrolled (for which Copy no more shall be paid than Two-pence per Sheer, each Sheet containing Seventy-two Words, besides the Stamp Duty) shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained, in all Courts whatsoever; and the said Award, and the several Allotments, Partitions,

Exchanges, Orders, Directions, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall be and are hereby declared to be binding and conclusive unto, and upon all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested in and entitled unto the said Premises so to be divided, allotted, drained, and exchanged as aforesaid,

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Award Awtrdroke shall be re.-.d and executed by the said General Commissioners in the Presence of the Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds, who may attend the Proprit-at a Special General Meeting to be called for that Purpose, of which for*.

Special General Meeting Ten Days Notice at the Icaft shall be given in the Norfolk Chronicle, if then published, and if not, then in fomc other Newspaper printed and circulated in the said County of Norfolk; which Execution cf such Award shall, on the following Sunday, be proclaimed in the Parish Church of Hickling aforesaid, and from and after such Proclamation only, and not before, the said Award shall be and be considered , as complete.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commis- Books of Ac* sioners shall, and they are hereby, required to enter in a Book or Books counts to be to be provided for that Purpose, an Account of all Monies whatever re- clerk'for the ceived from the Proprietors or others during the said Division and Inclo- Proprietors Eire, and also of all the Charges and Expences in the Execution of this x,l(i,e,shon> Act, which Book or Books of Accounts shall be kept at the Office of the Clerk to the said General Commissioners, and shall be open at all frasonable Times during the Progress of the said Division and Inclosure, and till all the Accounts are finally settled, for the Inspection of any of the Proprietors, without Fee or Reward; and in calc the said General [foe. ft? Per.] 3 L Com-

226

Monies received when amounting to Fifty Pounds, to be put in a Banker’s Hands, or such other Person as shall be approved by the Matority of the Proprietors.

For borrowing Money.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Commissioners, or their said Clerk, shall n.-gleft to procure and keep such Book or Books, or shall refute the Inflection thereof to any of the Proprietors at all reasonable Times, the Party or Parties to offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings-, and in case ot Non-payment thereof, on Conviction of the Offenders respectively, on the Oath of any credible Witness, or by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warranr under the Hand and Seal of such Justice; and all such Fines and Forfeitures shall be applied towards discharging the Costs and Charges of obtaining and executing this Act; and the Overplus of the Money r ifed by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Fines or Forfeitures, and the Expences of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained, and for Want of sufficient Distress, and in case the Fine or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Month', unless such Fine or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be iooner paid and satisfied.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Monies to be raised and received under and by virtue of the Powers of this Act, until the signing of the said Award, shall, as often as the same shall amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, be paid to and deposited in the Hands of fume Banker, or such other Person or Persons as shall be approved of by a Majority in Value of the Proprietors, who shall be prefenc at the First Meeting of the said General Commissioners, and in the Notice of such Meeting shall be expressed the Intention of then appointing f.ich Banker, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and no such Monies deposited or paid into the Hands of such Banker, or other Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, fh -.11 be issued or paid by him or them without at) Order in Writing, signed by the said General Commissioners, specifying; the Person or Persons to whom the same are respectively pa)-able, and toe Service or Consideration for which the same are to be paid; and the Balance (if any) upon the find Settlement of all Accounts by the said General Commissioners, shall be immediately repaid to the several Land Owners, Proprietors, or Persons interested, in proportion to the several Sums paid and advanced by them respectively.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, being Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Messuages, I.ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Parish of Uickling slave and except the Surveyor of the Highways, and T.ultees for the Poor of the said- Parish, and Commissioners for Drainage, in respect of any Allotment or Allotments made to him or them as Surveyor, Trustees, or Commissioners for Drainage); and also to and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Committees of any of the said Owners or Proprietors being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or labouring under any Difibility or Incapacity whatsoever,

v

ft

J2?

41° GEORGII III. Cap. iu

soever, whether such Owners and Proprietors respectively be Tenants fol*

Life, or in Fee Tati General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, by any Deed or Deeds,

Writing or Writings, under their respective Hands and Sells, to be cjuly executed in the Presence of and attested by Two cr md're credible Witnesses, to charge the Lands and Grounds exchanged with or allotted to them respectively by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, with any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding their respective Proportions of the Cods, Charges, and Expences directed and appointed by the said General Commissioners to be paid by such Owners and Occupiers respectively, and for securing the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the lame, to grant, mortgage, lease, and demise, or otherwise I’ubjcdt the said Premises, being Freehold or Leasehold, or any Part thereof. Unto any Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money respe&itoly, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years i and also to surrender the Copyhold Part or Parts of the said Premises to the Use of any such Person or Persons, iris, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, so that every such Grant, Mortgage, Demise, or Surrender be made with a Proviso or Condition to ceale and be void, or with an express T'ufl to be surrendered, when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, with the Interest thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid} and f.i that in every such Grant, Mortgage, Demile, or Surrender, which shall be made by such Trustee or Trufltes, Feoffee or Feoffees, Body or Bodies I’olitick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or by any Person or Persons interested in or entitled unto the Premises for the Term of their natural Lives only, or by h:.s, her, or their Husbandor Husbands.Guardianor Guardians, Ti ufleeor Trustees, Committee or Committees, there be contained a Proviso or Covenant, that the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Premises shall duly pay and keep down the Interest of any Sum or Sums of Money

to be thereby secured, during their respective Lives, or the Lives of the*"

Tenants in Possession of such Premises; and no Person alterwards becoming possessed of the Pretniles, shall be liable to pay any further or larL>er Arrear of Interest chan for One Year preceding the Time that the Title to lui h Possession shall commence; and every such Grant, Mortgage, Demifc, or Surrender of the said Premises, or any Part thereof, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, for the Purposes thereby intended.

- J 4 lJ‘

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord or Lords, Lady cr Commirrton-Ladies of the afyfesaid Manors, and the Vicar of the said Vicarage of ^rorr£*Jj' Uidckng. for the :, Time being, and each and every Owner or Proprietor n c

of Twenty Acres of Land to be drained by virtue of this AdV, shall, from and after the Execution of the A'ward herein directed to be made by the said General Commissioners, be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Por.pole of draining the Lands and Grounds directed to be drarned by tirtUe of this AdL

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Appointment and for every such Commissioner for Drainage, by Writing under his or c0Jf,epljj,y . hfcf Hand, from Time to Time, and for such Time as he or flie shall erTforDtain-think fit, to nominate and appoint an Agent or Deputy to act in his or *se-her Absence as a Commissioner for Drainage, and every such Agent or

Deputy

228

41° GEORGII III. Cap. ai.

Deputy shall and may, in the Absence of the Person by whom he shall be so nominated and appointed, aft as a Commissioner for Drainage, and shall have the like Power and Authority as the Person by whom stich Agent or Deputy shall be appointed; but no such Agent or Deputy shall be capable of acting as Agent or Deputy for the Purposes of this Act, for any more than One Commissioner for Drainage at any one Time.

a'n"

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of OathorAffir- acting as a Commissioner for Drainage (except it be in administering the muion. Oath or Affirmation herein-afeer mentioned to any of the other Commifi sioners) until he or she shall have taken the Oath following, or being of the People called Quakers made Affirmation, videlicet:

t A.B. do swear [or, being of the People called Quakers, do folemoly ‘ affirm} That I will, without Favour or Affection, Hatred or Malice,

truly and impartially, according to the bed of my Skill and Knowledge, ‘ execute and perform all and every the Powers and Authorities, in the

Execution whereof I shall at any Time aft as a Commissioner for Draift-

age, appointed in and by an Act made in the Forcy-first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for

dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields,

Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Wajlc Grounds within the Parish of ‘ JHickling, in the County of Norfolk.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful to and for any One of the said Commissioners for Drainage to administer; and such Commissioner for Drainage is hereby required to administer the same to the other Commissioners.

notbeln*u»-

LX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall presume lified, to for- to act as a Commissioner for Drainage, before he or she shall have taken sett «o/. the said Oath or made Affirmation, or if any Person not being duly qualified, as required by this Act, shall have acted, or shall have appointed an Agent or Deputy who shall have acted as such Agent or Deputy in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; to any Person or Persons who shall fuefor the fame, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance shall be allowed , and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he or she has ' taken such Oath, or made such Affirmation, and is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of Twenty Pounds without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Profscutor, than that such Person has acted as a Commissioner for Drainage in the Execution of this Act, or has appointed an Agent or Deputy who has acted in the Execution of this Act, One Moiety of which Penalty shall be paid to the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

Tihles and Pfters of holding Meeting*.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Drainage shall, and they are hereby required to hold their First Meeting for carrying this Act into Execution in the said Parish of Mickltng, on the

Ji* GEORGII III. Cap. 21. 220

the First Monday in the Month which shall next happen after the Execution of the said Award, by the said General Commissioners, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon; and the said Commissioners for Drainage shall meet on the First Monday in the Month of May in each and every Year, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, in the said Parish of Iiickling, which last mentioned Meeting shall be called the General Annual Meeting of the said General Commissioners for Drainage; and the said Commissioners for Drainage shall and may from Time to Time adjourn themselves to meet at any convenient Place within the said Parish, or within Seven Wiles thereof, which they the said Commissioners for Drainage, or the major Part of them present at any such Meeting shall appoint; and if it shall to happen that there shall not appear a sufficienc dumber of the said Commissioners for Drainage at any such Meeting, tp aft or to adjourn to another Day (Two Commissioners for Drainage to1 be deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment), or if they shall refuse or ne'gleft to adjourn, or if any Two or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage shall deem a Meeting of the said Commissioners for Drainage to be necessary or proper before the Time appointed for the the next General Annual Meeting, or Meeting by Adjournment of such Commissioners, then and in every or any such Case, any Two Or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage, shall and may call a Wetting, (6 be holden within the said Parish of Iiickling, by Writing under their Hands, affixed to the Door of the Parish Church of Hickling, and by publjshing the fame in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in Tome other Newspaper printed and circulated in the said County of Norfolk, Ten Days at the lead previous to the Time of such Meeting; and no Act of the said Commissioners for Drainage shall be good or valid, unless done at some publick Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Act (save as may be herein excepted); and that all Powers and Authorities granted to or vested in the said Commissioners for Drainage, shall and may, from Time to Time, be exercised by the major Part of them present at any Meeting, the whole Number present at such Meeting not being less than Five; and the said Commissioners for Drainage shall, at all their Meetings in pursuance of this Act, be allowed Ten Shillings dch per Day, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, and no more, towards their Expences, (o that such Allowance do not in the Whole exceed the Sum of Four Pounds per Day at every such Meeting of the said Commissioners for Drainage.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That fair and regular Entries shall be Entries of made in a Book or Books to be provided for that , of all the Proceeding, Acts, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Directions, and Proceedings of the §t°^Evl" said Commissioners for Drainage, relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of the Commissioners for Drainage who shall be present ac the respective Meetings, and the same shall be signed with the Name of the Clerk to the said Commissioners for Drainage; and all such Entries being so signed, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, in all Cases, Suits, and Actions touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Afflonttobc Drainage shall and may sue and be sue'd in the Name of their Clerk;

\Loc. Esf Per. J 3 M and

230 41° GEORGII lll.r Cap. 21.

and that no Action that may be brought or commenced by or against the said Comniiffiohers for Drainage, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abaie or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of such Commissioners for Drainage, but the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners for Drainage, shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be, except in such Action or Actions as shall be proftruted between the said Commissioners for Drainage and their Clerk for the Time being, in which any One of the said Commissioners for Drainage shall or may be made Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case shall be: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Commissioner for Drainage, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs and Charges as by the Event of any such Proceedings he shall be put to or chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein.

For xppoint-

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for

ing officers. Drainage shall and may, at their firstor subsequenc Meeting, appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer, Surveyor, or such other Officer or Officers for the Execution of this Act, as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove them, or any of them, and appoint others as they shall find necessary or convenient; and by and cut of the Monies to be raised by this Act, may and are hereby empowered to appoint and pay such Salaries and Allowances to such Officers, snd to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners for Drainage employed in the Execution of this Act, as rhey shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners for Drainage shall and m.iy take such Security for the due Execution of the respective Offices by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think proper , and all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, under their Hands, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall direct, deliver to such Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said Officers or Persons so accounting as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath, verify their said Accounts (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners for Drainage is hereby enabled to administer); and if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Accounr, or shall refafe to produce or deliver of the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Thirty Days after being the reunto required by such Commissioners for Draining, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relatirg to the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21. 2$ 1

to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or as they shall direct or appoint, then and in any of the said Cases aforesaid, futh Commissioners for Drainage may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid; or if Complaint shall be made by the Did Commissioners for Drainage, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as afore-Did, to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons lo neglecting or refusing shall be and reside, such Justices may, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under their'Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before them, and upon his or their appearing or not being found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justices aae hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Money that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, respectively j and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the fame; rr if it shall appear to such Justices; upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices a-e hereby empowered to administer) that any such Officer or Person shall not have made and rendered, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or shall refuse to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to thC fame, or shall noc have delivered to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as shall have been appointed by them to receive the same> within Thirty Days after being the reunto required by such Commissioners for Drainage, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the hxecution of this Act, then, and in any, or either of the Cases aforesaid, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of No folk, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, Until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners for Drainage, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners for Drainage are hereby empowered to make) and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers,

Vouchers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the Did Commissioners for Drainage.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Worksot Drainage shall be, and they are hereby fully empowered from Time to Dram«t» Time, by such Agents or Persons as they shall think proper to employ, paiK

to

2j2 GEORGII III. Cap. bi.

tofapport, maintain, repair, and improve act fitch Drains, Darts, Binks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works as1 shall be rtade or erected by the said i General Commissioner?; in, ;through, over, or upon the Lands aqc| Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of draining the fame, and "from Time to Time to renew Inch of them as shall fall into Decay, ind>bteorte incapable of being repaired and also to make arid ertft all such Other-Drains,' Dam*, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other. Wdrks,-as shall appear to the ftW’Chrrj-missioners for Drainage to be nyce-fiary for effkilu.dly draining the said Lands and Grounds, all which Drains, Dams, Banks, MillS; 'Sluld^, Engines, Bridges, and other Works to be made’Or erected by the (Ira General Commissioners, or by the said Commissioners for Drainage^ for the Purpose of draining the Lands and Grounds to be drained’ by virtue at this Act* andl the Right and Property to and in the fame1, and the Matters of which the same shall consist; and also the Piece or Pieces of Land t;o be.set out and allotted by the said General Commissioners to' the said Goromissionersi for Drainage; for maintaining, repairing, and pre--fervwg the fame*, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby vested in the said i, CoiBmifiior.c«"for Drainage for the Time being; and they are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time, to infurfc irotri Fire all and every such Milts, Engines, Edifices, and Buildings, as shall at any Time or Times be erected by virtue of this Act.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Drainage, shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all Times after the said Award of the said General Commissioners shall be made and;executed, at any of their Meetings to be’holden in pursuance of this Act; assess, rate, tax, and charge all and every the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, with such equal and proportionable Rates and Assessment upon their respective Parts and Shares thereof, as they the said Commissioners for Drainage shall judge oeceflary for the making, maintaining, repairing, and supporting of the several Works for the Drainage of the said Linds and Grounds, or any Part thereof, and for making any necessary Alterations or Enlargements thereon or thereto, as Occasion shall require; all which said Rates, Taxes, and Assessment shall be collected by, and paid to such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons, and at such Times as they the said Commissioners for Drainage shall appoint, and shall be applied by them in Discharge of all such Expences as they shall incur in the Execution of this Act.

Tenants to

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Tenants and Occupiers yay raxet. of a|| an(j flngU]ar the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, (had pay, and are hereby authorized and required to pay, such Sums of Money as shall be so act’effect on the Lands in rheir respective Occupations, by the said Commissioners for Drainage, to the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed by tire said Commissioners for Drainage for the Purpose of receiving the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Tenant and Occupier to deduct and retain the fame out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents; and the several Owners are hereby required to allow such Deduction; and every such Tenant, paying such Rate or Assessfnent, shall be discharged of

To faife Money for maintaining Works.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21. a;

so much Money as the same shall amount to, as fully as if the fame had been paid to his or her Landlord.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Own- For Rfc0t ers, Tenantor Tenants, or Orcupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds of Tai». to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall mike Default in Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Sum or Sums of Money to be assessed, rated, taxed, or charged upon him, her, or them, for or in respect of such Lands or Grounds, or any Part thereof, and shall continue in such Default by the Space of Ten Days next after the Time appointed by the said Commissioners for Drainage for such Payment, and after Demand of such Rates or Assessments made by the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized to collect such Rates and Afit-flments, by Writing left at the usual Place or Places of Abode of such Owner or Owners, Tenantor Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers, who is, are, or ought to pay the same; or if such Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers, shall not have any Place of Abode within the said Partih of Hi skiing, or within Two Miles of the fame, then after demand made by the said Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized to collect such Rates and Afiiflments, by Notice in Writing affixed on some conspicuous Part of the Premises chargeable with such Rates and Afllffments, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said Commissioners for Drain ge (which Warrant or Precept such Three or more of the said Commifli mers for Drainage ate hereby empowered and required to make and give, as there shall be Occasion, though not assembled at any Meeting in pursuance of this Act) to enter into and upon all or any Part of the Lands and Grounds so rated and assessed as aforesaid, and into and upon all or any Messuages or Tenements thereupon Handing, and there, or in any Part or Parrs of the Lands, Grounds, Messuages, or Tenements, upon which such Entry shall be made, to diffrain all or any such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle, as shall be there found; and it shall and may be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, to impound the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, or any Part of the Messuages or Lands whereon the same shall be found, or otherwise to take, lead, drive, or carry away, and keep the fame for the Space of Five Days, leaving Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Distress or Diltreftes at the Messuage or Tenement, Messuages or Tenements, or in some conspicuous Part of the Lands or Grounds upon which such Distress shall be taken, or otherwise at the usual Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle; and if the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, shall not pay the Sum or Sums of Money so aftefted, rated, and distrained for as alore-said, together with the Costs and Charges of such Warrant and taking such Distress, and of keeping and maintaining the fame, or replevy the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, according to the Law now in force for Non-payment of Rent, within the said Five Days, that then the said Goods, Chattrls, or Cattle so distrained, shall be app:aised by Two or more indifferent Persons, to be sworn by the Constable or Headborbuuh of the Parish or Place where such Distress shall be made (who is hereby authorized and required to administer an Oath for that Purpose) to ap-[Loc. Per. j 3 N prailc

234

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

praise the fame according to the bed of their Judgements; and that after such Appr.il'cment as aforesaid, the said Goods, Chattels, or Cattle, shall be sold by the said C dledor or Collectors, or other Person . i Persons as aforesaid, for Payment of the said Sum or Sums of M rnty so assessed, rated, and distrained for, and of the said Costs and Charges, and also of the Costs and Charges of appraising and Idling fuclt Uillrels; and that the Overplus arising from such Sale (if any) alter Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle.

Lnnd; unte-n mted f‘> remain a Security for the Rates,

LXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any of the said Lands or Grounds to be drained as aforesaid, shall at any Time hereafter be untenanted or unoccupied, so that no suffictent Distress can be made for levying the said Rates and Assessments, then the I, nets and Grounds chargeable therewith shall remain a Security lor P.yment of such Rates and Assessments , and all Goods, Cha:tels, and Ca.tlr, which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, impounded, kept, and fold in Manner aforesaid, until such Rates and AflVfiments, and all Arrears thereof, and the Charges incident to such Distress, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

PuivihTient

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Works.IOy nS Wl'fully and maliciously cut, damage, break down, demolish, or tieitroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Sluice, or Tunnel already made, or which shall at any Time heredfter be made or erected, supporred, maintained, or used, for answering any of the Purposes of this Act, every Person lo offending and being convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Pu-nishment may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny.

Person da- L.XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons vviSrk,®to for wilfully or maliciously flop, dam up, or damage any Drain, Water-

feit a Sum not ecu:fe, Dam, Bridge, Stile, or other Work or Works which shall at any Fun Pound* f 'nie hereafter be making or erecting, or made or erected, supportrd maintained, or used for any of the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, on the Oath of One or more crerible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath such Justices are hereby authorized to administer, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding F fty Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and such Money, when so levied, shall be paid to any One or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to their Clerk, and shall be applied towards the Discharge of the Expences attending the Execution of this Act; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall, by the said Justices be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County of Norfolk, for any Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the said Justices.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21. 235

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Penalty on Occupier or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds to Stink be drained by virtue of rhis Act, to which any Ditch or Ditches, Drain or Drains shall belong, shall neglect or relul'e (efficiently to Lour, clcanf-, open, or repair any such Ditch or Drain, or to make the lame of a sufficient Depth and Width, after Ten Days Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, from Time to Time, for that Purpose, by the Collector or other Officer appointed under and by virtue of this Act(such Collector or other Officer having an Order in Writing for that Purpose, under the Hands of Two or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage) every such Owner or Owners shall, for every such Neglect or Retufal, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Shillings for every Rod of the Ditch or Drain so ntgledled to be scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, deepened, or widened; and it shall and may be lawful, from Time to Time, for such Collector or other Officer to cause such Ditches and Drains, at the Charge and bxpenre of such Owners or Occupiers, to be scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, and deepened, in a sufficiem Manner; and where a Way shall nave been made over any Ditch or Drain, without a sufficient 1 unr.el to cau e such Way to be taken up, and such Ditch or Drain to be made of a prt per Width and Depth, and by a Warrant or Precept under the Hands of Three or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage (which Warranc they hereby have full Power to grant, although they shall not be assembled at any Meeting under this Act) to levy such Penalty, and also such Charges and Expences upon such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goads and Chattels; and such Penalties shall be applied for the Purposes of this Actr

LXXIIf. And be it further enacted, That no Tree or Trees, shall, at NoTreettobe any Time or Times hereafter, be planted, or any Building, Stack, or Rick erected or built, except by the Order or Permission of the said Com- erected within missioners for Drainage, nearer to any Mill or Engine which shall be made, erected, or employed as aforesaid, than Two hundred Ya-ds; to be efected and if any Tree or Trees shall be planted, or any Building, Stack, or e£l.'h(,bA<Qr Rick shall be hereafter made, erected, or built within the Distance afere- der'of the said of any such Mill or Engine, and if the Owner or Owners of any Commission-such Tree or Trees, Building, Stack, or Rick, shall neglect to takedown CIS' and remove, or cause to be taken down and removed such Tree or Trees,

Building, Stack, or Rick for the Space of Fourteen Days al ter Notice in Writing shall have been given to him, her, or them for that Purpose, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, signed by any 1 hree or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage, then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for Drainage to cause such Tree or Trees to be taken down and carried away, and such Building, Stack, or Rick to be pulled dawn and removed.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Grass and Herbage Herbage of growing, arising, and renewing upon such Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as shall be vtfted in the n^ai'ly!' A"' said Commissioners for Drainage, shall be let by the Lid Commissioners for Drainage, at their General Annual Meetings to be holden as aforesaid, for the belt Rent or Rents that can or may be gotten for the fame, and

236

Ap'enl to Sciiions.

R-cov-ry of Peiialtirs by fliitrels ai d Sale,

'V . '

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

fitch Rtn’s shall be applied by the sars CommilTnners for Drainage, for the General Purposes of Drainage under this Act, in such Manner as they shall at such Annual Meeting direct.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate,' shall think himfrlf, hefself, or themselvrs aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said General Commissioners as are herein declared to be final or condusive, and except in such Cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein mentior.td) then, and in every such Case, he, she, or they may appeal to the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be holden for the said County of Norfolk, wichin Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen , on givintj ti the said General Commissioners, or any Two of them, and to the Party or Parties concerned, in case the Appeal shall be made against any Act or Determination of the said General Commissioners, or to the Clerk of the said Commissioners for Drainage, in case the Appeal shall be made against any Act or Determination of the said Commissioners for Drainage, Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof-, and the Justices (not interested in the Premises) at their said General Quarter Siflicns ate hereby required to hear and determine the M ater of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Colts and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Da mages which shah be lo awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Parte or Pa ties liable to pay the tame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Dettrmi-nition of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned; but in Cafe any such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to he paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act impoftd and incurred (for the Recovery and Application whereof no particular Method is herein-before dirrfted) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offendtrs Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace lor the said County of Norfolk, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant, upon the Conviction of the Party or Parties, on his, her, or their. Confdfion, or upon (he Evidence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer); and the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Colts and Charg-s of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Penalt es and Fo'feitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Com-nnflioners for Drainage, and shall be applied for such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think fit; but nevertheless, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for Drainage at any of their Meetings, to pay, or cause to be paid, such Part of the 4 , said

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

said Penalties or Forfeitures, not exceeding one Moiety thereof, to the Informer or Informers, as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think reasonable; and in case fufftcienc Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hafid and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County of Norfolk, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months nor less than One Calendar Month, unlofaTuch Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the fame, shall be fooooer paid and satisfied.

X.XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Cor-viction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or any Matter in pursuance thereof, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ nE it remembered, That on this Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

A.' B. is Convicted before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the [or. County, as the Case

1 pall be] of having [aj the Offence pall le~\ contrary to an Act of Parliamentt made in the Forty-full Year of the Reign of King George the

Thitd, intituled, [herefet forth the Title of the Aif\ and 1 [or, we] the

‘ said do adjudge him £her, or them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of Given under my Hand

and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Determination, Judgement, Conviction, Warrant, or other Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order, Rate, or Assessment to be made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted, in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster-, any Statute, Law, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Tax, Rate, or Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nnr the Party or Parlies making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Rate or Assessment to be made, or in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant, Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Patty or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons so aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage, in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, until after [Lee. & Per.] 3 0 Thirty

237

Or Offenders may be committed.

Form of Conviction.

Proceedings not to be quashed for W intofform* nor removes, ble by Certiorari.

Piftrtf, not unlawful ior Want of Fonn.

Limitation of Actions.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Thirty Days Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Party or Parties aggrieved, shall have b en given to the Party or Parties complained of, or lett at hi*, her. or their last or ui’ual Place or Places of Abode, thereby setting forth the Caule of such Action or Suit, nor after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath beefi made to ihe Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after S-x Calendar Months next afier the Pact committed, or the Caofe of lu h Action shall have arilen; and every Action commenced , and prosecu ed against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be brought and laid in the said County of Norfolk, and not cifrwhrre and the Defendant or Delendan s in every such, Action or Suit, shall and may plead at his, her, or their Election, spectally or the General Issue-, and if in Replevin, may justify and avow by virtue " c'f this Acr, as Pctfons acting by Authority of Cdtnm ffioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and give this Act, and the I’pecial Matter in Evidantie; at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the lame was done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act; and if upon the Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear to have been lb done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before the Expiration of Thirty Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid. or after sufficient Satis. faction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as afortl iid, then, and in every such Case, the Jury shall find a Venlicf for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; and in all Cases where a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, in any such Action or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame, after the Defendant or Der fend.mts shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonfu’ted; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Piaimiffs, then, and in every such Case, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, and have such and the like Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, hath or have for recovering Coffs of Suie in any other C.afc by Law.

LXXXI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained, shall defeat, lessen, or prejudice, or be construed to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Right, Title, or Interest of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manors herein-mentioned, or any of them for the Time being, in or to the Seigniories, Royalties, Rights, and Services incident and belonging to the said Manors respectively, but that such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors for the Time being, shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Mines, Goods and Chattels of Felons, Fugitives, Felons of themselves, Persons put in Exigent, Deodands, Waifs, Estrays, Forfeitures, and all other Royalties, Jurisdictions, Rights, and Pre-eminences whatsoever, to the said Manors, or any of them, or to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies thereof for the Time being respectively, incident, appendant, appurtenant, belonging, or in anywise appertaining slave and except such Right to the Soil of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and such Rights of Common of Pasture, and other Rights of Common and Interests, as before the passing of this Act belonged to, or could or might have been claimed or exercised by such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, in, over, or upon the 8 - V said

239

4.1° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and save and except such Rights arid Interests for which Satisfaction or Compensation shall have been made by virtue of this Act) in as full, large, ample, and beneficial Manner, as he, she, or they could or might have held and enjoyed the fame in case this Act had not been made.

LXXXII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Gen*"1 Heir3 and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Body JVlne' or Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs,

Successors, Executors, and Administrators (except the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for and in resptft of such Rights and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred and destroyed, and all Persons respectively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them) all such Right, Title, and Interest which they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the said Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons,

Fens, and Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, in case this Act had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed,

adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

4

Cap. 111

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes ot Burgh and Billockby, the County of Norfolk.

[30th April itioi.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, in the County of Norfolk, certain Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds: And whereas James Symonds Esquire, is Lord of the Manor of Burgh Saint Margaret, and Charles Lucas Esquire, and Mary Jane Sax Spinster, are Lord and Lady of the Manor of Burgh Vaux, and Daniel Durrant Scott Esquire, is Lord of the Manor of Billockby in the said County of Norfolk: And whereas the said Charles Lucas and Mary Jane Sax are Patrons of the Rectory of Burgh, and John Ord Doctor of Divinity, is the present Rector thereof, and as such is entitled to the Parsonage House, and to certain Glebe Lands situate within the said Parish: And whereas the said Charles Lucas is Patron of the Rectory of Billockby, and Gibson Lucas Clerk, is the present Rector thereof, and as such is entitled to the Parsonage House, and to certain Glebe Lands situate within the said Parish: And whereas the said James Symonds, Charles Lucas, Daniel Durrant Scott, Thomas Broiune [Lee. da1 Per.2 3 P Gentleman,

[Preamble.]

24 2

Commission-

€ts.

Itforice of General Commiirior-« Meetings.

41° GEORGII til. Cap. 22.

Gentleman, and divers other Persons, are the Owners of the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements situate within the said several Parishes of Burgh and Billockby: And whereas- the said Marsh Lands, and the greater Part of the said Commons, Fens, and Waiie Grounds, are frequently overflowed with Water, and in their present State and Condition, for Want of a sufficient Drainage, yield but little Profit to the several Persons interested therein: And whereas it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested in the Premises, if the said Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds were divided, and specifick Parts and Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, under the Directions in this Act contained, and if the said Marflt Lands, and such Parts of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, as are liable to be overflowed with Water, were drained: But as such Division, Allotment, and Drainage cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Jofefh Sewell of the City of Nonvich, Gentleman, John Futter of Kctteringham, and Thomas Francis of Martham, in the County of Norfolk, Gentlemen, and their Successors, shall be, and they are hereby appointed General Commissioners for dividing and allotting the said Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and for the several other Purposes herein-after mentioned; and if any of the General Comir.issioners herein named, or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him or them, die, or refuse or become incapable to act in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining General Commissioners or Commissioner, and they and he are and is hereby required, at any Time within Thirty Days next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be known to them or him, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, to appoint another Person (not being interested in the Premises) to be a General Commissioner in the Place of each General Commissioner so dying, or refusing or becoming incapable to act; and every General Coriimissioner so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, after taking the Oath hereinafter mentioned, have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, in all Respects, as if he had been named and appointed a General Commissioner in and by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to cause Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of their First and every other Meeting for the Execution of this Act, to be affixed on the Church Doors of the said respective Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, and to be inftrted in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of Norfolk, Eight Days at least before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and all Acts, Matters, and Things authorized or necessary to be done and executed by the said General Commissioners, may be done and executed by any Two

243

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

of them, and the same shall be as valid and effectual, and shall have the fame Force and Effect, as if such Acts, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all the said General Commissioners.

Ul. Provided always, That if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by the said General Commissioners, it shall happen that no more than Ope General Commissioner shall attend, such Goueral Commissioner may adjourn such Meeting to such Time and Place, within the said Parish of jiurgh or Parish of Billockby, or within Twenty Miles of One of them, as he shall think moll convenient.

IV. Provided also, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a General Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (unless it be in the Power hereby given of appointing the First Meeting, and administering the following Oath to the other General Commissioners), until he shall have taken the following Oath; (that is to say),

r A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and horieflly ex-‘ amine into, hear, and determine all such Matters and Things as ‘ shall be brought before me as a General Commissioner, by virtue of

an Act of Parliament for dividing, allotting, intlofing, draining, and

preferring the Open Fields4 Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and IVaJle ‘ Grounds, within the Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, in the County of Norfolk, and otherwise execute the Powers thereby in me re-‘ posed, according to the befl of my Skill and Judgment, and without 1 Favour or Affection to any Person or Persons whomsoever.’

So he p me GOD,’

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful to and for any One of the said General Commissioners to administer, and he is hereby required to administer the same to any other of the said General Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That with all convenient Speed after the passing of this Act, a true and perfect Admeasurement of all the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, shall be made and laid down as a Survey or Plan by the said General Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons, not interested in the Premises, as the said General Commissioners shall appoint; and that a true and perfect Valuation of all the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements situate, lying, and being within the said Parishes of Burgh and Biilofkby, shall be made and reduced into Writing by the said General Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons, not interested in the Premises, as the said General Commissioners shall appoint; which said Plan or Survey, and Valuation, shall contain and set forth the Number of Messuages, Cottages, Acres, Roods, and Perches, in Statute Measure, belonging to each Proprietor, and also the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches contained in the said Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and the said Valuation shall also set forth the Annual Value of the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements belonging to each Proprietor, and tije Annual Value of the said Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds; and the said Plan or Survey, and Valuation,' shall be made by the said General Commissioners as often as Occasion shall require;

One General

Commissioner may adjourn.

Qualification ot General Commissioner>.

General Com-

imflionera

Oath.

Valuation or Survey to be made.

244

For ascertain-jr.g Boundaries,

Appeal to

Sessions aga>nft Boundaries.

For (horsen-

ingj the B un-daiy Fences

ag. tinct adjoining Pa-

r. she».

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

require { and the said Plan or Survey, and Valuation (in case the same shall be made by any other Person or Persons than the said General Commissioners) together with all other Acts, Matters, and 1 hings to be done by the Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be verified by his or their Oath (which Oath any One of the said General Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer); and the said General Commissioners, and Surveyor or Surveyors, their Assistants and Servants, and all and every other Person or Persons employed by the said General Commissioners, shall, and they hereby have full and free Liberty and Power, at any Time before the Execution of the Award herein directed to be made by the said General Commissioners, to enter into, view, examine, survey, admeasure, plan, and value the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, and to fix Stakes or Land Marks thereon, and to do all Matters and Things which shall be requisite for carrying this Act into Execution.

VI. And whereas Disputes may happen to arise touching the Boundaries of the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby; in order to settle such Disputes, be it therefore enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to perambulate the Boundaries of the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, and of each of them, and to cause Notice of such their Intention to be inserted in the said Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of Norfolk, Ten Days at lead before the Time of such Perambulation; and after the Expiration of the Time to be specified in such Notice, they the said General Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to enquire into, set out, ascertain, fix, and determine the Boundaries of the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, and a Description of the said Boundaries shall, within Forty Days afterwards, be inserted in the said Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of Norfolk.

VII. Provided always, That if any of the Proprietors of Estates with, in, or Inhabitants of the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, or of any Parish or Parishes adjoining to the said Pariflres of Burgh and Billockby, or either of them, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said General Commissioners respecting the Boundaries so by them set out, such Proprietors or Inhabitants, or any of them, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County of Norfolk, at any General <t)uaner Sessions of the Peace to be holden within Four Calendar Months next after the aforesaid Publication of the said Boundaries, the Party or Parties making such Appeal giving Ten Days Notice of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, in Writing, to the said General Commissioners, or any Two of them; and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive.

VIII. And whereas it may shorten the Boundary Fences between the Lands lying in the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, or One of them, and the Lands lying in the Pariflt or Parishes adjoining thereto, if the said General Commissioners were empowered to cause such Fences to be raised in such Direction as they shall think most proper and convenient for shortening and making the same regular; be it therefore enacted, That it

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21. 245

shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, with the Confem in Writing, under the Hand or Hands of the major Part in Value of the Land Owners in any Parish or Parishes adjoining to the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, or either of them, and also under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor or Manors of any such adjoining Parish or Parishes, and of the Owner or Owners of the Land upon which such Fence or Fences shall or may be intended to be made, to set out, ascertain, and determine the Boundary Fences to be made between the Lands and Grounds lying in the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, or either of them, and the Lands lying in such adjoining Parish or Parishes, as they shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundaries shall be so set out, ascertained, and determined as aforesaid, the same shall be fenced in such Manner and at such Time or Times as the said General Commissioners shall direct, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said respective Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, and such adjoining Parish or Parishes; any Law, Usage, or Custom to die contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons having Houses or Tene- Limitation of

ments in the said respective Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, which have tt!

been erected Twenty Years, and in respect of which a Right or Rights

of Common upon the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds have been exerc.ifed during that Time without Interruption, shall, on their delivering their respective Claims in Manner herein-after directed, have and be deemed to have a Right or Rights of Common over or upon the fame respectively in respect of such Houses; and that the Owners of Lands in the said respective Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, which have not within Sixty Years now last pall been Part or Parcel of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, shall, on their preferring their respective Claims in like Manner, have and be deemed to have a Right or Rights of Common over or upon the fame respectively, for their Commonable Cattle levant and couchant upon their respective Lands; and that ail Encroachments, which at any Time within Twenty Years now last pad have been made upon the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, shall be and be deemed to be Part of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly by the said General Commissioners; and in case any Dispute shall arise touching any such Encroachment, or the Extent thereof, such Dispute shall be finally determined by the said General Commissioners.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Claims to be Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, having or claiming thl'pirffor* to have any Estate or Property, or any Right of Common, or other Second Meet-Right or Interest whatsoever, in, to, over, or upon the Open Fields,

Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and mSiumen. allotted, or any Part thereof, shall by himself, herself, or themselves, or

by his, her, or their Guardians, Trustees, Agents, or Tenants, and he, she, and they is and are hereby respectively required, at the First or Second Meeting of the said General Commissioners to be holden in pursuance of this Act, to deliver in Writing to the said General Commis- ' sioners a true and just Account of the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and [Loc. & Per.'] 3 Tenements

246

General Com-

millioners to lettle Differences.

General Commissionersmay summon Wit-ncficf.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. %i.

Tenements belonging to him, her, or them respectively, for or in respect of which such Estate, Property, Right of Common, or other Rights or Interests shall be claimed, describing the Quantity of the Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Parts thereof respectively, and the Manor or Manors of which such Copyhold Premises are holden, and also a true and just Account of his, her, and their respective Claims, Rights, and Interests in, to, or over or upon the said Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof; and that no such Accounts or Claims shall be received by the said General Commissioners after such their Second Meeting, except for some special Cause to be allowed by them; and all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, neglecting or refusing to deliver such Accounts as aforesaid, shall be, and is and are hereby excluded and debarred from all Rights of Common, and other Right and Interest whatsoever, in, to, over, or upon the Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds herein directed to be divided and allotted, or in, to, over, or upon any Part or Parts of the same to be assigned or allotted to any Person or Persons by virtue of or under this Act; and if any One or more of the said Owners and Proprietors, or other Persons interested in the said intended Division and Allotment, shall have any Objection or Objections to the said Accounts or Claims, or any of them, such Objection or Objections shall be reduced into Writing, and delivered to the said General Commissioners, and to such other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Account or Accounts, Claim or Claims, shall be objected to, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, as the said General Commissioners shall appoint.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, touching or concerning the Right to the Soil of the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or touching or concerning the respective Rights or Interests which they or any of them shall claim to have of and in the said Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, or touching any Trees, Underwood, Bullies, Reeds, Thorns, Whins, or Furze growing thereon, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing whatsoever relating to the said Division and Allotments, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, as well by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said General Com-inissioners is hereby empowered to administer) as upon any other proper and sufficient Enquiry and Evidence, to examine into, hear, and determine the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby required from Time to Time, as they shall see Occasion, by any Writing under {heir Hands, to summon and require any Person or Persons to appear before them at any Time and Place in such Writing mentioned, and to testify the Truth upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said General Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer) touching any Matter in Difference or Dispute between any of the said Proprietors or Persons

interested,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22. -247

interested, or concerning any Matter or Thing wherein any Doubt or Difficulty shall occur to the said General Commissioners, and to cause a Duplicate or Copy of such Writing to be delivered to every such Person required to testify, or left at his or her last or usual Place of Abode; and if any Person or Persons, having been so summoned as aforesaid, and having been paid or tendered a sufficient Sunt of Money, to be ascertained by the said Ger.er.i] Commissioners, to defray the Charges of his, her, or their Attendance or Attendances, shall, without any just and reasonable Excuse, neglect or refuse to appear before the said General Commissioners, pursuant to such Summons cr Writing, or shall refuse to be sworn, or to be examined or give Evidence touching the Premises, the said General Commissioners, upon due Proof thereof made before them upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said General Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer) shall cause, and they are hereby required to cause, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Sum of Money, not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every Person so neglecting or refusing to appear, or to be sworn, or to be examined, or to give Evidence, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person whole Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid, shall be applied towards defraying the Costs and Charges of obtaining and exe- ' cuting this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said General Com- General Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or " to Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance al v s Colts‘ of this Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said General Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body Or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims,

Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same on Demand, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons,'or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, alter deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Person Power to try or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, inte- {aueat^aw! rested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and

Allotments,

243 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Allotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said General Commissioners touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, or of any Rights of Common or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said General Commissioners, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Norfolk; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination, of the said General Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whole Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months after such Determination of the said General Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more ItTue or ltlues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (such Blue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and that after such Trial or Trials the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to ad in conformity to the Verdict or Verdicts thereupon given, and to allow or disallow of the Claim or Claims thereby determined, acccording to the Event of such Trial or Trials.

Commission-

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall trs not to authorize the said General Commissioners to determine the Title to

Title""5 any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

Disputesahout

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Suits shall be Im'ed n°het0 commenced or prosecuted touching or concerning the Title of any Per-Procee !ingf, son or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, cethe rx.'u, ;n or to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-a°"° ' 'S ments in the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, such Suit or Suits shall not impede, delay, or hinder the said General Commissioners from proceeding in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act, but the said Division and Allotments shall be proceeded in notwithstanding such Dispute or Suit, and may be had and taken by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who upon the Determination of such Difference or Suit shall become entitled to the same.

NoTurr,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, Kced, o Flags after the passing of this Act, cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away patting"any Reed, Rulhes, Fodder, Turf, or Flags, in, upon, or from the Act, without said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, with-Genera"Coin- out or contrary to the Licence of the said General Commissioners first had mitnonen. and obtained in Writing for that Purpose (which Licence the said General

249

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

ral Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant, under such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to them shall seem meet to insert therein) it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, upon due Proof thereof made before him on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnessfes (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) to commit every such Offender to the Common Goal or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XVIII'. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, at any Time before the Execution of the Award herein directed to be made by the said General Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon One of the principal Doors of the respective Churches of Burgh and BiHockby aforesaid, to order and direct all or any Patt of the Rights of Common in, over, and upon the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended for and during such Time as shall be expressed in such Writing; and that all such Rights as the said General Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall, from the Time of affixing such Writing on the said Church Doors, cease, determine, and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, by such Agents, Workmen, and Labourers as they shall think fit to employ, to make and ered all such Drains, Danis, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works, in, through, over, and upon the Marsh Grounds, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, as they the said General Commissioners shall judge proper and expedient for effectually draining such Parts of the said Lands and Grounds as in their Opinion shall require to be drained, and to purchase any Mill or Mills or other Works for that Purpose, and to ered such Houses or Buildings for the Habitation of the Person or Persons who shall have the Care or Superintendance of the said Works of Drainage, or any of them, or for depositing Stores or Materials necessary for the making or mainlining of such Works, as they the said General Commissioners shall think proper; and also to make a Dike through any Part of the said Lands and Grounds to the common River adjoining thereto, to be used as a common or publick Boat Dike by the Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the said Parishes of Burgh and BiHockby for the Time being, for the Conveyance of Corn, Manure, and other Things, to and from the said River, and that the said General Commissioners shall fee out and allot unto the Commissioners for Drainage hereafter appointed, the Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works, Houses, Buildings, and Boat Dike so to be made and erected or purchased by them, and such Part of the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, a3 they shall think proper for the maintaining or preserving the fame, and also a Piece or Pieces of I and adjoining to the said Boat Dike, to be [Tor. Per.J 3 R used

F rexfin-gu.fliiftj? or lufpenuing; l< i*his of Common before the Award.

Drainage Cl. use.

&$c> 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

used as a publick Staithe or public Staithes by the Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby for the Time being, for the laying and depositing thereon of the Corn, Manure, and other Things which shall be conveyed or shall be intended to be conveyed to or from the said common River by Means of the said Boat Dike.

Computation

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners

L>andsI'iaken°r shall, at or before the Execution of the said Award, make or cause to be made such Compensation in Money as they shall think proper, for the Part or Parts of the said Marsh Lands which shall be taken or used for the making or erecting of the said Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works, Houses, and Buildings, or any of them, or set out and allotted for repairing or preserving the fame, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Part or Parts of the said Lands and Grounds so to be taken, used, set out, or allotted for the Purposes above mentioned, or any of them, by the several Proprietors interested in such Drainage; and such Money shall and may be levied and recovered as the Colls, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act may be levied and recovered; and such Money shall, when received by the said General Commissioners, be applied in the Discharge of such Proportion of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, as the Proprietor or Proprietors whose Lands shall have been so taken, used, set out, or allotted, shall be subject or liable to pay; and the Overplus (if any) shall be by them paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the fame: Provided always, That if any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, or any Person acting as Guardian, Committee, or Trustee for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or any Person or Persons whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in drift or other Settlement, shall be entitled to receive such Sum of Money, or Overplus, the same shall be, by the said General Commissioners, applied and disposed of in Manner directed by this Act.

Uoads.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall set out and appoint such publick and private Roads and Ways through and over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as they shall think necessary and proper, so that all new publick Carriage Roads so to be set out and appointed as aforesaid, shall contain Thirty Feet in Breadth between and exclusive of the Ditches, and shall be well and sufficiently fenced out on both Sides, in such Manner and within such Time as the said General Commissioners shall direct and appoint; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person to erect any Gate across any of the said public Roads, or to plant any Trees in or near the Hedges on the Sides thereof at a less Distance from each other than Fifty Yards; and after such publick Carriage Roads shall have been set out as aforesaid, the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint some proper Person to be a Surveyor thereof; and such Surveyor shall cause the said new Roads to be formed and put into good and sufficient Repair, and shall be allowed such Salary or Reward for his Trouble therein, as the said General Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands direct and

appoint;

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22. 251

appoint; which Salary or Reward, and also the Expences (over and besides the Statute Duty) of forming the saidnew Roads, and putting the fame into good and sufficient Repair, shall be borne and paid by the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who is and are hereby charged with or made liable to the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, and shall be raised by a Rate to be laid on such Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate respectively, according to the Annual Value of their respectvie Estates within the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby respectively, such Pate to be madeand assessed by the said General Commissioners, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, or by any Justice of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, upon Application made for that Purpose by the said Surveyor, and to be collected and received by such Person or Persons as the said General Commissioners, or Justice b) whom such Rate shall be made and assessed, shall by Writing appoint; and in case any Person or Persons shall n eg left or refuse to pay his, her, or their Share or Shares of the said Rate within Ten Days next after Demand thereof made, the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the said Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting 01 refusing, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said General Commissioners, or the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County (as the Case may be), which Warrant the said General Commissioners or any Justice are and is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Proof on Oath of such Neglect or Refusal, and of such Demand as aforesaid (which Oath the said General Commissioners or such Justice are and is hereby empowered to administer) and the Overplus (if any) after such Share or Shares of the Rate, and the Charges of levying the fame, shall have been deducted, shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and that none of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, other than the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who is and are hereby charged with, or made liable to the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, shall be charged or chargeable (over and above the Statute Duty) towards the forming or repairing such new Public Roads, until the same shall be made fit for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, and shall have been certified so to be by such Surveyor, by Writing under his Hand, to be delivered to the Justices at some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, and such Certificate shall have been allowed and confirmed by them, which said Certificate shall be delivered to the said Justices at the General Quarter Sessions to be holden next after the said new Roads shall be formed and put in repair as aforesaid, and within the Space »f Two Years next after the Execution of the said Award, unless sufficient Reason be gi, ven, to the Satisfaction of the said Justices, that a further Time is necessary for that Purpose, in which Cafe the said Justices may, and they are hereby empowered to allow such further Term for the Delivery of the said Certificate as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Year; and in case the said Surveyor shall neglect or refuse to deliver the said Certificate within the Time before limited, such Surveyor shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of his Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace of the said County, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the said Surveyor, after deducting the Charges and Expences of such Warrant,

Distress,

252

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

tlistress, and Sale; and such Penalty, when recovered, shall be applied ih Aid of the Rate to be made as aforesaid; and that when such Certificate shall have been delivered to the said Justices by the Surveyor as aforesaid, and shall have been by them allowed and confirmed, the said Roads shall be for ever thereafter repaired and kept in Repair in such Manner as other Publick Highways are by Law to be repaired; and that when the said Publick Roads and Ways shall be so fetout, appointed, and made as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to use any other Roads or Ways, cither publick or private, oVer or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, on Foot,*or with Horses, Cattle or Carriages; and all Roads and Ways which shall not be so set out and appointed as the Roads and Ways through or over the said Lands and Grounds shall be deemed to be Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly; and all the Publick Bridle and Footways, and all private Ways, and also the Fences next the said Publick Highways or Roads, shall be made and raised, and at all Times hereafter maintained and kept in Repair in such Manner and Form, at such Charges and Expences, and by such Person or Persons, as the said General Commissioners shall by their said Award order, direct, and appoint; and all and every Owner or Owners of Land so charged with such Repairs, shall respectively be liable and deemed chargeable therewith by reason of the Tenure of his, her, or their respective Lands; and the Grass and Herbage growing or renewing on all the said Publick Roads or Ways, shall be taken and enjoyed by such Person or Persons as the said General Commissioners shall appoint, and by no other Person or Persons whomsoever.

None oft1 e

XXII. Provided always, That none of the present Roads shall be shut t, bt'fi UP or discontinued, until the said*General Commissioners shall have caused unt 1 otiic 3* the said Publick Roads to be set out as aforesaid, and until the same shall are let out. be properly formed, and made safe and convenient for Horses, Cattle, and Carriages.

TtnVf°be

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That as soon as conveniently Kouii being may be after the said General Commissioners shall have set out and ap-fu cut. pointed such Publick Roads and Highways as aforesaid, they shall cause Notice thereof to be given by Advertisement in feme Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Norfolk; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be dissatis-lied with the setting out. Appointment, or Disposition of any such Publick Roads or Highways as aforesaid, to appeal against all or any of such Publick Roads or Highways to some General Quarter Sessions of the Peaceto be hold cninand for the said County of Norfolk within Four Calendar Months next after the Publication of such Advertisement (Notice in Writing of such Appeal being fit ft given to any Two of the said General Commissioners, within Fourteen Days after the Publication of such Advertisement, and the Party or Parties intending to make such an Appeal, within Four Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before One Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, with Two sufficient Sureties, in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by such Justices at such Quarter Sessions); and he, she, or they shall be heard by himself, herself, or them-

selves,

253

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

selves, or by his, her, or their Counfe!, Agents, Attornies, and Witnesses, and that the said General Commissioners, or One of them, or their Surveyor or Clerk, shall attend at such Sessions; and the Justices before whom such Appeal shall be made, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall, on hearing the Evidence, finally determine whether the said Roads or Highways so appealed against shall be made, or whether any other Roads or Highways shall be set out, and shall make and give such Orders and Directions touching the Matter before them, and award such Cods as to them shall seem necessary and expedient on that Behalf; and such Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any "Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case no such Notice shall be given to Two of the said General Commissioners as aforesaid, or such Recognizance shall not be entered into, or such Appeal shall not be proceeded in as aforesaid, then such setting out. Appointment and Disposition of the said Roads and Highways, by the said general Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive to all and every Person and Persons whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall assign, set out, and allot unto therefpeflive Surveyors of the Highways within the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, such Parts of the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, not exceeding Four Acres in the Whole, as the said General Commissioners shall think necessary as and for Public Watering Places for Cattle, and as and for Publick Sand, Gravel, Clay and Chalk Pits; and the fame Allotment or Allotments, when set out, shall for ever thereafter be used by the respective Surveyors of the Highways, and by the Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby respectively, and their Tenants for the Time being, in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as the Commissioners for Drainage hereinafter appointed shall from Time to Time direct and appoint.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall in the next Place assign, set out, and allot unto the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said respective Manors, and unto any other Person or Persons, being Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor or Manors within either of the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, as Owner or Owners of, or claiming to be Owner or Owners of, or being entitled to the Soil of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, such Part or Parts of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, in the respective Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, as in the Judgement of the said General Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One Seventeenth Part of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds in the said respective Parishes; (that is to say) to the Lord or Lady, Lords or Ladies, of any Manor or Manors in the said Parish of Burgh, a Seventeenth Part of the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds in the said Parish of Burgh; and to the Lord or Lady, Lords or Ladies, of any Manor or Manors in the said Parish of Billockby, a Seventeenth Portion of the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds within the said Parish of Billockby, and such Allotment or Allotments shall be a

I Lee. fc? Per.] 3 S full

Allotment for Publick SanJ Gravel Pit*.

All itments fur Right of boil.

254

Allotments t 1 lUtUes :or »hc Poor <’i t:i Parishes of

Bitrgb and Bill.ckbj.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

full Compensation and Recompence for the Right of such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of such Manors respectively, in and to the Soil of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds respectively, or any Part thereof.

0 XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commission-

e ers shall in the next Place assign, set our, and allot unto the Lords or Ladies of the said Manors of Burgh Saint Margaret and Burgh Faux, and to the Rector of the said Rectory of Burgh, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Burgh, such Part of the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, lying within the said Parish of Burgh, as they the said General Commissioners shall judge and deem to be equal in Value to One Tenth Part of the Average Value of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds lying in the said Parish of Burgh-, and such Allotment shall from and after the Execution of the Award herein directed to be made by the said General Commissioners, be vested in the respective Lords or Ladies of the said Manors of Burgh Saint Ma-garct and Burgh Faux, the Rector of the said Rectory of Burgh, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Burgh for the Time being, for ever, as Trustees for the Poor of the same Parish; and the said General Commissioners shall assign, set out, and allot unto the Lord or Lady of the said Manor of Billockby, the Rector of the said Rectory of Billockby, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Billockby, so much and such Part of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, lying within the said Parish of Billockby, as they the said General Commissioners shall judge and deem to be equal in Value to One Twelfth Part of the Average Value of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, lying in the said Parish of Billockby, and such Allotment shall, on the Execution of the said Award of the said General Commissioners, be vested in the Lord or Lady of the Manor and Rector of the Rectory of Billockby, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Billockby, for the Time being, for ever, as Trustees for the Poor of the same Parish; and the Trustees in whom the said respective Allotments for the Benefit of the Poor shall for the Time being be respectively vested, or the major Part of such respective Trustees, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to lease or demise any Part or Parts of the said Allotment or Allotments so vested in them respectively as aforesaid, not exceeding One Moiety thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years; so as in every such Lease there be reserved and made payable to the Trustees for the Time being of the Allotment or Part of the Allotments thereby demised, or the major Part of them, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments in every Year, the most improved yearly Rent or Rents that can be obtained for the fame, without taking any Income, Fine, Premium, or Foregift in consideration of granting such Lease or Leases; and that in all such Leases there be contained the usual Covenants and Stipulations between Lessors and Lessees, and such other Covenants and Stipulations, and such Security for the Performance of the fame, as the said respective Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall think proper to be inserted therein; and the Rents and Profits arising from the said Allotment, or Parts of the said Allotments so leased or derailed respectively, shall from Time to Time be laid out in purchasing Fuel, and such Fuel shall 8 be

255

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

be distributed amongst the poor Inhabitants of the said respective Parishes of Burgh and BiHockby, who shall be legally settled therein, and shall not occupy Lands or Tenements of more than the yeatly Value of Five Pounds, in such Proportions and Quantities, at such Times in every Year, and according to such Rules and Orders as the said respective Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall appoint and prescribe for that Purpose; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Trustees to retain and keep so much and such Part or Parts as they shall think proper of the Remainder of such Allotment or Allotments respectively, not so let or demised as aforesaid, for the Purpose of cutting Fuel, and such Fuel shall be distributed in Manner aforesaid; and the Remainder of the said respective Allotment or Allotments not so leased or demised, or used for the Purpose of cutting Fuel, shall be used and enjoyed solely and exclusively by such poo^ Inhabitants of the said Parish as aforesaid, who shall be legally settled and resident therein, and shall not occupy Lands and Tenements of more than the yearly Value of Five Pounds, as a Common of Pasture in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, and according to such Rules and Directions as the said respective Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall appoint and prescribe for that Purpose, and not otherwise.

XXVII. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Lords and Ladies of the said Manors, and the Keftors of the said Rectories respectively for the Time being, to act in the Execution of the Trulls hereby reposed in them, by his, her, or their Agents or Proxies respectively, to be appointed by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, such Agents or Proxies producing their respective Appointments at the Time of their acting by virtue thereof.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall then assign, set out, and allot the Residue and Remainder of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, unto and amongst all and every Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Right or Rights of Common, or other Rights or interests in, over, or upon the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, in such Parts and Shares as the said General Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be in Proportion to the Annual Value of the several Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements belonging to such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, for or in respect of which such Right or Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests shall be claimed, or to which the same shall be appendant or appurtenant.

XXIX. Provided always, That in making the said several Allotments, the said General Commissioners shall have a due Regard as well to the Quality and Quantity of the Lands and Grounds so to be divided and allotted as aforesaid, as to tire Situation and Contiguity of the same to the respective Habitations, Messuages, Barns, and other Property of the several Parties to or for whom such Lands and Grounds shall respectively be assigned or allotted.

Lords of the Manor.;, and Reiiorf, to act by Proxy.

Allotment of the Reliduc.

For laying the

Allotments

together.

256

In case any Person shall fell his Common Right, the Allotment to be made to the Purchaser.

Agreement for Great Tubes.

General Commissioner* to diie£t the Course of Husbanliy.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

XXX. Provided also, That if any Person or Persons (favc and excepc the said Reflors in respect of the said Rettories) hath or have fold, or contracted or agreed to fell, or shall at any Time before the Execution of the said Award fell, or contract or agree to fell, his, her, or their Right, Interest, and Property in the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, to any other Person or Persons, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for and in respect of such Right, Interest, and Property so fold, or contracted or agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, or his or her Heirs or Assigns, shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in every such Sale, Contraft, or Agreement might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or such Rights, Interest, or Property had been veiled in such Vendor at the Time of making such Allotments as aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Rectors of the said Rectories of Burgh and Billockby respectively for the Time being, to demand or take any Tithe, or any Composition, Satisfaction, or Compensation in lieu thereof, from the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Part or Parts of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, for the Term of Three Years ne-.t after such Allotments shall have been made and assigned by the said General Commissioners.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act until the Execution of the said Award, no Part of the Pasture or Fen Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall be ploughed up or converted into Tillage without the Consent of the said General Commissioners, firsthad and obtained in Writing for that Purpose; and that all the Arable Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall during that Time be subject and liable to such Directions and Regulations as the said General Commissioners shall from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands appoint, as well with regard to the Hocking, as to the ploughing, folding, tilling, sowing, and laying down the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners to order and direct such Sum or Sums of Money in respect thereof to be paid by any Person or Persons interested in the said Arable Lands, or any Part thereof, or by his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, to any other Person or Persons in like Manner interested therein, or to his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, as they the said General Commissioners shall think reasonable; and in case any Person or Persons who shall be directed to pay any Sum or Sums of Money on any of the Accounts aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same on Demand, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the same, for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Colls, Charges,

and

257

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Pa:t thereof, Can or may be raised and levied.

XXXI1L And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said General Commissioners to make Partition of any Messuages, Tenements, Lands, or other Heredi itaments within the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, or either of them, belonging to any Persons as Coparceners, or as Jo’nt Tenants, or as Tenants in Common; so as every such Partition be made upon Application from, and by and with the Content and Approbation of the several Proprietors thereof, to be signified in Writing under their Hands, or under the Hands of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attotnies, duly authorized, of such of the said Proprietors as are under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves, and be specified and declared in the Award of the said General Commissioners, or by any Instrument signed by them to be inrolled with the said Award; and every such Partition shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful ro and for the Rectors of the said Rectories of Burgh and Billockby respectively, and for the Trullee or Trustees, Feoffee or Feoffees, and also for any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who is, are, or shall be Owner or Owners of any Messuages, Buildings, or Grounds within the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, or either of them, and also for the Husbands, Guardians, Committees, and Trustees of any of the said Owners being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable to act for themselves, and also for all Persons acting as Guardians, Trustees, or Committees of such Owners respectively, being under any Disability whatsoever, whether such Owner or Owners be Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or by the Curtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, to exchange ail or any of his, her, or their Messuages, Cottages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds, or any Lands or Grounds to be allotted to him, her, or them respectively by virtue of this Act, for any other Messuages, Cottages, Buildings, Lands or Grounds within the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, or either of them, or any adjoining Parish or Parishes, or for any other Lands or Grounds to be allotted by virtue of this Act; so that all and every such Exchange and Exchanges be made with the Consent and Approbation of the said General Commissioners, and be described and ascertained in their said Award; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges shall be valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Rectors, or either of them, or any other Person or Persons having Ecclesiastical Preferment, and holding any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Right of any Church or Chapel, to make any such Exchange or Exchanges without the Consent of the Diorefan, and of the Patron or Patrons thereof, expressed in Writing under their Hands and Seals.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be made unto and for the several Persons, and Body or Todies Politick,

[Loc. Ss* Per. 3 3 T Corporate,

General

Commission-

rs may make Partition cf undivided Eitatii.

For exchanging Land*.

Allotments to be in Bar of so* mer R ghts.

2 5-8

For obliging Persons to accept Allotments within a limited Time.

Guardians &V. may accept foi Persons incapable.

But their Non-acct pt-ance flmH not prejudice Persons who shal accept within a certain Time after their liabilities aie removed.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Corporate, or Collegiate, who by virtue of this Act shall be entitled to the fame, shall be in full Satisfaction and Compensation ffcr his, her, and their several Rights and Interests out of, in, over, or upon the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted; and and that from and immediately after the Execution of the said Award, all Rights of Common, and other interests whatsoever, belonging to or claimed by any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, out of, in, over, or upon the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons, and Body 01 Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Lands or Grounds dial 1 be allotted by virtue of this Act, shall accept of their respective Allotments, by taking Possession thereof, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, and Notice thereof in Writing to them respectively given by the said General Commissioners, or left at their respective usual or last Places of Abode, or given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the known Agent or Clerk of any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate; and in case any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall neglect or refuse to take his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments within the Time herein for that Purpose mentioned, such Pet Ton or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall be totally excluded from, and debarred of any Estate, Interest, Right of Common, or any other Property whatsoever, in, to, over, or upon any Lands or Grounds which shall be assigned or allotted to any other Person or Persons, or B >dy or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVII. Provided always, That the Guardians, Husbands, Committees, Trustees, or Attornies of any Person or Persons being Minors, under Coverture, Idiots, l.unaticks, or beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapab'e by Law to accept such Shares and Allotments as aforesaid, shall,- and they are hereby enabled and required to accept thereof, for the Use of such Person or Persons so incapacitated as aforesaid, and such Acceptance shall be, and is hereby declared to be, as valid and effectual as if the Person or Persons for or to whom such Allotments shall be made respectively, were capable of acting for himself, herself, or themselves, and had accepted such Shares and Allotments as aforesaid, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided also, That the Non-claim or Non-acceptarce of any Guardian, Husband, Execqjor, Committee, or Trustee, shall not exclude or.prejudice the Right or Claim of any Infant, Feme Covert, or Person under any Disability as afortfa d, who shall claim or accept his or her Share or Allotment within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after such Disability or Incapacity shall be removed; nor shall any such Non-claim or Non-acceptance exclude or prejudice the Claim or Right of any Person entitled as Heir or in Remainder after the Death of any Person d>ing under such Disability or Incapacity, the Person or Persons so entitled, claiming or accepting his, her, or their Share or Allotment within

259

4f GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

the Space of Six Calendar Months next after his, her, or their Right, Title, orlnterest shall have defeended cr accrued.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fencsd by such Person or Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate (save and except the Rectors of the said Redories for the Time being, in respect of any Allotments to be made to them in Right of the said Rectories respectively, and save and except the said Surveyors of the Highways, Trustees for the Poor, and Commissioners for Drainage, for and in respect of the Allotments hereby directed to be made to them respectively, as such Surveyors, Trustees, or Commissioners as aforesaid), within such Time and in such Manner as the said General Commissioners (had, in and by their said Award, order, direct and appoint; and the Hedges, Ditches, Drains, and Fences which shall be made pursuant to the said Award, shall at all Times there- after be maintained and kept in Repair and cleansed by such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, as the said General Commissioners shall by their said Awatd order and direct; and if any Person or Persons, Body or B >. lies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall neglect or refuse to make and raise such Hedges, Ditches, Drains, or Fences, according to the Award of the said General Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered and required to cause such Hedges, Ditches, Drains, or Fences to be raised and made by such Person or Persons, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, as they the said General Commissioners shall think proper; and if the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who ought to have raised and made such Hedges, Ditches, or Fences, shall neglect or refuse to pay the Costs and Expences of raising and making the same (such Costs and Expences being settled by the said General Commissioners) within Ten Days after Demand made thereof, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby required to raise and levy the same by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be raised and levied; and for better preserving the Hedges, Ditches, Banks, Plants, Quicksets, and Fences of the said intended Inclosures, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time and at all Times during the Term of Seven Years next after the Execution of the said Award, to set or fix Pods or Rails, or any other Guards, on the Outside of the Hedges, Ditches, Banks, and Fences bounding their respective Allotments, not exceeding Three Feet from such Hedges, Ditches, Banks, and Fences; and at all seasonable Times before the End of the said Term, to remove, take, and carry away such Polls, Rails, and other Guards, and to convert the same to their respective Uses.

XL. And be it further enacted, That when the said General Commissioners shall have flaked out the several Allotments intended to be made by them by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate,

to

Fnr fencing Allotments.

Fences may hemade before t-ic txe. ctitiou of the said Award.

Ml

26o

For leaving Gaps.

Leases void ai to Allotments.

Allotment*

shall be of the fame T-ntire as the Land? for which they are allotted.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

to whom any Allotment or Allotments is or are intended to be m.ide, to inclose or fence such Allotment or Allotments in such Manner as the said General Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint, although the said Award shall not have been executed.

XLI. Provided always, That convenient Gaps and Openings shall be left in the Fences and inclosures to be made in pursuance of this Act, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next alter the Execution of the said Award, for the Padage of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages into and through the fame, unless the several Parties i mere (led shall agree that the same shall be sooner fenced in, made up, and indofed.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements within the said respective Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, shall, as far as such Lease or Leases affect or concern any Allotment or Allotments to be made in respect of any such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements comprised in such Lease or Leases, be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be null and void as to such Allotment and Allotments, and such Allotment and Allotments shall be made and assigned unto the Landlord or Landlords, and not to the Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or I.effees; and such Allotment and Allotments shall be freed and discharged from all the Right and Interest which may or otherwise might be claimed in or to the fame by virtue of such Lease or Leases; and the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom the Meduages, Lands, or Tenements comprised in such Lease or Leases shall belong as Landlord or Landlords, shall make such Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled to the fame under such Lease or Leases, as the said General Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands direct, for the Right of Common, orany other Rights or Intereds in, over, or upon the said Commons. Fens, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, appendant or appurtenant to such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, and which shall be extinguidied by this Act; and if an) Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall refuse or neglect to make any such Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, on Demand, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to rail'e and levy the same for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be raised and levied.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Meduages, Cottages, Lands and Grounds, which shall be allotted or exchanged by Virtue of this Act to or with any Person or Persons for or in lieu, or in respect of any Meduages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds holden of any Manor or Manors by Copy of Court Roll, or for, or in respect of any Leasehold Meduages, Lands, or Tenements, or for or in respect of any Right of Common, or any other Right or Intered, appurtenant or appendant to any such Copyhold or l.eafehold Premises, shall, from and after the Execution of the said Award, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or Leasehold, and shall be held as such by and under the fame Tenure, Kents, Payments, Fines, Cudoins, and Services as the Copyhold or

Leufehoicj

26l

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements respectively for or in lieu, or in respect whereof such Allotment or Exchanges fit ill be made, are now hulden; and that all and every Person or Persons to or with whom such Copyhold Lands and Premises shall be allotted or exchanged as aforesaid, shall, within Six Calendar Months next alter the Execution of the said Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame, without paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords Lady or Ladies, or to the Stewird or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors Tave and except lor the Stamp Duties and Parchment requiftte to be used for the Copies of such Admissions respectively, and such reasonable Fees to the respective Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors, as the said General Commissioners shall by their said Award order and direct); but in case any Person or Persons to whom such Lands and Premises shall be a lotted,

shall die without Admission within the said Six Calendar Months, then the customary Fees, Fines, and other Payments shall be due and payable on the Admission of the Person or Persons entitled to such Lauds and Premises j and after every such First Admission, the Copyhold Prtmifesfo to be allotted as aforesaid, shall at all Times be held under and subject to the fame Tenure, Fines, and other Payments, as the present Copyhold Meflyages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements in lieu or in respect whereof such Lands and Premises shall be allotted are now holden under and subject to; and the said General Commissioners shall by their laid Award determine, describe, and abut the Messuages, buildings, Lands and Grounds respectively which are to be and remain Copyhold or Leasehold; and all other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, anti Grounds to be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act (except what shall be so ascertained by the said General Commissioners to be Copyhold or Leasehold) shall be thenceforth deemed, taken, and enjoyed as freehold Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds, subject nevertheless to such Free Rents nd Services as are now payable out of the respective Messuages, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for or in respect whereof the same shall or may be allotted or exchanged.

XLIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act cont ined shall extend, orbe construed to extend, foas to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any , r 10 he Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any aff= ed-Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt or Incumbrances out of, or upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds to be divided, allotted, or exchanged by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, but that each and every Proprietor shall (land and be seised of the several Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds to be allotted to or exchanged with him or her as aforesaid, to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the ftme Wills, Jointures, Rents, and Charges and no other, as the Messuages. Buildings, Lands, and Grounds whereof such Proprietor was feilied or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the said Award, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to, charged with, or affected by in case this Act had not been made.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall remain to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased, taken, equal to or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which 100 [Loc. fcf Per.] 3 U shall

262

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Feoffee inTruft, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Truk tee, for or on Behalf any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, after defraying his, her, or their Share or Proportion of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, such Money shall, in case the lame shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Piivity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there tx parte the said General Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, or to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, and Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under ihe Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid Rood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of raking F.ffeft; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities' shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, taken, or used, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

XLVI. Provided always, That if the Money to be paid for any Lands,

when’taS Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes than 200l. aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons and exceeding under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall be equal to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such Case the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under

263

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

under their respective Hands, to be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the faiil Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before diefted; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said General Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be figri'fied in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Cale be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLVII. Provided also, That where such Money so to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such Case the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said General Commissioners shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or L.unacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and oireftieni Expences of inclosing the Lands which shall by virtue of this Act be al- e'^Vcci lotted to the said Rectors respectively in respect of the said Rectories, 0fthi, Aa. and of inclosing the Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made to the Surveyors of the Highways, and to the Trustees for the Poor of the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby respectively, and to the Commissioners for Drainage hereafter appointed, and all the Costs and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, allotting, draining, and exchanging the Lands and Premises hereby directed to be surveyed, measured, planned, valued, divided, allotted, drained, and exchanged, and of preparing and inrolling the said Award, and of the Copies thereof, and all the Charges and Expences of the said General Commissioners, their Alii Hants and Servants, and all other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said General Commissioners in and about: the Premises, and all other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution (save and except such Charges and Expences as shall be incurred by virtue of this Act after making the said Award) shall be borne, defrayed, and paid by the several Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested in the Premises (save and except the said Rectors of the said Rectories for the Time being, for or in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to them respectively in Right of the said Rectories; and also save and except the Surveyors of the Highways, and the Trustees for the Poor of the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby respectively and the said Commissioners for Drainage for the Time being, for or in respect of the Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made to them respectively as aforesaid; and also save and except such Person or Persons whole real Property within the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, or either of them, or elsewhere in the

Kingdom

Application uhen ( om-p- illation left than ao/.

264

Proprietors and their Agents 10 pay their own Expeaces.

Money advanced to be repaid with Interest.

Award to be made.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Kingdom of Great Britain, shall not in the Judgement of the said General Commissioners exceed the Yearly Value of Five Pounds, or who shall not be possessed of Personal Propel cy t > the Amount of One Hundred Pounds at the Time of making the said Allotments) in such Shares anil Proportions, at such Time or Times, and to such Person or Persons as the said General Commissioners shall appoint; and if any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall refuft or neg-left to pay his, her, or their Share or Shares of the said Costs, Charges, and bxpences to the Person or Persons authorized to receive the lame, at the Time or Times which shall be appointed by the said General Commissioners for Payment thereof, then and in such Case the said General Commissioners shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refuting as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if anyl after deducting the Charges and Expences attending such Warrant, Distrdfs, and Sale, to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; or otherwise it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower One or more Person or Persons to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds to be allotted, or belonging to the Person or Persons, or Body or B >dies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, and to take and receive the Rents, Miles, and Profits of the fame Premises, until thereby or therewith the Share or Shares of the said Colls, Charges, and Expences, so appointed to be paid by such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, with lawful Interest thereupon from the Time the same shall have become due, and aTo all the Colts and Expences occasioned by or attending such Entry on and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the said Premises, shall respectively be paid and satisfied.

XLIX. Provided also, That the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them shall attend the said General Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

L Provided also, That if any of the Persons interested in the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any other Person or Persons, shall advance and pay any Money in Discharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, the Money so paid and advanced shall be repaid and satisfied to him, her, or them, by the Direction of the said General Commissioners, together with lawful Interest for the same.

LI. And be it further enacted, That so soon as conveniently may be after the said General Commissioners shall have completed the Division and Allotments of the said Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds hereby cirested to be divided and allotted, and the Works which they shall deem necessary for draining the fame, and the said Marsh Lands, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, they shall form and draw up an Award or Instrument in Writing, which shall ascertain and describe the 8 Boundaries

4.10 GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Boundaries of the said Parishes of Burgh and Eillockly respectively, and shall e.xprefs and denote the Quantity, in Statute Measurr, of Acres, Roods, and Perches of the said Open Fields, Commons, Fen', and Waste Grounds, and the Quantity of each and every Part and Parcel thereof which shall be assigned and allotted to each of the Parties entitled to or interested in the lame, and of the Parts thereof which shall be allotted for the said Surveyors of the Highway', Trustees for the Poof, and Commissioners for Drainage reflectively, in pursuance of the Directions herein contained, and shall contain a Description of the Situa'ion, Abuttals, and Boundaries of the fame Parcels and Allotments respectively, and of the Meflua-ge , Cot-age', Buildings, Land1, and Grounds, and of such Part or Parts thtreof as are to be and remain Copyhold or Leasehold, and of the Quantity of such Lands and Grounds which shall be given of received in Exchange by any Person, or B rdv Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, by virtue of this 'Ct, and shall ascertain and defcrihe such Parts of the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and such Marsh Lands, lying within the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby respectively, as (h II in the Judgement of the said General Commissioners require to be drained by virtue of this Act, which Parts of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and such Marsh Lands so to be afeerrained and described as lait mentioned, shall be for ever thereafter deemed to be the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act; and the said Award shall also contain such Orders and Directions for Taifing and maintaining Fences on the Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, hereby dirtfted to be divided and allotted, and for laying out, making, and maintaining proper Roads, Ways, Passages, Bridges, Ditches, Gates, Stiles, and Drains over and upon the said Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and also such other Orders and R-gulations as the said General Commissioners shall think proper and necessary to be inserted in such Award, conformable to the Purport and Tenor of this Act; and Two Parts of the said Award, with a reduced Map or Plan of the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby thereto reflectively annexed, shall be fairly ingrossed or written on Parchment, and signed, sealed, and delivered by the said General Commissioners; and the said Award shall, within Six Calendar Months after the Execudon thereof, be inrolled in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJImnle-, or by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, so that Recourse may be had to such Inrolment by any Person or Persons interested in the Premises (for the Inspection and Perusal wheyeof the Sum of One Shilling and no more shall be paid); and both Parts of the said Award, or a true Copy theteof, or of any Part thereof, attelted by the said General Commissioners, or by the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or by the proper Officer of the Court where the same shall be inrolled (for which Copy no more than Two.pence per Sheet shall be paid, each Sheet containing Seventy-two Words'1, shall from Time to Time and at all Times thereafter be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and T hings therein contained, in all Courts whatsoever; and the Two Parts of the said Award shall be delivered to such Persons, and shall be deposited and kept in such Places, as the said General Commissioners shall appoint; and the said Award, and the several Allotments, Partitions, Exchanges, Orders, Directions, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall be, and is, and are hereby declared to be binding, and conclusive unto and upon all and every Person and Persons, Body and

ILoc. E? Pa.]

3*

Bodies

266 ai° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested in and entitled to the said Premises so to be divided and allotted, drained and exchanged as aforesaid.

Award so be rer.d in the Pi eft nee of the rot)iie-tors.

Book of Accounts to be left with the Cl- k for the Inspetfhon of the Proprietors.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Award shall be read and executed by the said General Commissioners in the Presence of the Proprietors of the said Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, iSvho may attend at a Special General Meeting to be called for that Purpose, of which Special General Meeting Ten Days Notice at the lealt shall be given in the Norfolk Chronicle, if then printed, and if not, then in some other Newspaper printed and circulated in the said County of Norfolk, which Execution of such Award shall, on the following Sunday, be proclaimed in the Parish Churches of Burgh and Billockby aforesaid; and from and after such Proclamation only, and not before, the said Award shall be and be considered as complete.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to enter in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, an Account of all Monies whatever received from the Proprietors or others during the said Division and inclosure, and also of all the Charges and Expences in the Execution of this Act, which Book or Books of Accounts shall be kept at the Office of the Clerk to the said General Commissioners, and shall be open at all seasonable Times during the Progress of the said Division and inclosure, and till all the Accounts are finally settled, for the Inspection of any of the Proprietors, without Fee or Reward; and in case the said General Commissioners or the said Clerk shall neglect to procure and keep such Book or Books of Accounts, or shall refuse the Inspection thereof to any of the Proprietors at all seasonable Times, the Party or Parties so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor lef* than Forty Shillings; and in case of Non-payment thereof, on Conviction of the Offenders respectively on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confelhon of the Party or Parties offending, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Fland and Seal of such Justice, and all such Fines and Forfeitures shall be applied towards discharging the Costs and Charges of executing this Act, and the Overplus of the Money raised by such Difirefs and Sale, after deduding the Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, and the Expences of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for Want of sufficient Distress, and in case the Fine or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender to the Common Goal or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fine or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be looner paid and satisfied.

eJ°"vhenCeiV'

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Monies to be

amounting to raised and received under and by virtue of the Powers of this Act, until

yi. to be put t[ie sjoninn- of the said Award, shall, as often as the same shall amount to

ill a Banker’s b a

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22. 267

the Sum

Banker, m iui u umvi wmti ill bliuua a. nia'i uw w " shall be p-

Majoriiy in Value of the Proprietors who shall be prelenc at the First

proved by the

Meeting of the said General Commissioners, and in the Notice of such Meeting shall be expressed the Intention of their appointing such Banker, et0rs. ‘ or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid; and no such Monies deposited or paid into the Hands of such Banker, or other Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be issued or paid by hitn or them without an Order in Writing, signed by the said General Commissioners, specifying the P rfonor Persons to whom the same are respectively payable, and the Service or Consideration for which the same are to be paid; and that the Balance (if any) upon the final Settlement of all Accounts by the said General Commissioners, shall be immediately repaid to the fe-vera! Land Owners, Proprietors, or Persons interested, in Proportion to the several Sums paid and advanced by them respectively.

LV. And be it farther enacted. Thac it shall and may be lawful to and For borrow-for the Trustee or Trustees, Feoffee or Feoffees, and to and for the re- ‘"S Money, spective Owners and Proprietors of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Parishes of Burgh and BiUockby, or either of them (save and except the Rectors of the said respective Rectories f- r the Time being, the Surveyors of the Highways and Trustees of the Poor of the said respective Parishes, and Commissioners for Drainage, in respect of any Allotment or Allotments made to them respectively as such Rectors, Surveyors, Trustees, or Commissioners as aforesaid) and also to and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Committees of any of the said Owners or Proprietors being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots,

Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or labouring under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, whether such Owners and Proprietors respectively be Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or by the Curtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings under their respective Hands and Seals, to be duly executed in the Presence of, and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to charge the Lands and Grounds exchanged with or allotted to them respectively by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, with any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding their respective Proportions of the Costs, Charges, and Expences directed and appointed by the said General Commissioners to be paid by such Owners and Proprietors respectively; and for securing the Re payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Imereft for the fame, to grant, mortgage, lease, and de-mile, or otherwise subject the said Premises, being Freehold or Lease-hold, or any Part thereof, unto any Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money respectively, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years, and also to surrender the Copyhold Part or Parts of the said Premises unto or for the Use of any such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns; so that every such Grant, Demise or Surrender be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trull to be surrendered when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, with the Interest thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid; and so that in every such Grant, Mortgage, Demise, or Surrender, which shall be made by such Trustee or Trustees, Feoffee or Feoffees, or

by

of Fifty Pounds, be paid to and deposited in the Hands of some Hjndi.or such

c of fl- i 11 nF Ku Q OtllCi Per'OH M

I

268 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

by any Person or Persons intereflrd in or entitled unto the P-emifes for the Term of their natural Lives only, or by his, her, or their Husband or Hultands, Guardian or Guardians, Trullee or Trustees, Committee or

- Committees, there be contained a 1'roviso or Covenant, that the Pro-

piietor or Proprietors of the Paid Premises shall duly pay and keep down the Interest of any Sum or Sums ot Money to be thereby secured during their respective Lives, or the Lives of the l ei ants in Posstflion of such. Pretnifes, and no Person afterwards becoming polLfTed of the Premises, shall be liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for One Year preceding the Time that the T itle to such Possession shall commence; and every Inch Grant, Mortgage, Demile, or Surrender of the said Premises, or any Part thereof, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended.

CommifTon-

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Lord or Lords, Lady or ^4sppohiud" I-adics, of the said Manors of Burgh St. Margaret, Burgh I'aux, and Bil-lockhy respectively, ihe Rectors of the said respective Redories of Burgh and Billoekly for the Time being, and Lich and every Owner or Proprietor of Twenty Acres of Land to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall, from and after the Execution of the Award herein directed to be made by the said General Commissioners, be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purpose of draining the Lands and Grounds directed to be drained by virtue of this Act.

Appointment

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to CommUitoner ar|d for each and every such Commissioner for Drainage by Writing undtr foi Dia nage. his or her Hand, from Time to Time and for such Time as he or she shall think fit, to nominate and appoint an Ageut or Deputy to ad in his or her Absence, a^ a Commissioner for Drainage; and every such Agent or Deputy shall and may, in the Absence of the Person by whom he shall be so nominated and appointed, ad as a Commissioner for Drainage, and shall have the like Power and Authority as the Person by whom such Agent or Deputy shall be appointed; but no such Agent or Deputy shall be capable of acting as Agent or Deputy for the Purposes of this Act, for any more than One Commissioner for Drainage at any One Time.

ConmiiTioii-

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of

- 'tr acting as a Commissioner for Drainage (except it be in administering the fir nation. Oath or Affirmation herein-sf ter mentioned to any of the other Commis-

floners for Drainage) until he or she shall have taken the Oath following, or being of the People called Quakers make Affirmation;

( videlicet J,

‘ A.B. do swear [or being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly 1 affirm] That I will, without Favour or Affection, Hatred or Malice,

truly and impartially, according to the belt of my Skill and Know-‘ ledge, execute and perform all and every the Powers and Authorities in the Execution whereof I shall at any lime, ad as a Commissioner for ‘ Drainage, appointed in and by an Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His Majesty, King George the Third, intituled,

‘ An Act for dividing, allotting, inilojing, draining, and preferring the Open *2 Fields

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22. 269

Fields, MarshLands, Commons, Fens, and ll'ajle Grounds, within the Parishes of Burgh and Billockby in the County of Norfolk.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful to and for any One of the said Commissioners for Drainage to administer, and such Commissioner for Drainage is hereby required to administer the same to the other Commissioners for Drainage.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall prefunw to act as a Conunifiioner for Drainage before he or fire shall have taken the said Oath, or made Affirmation, or if any Person being duly qualified as required by this Act, shall have acted, or shall have appointed an Agent or Deputy who shall have acted as such Agent or Deputy in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Colls of Suit, by Actioji of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he or she has taken such Oath or made such Affirmation, and is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of Twenty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person has acted as a Commissioner for Drainage in the Execution of this Act, or has appointed an Agent or Deputy; One Moiety of which Penalty shall be paid to the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety shall, be applied 10 the Purposes of this Act.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for First Meet-Drainage shall and they are hereby required to hold their First Meeting m®i°oners'for for carrying this Act into Execution, in the Parish of Burgh or in the Dr.inage. Parish of Billockby aforesaid, on the First Monday in the Month next after the Execution of the said Award by the said General Commissioners. between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon; and thg said Commissioners for Drainage shall meet on the First Monday in the Month of May in each and every Year, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon, in the said Parish of Rwgb or Parish of Billockby, whish last-mentioned Meeting shall be called the General Annual t\feetipg of Annua) the said Commissioners for Drainage; and the said Commissioners for M'tt,n*-Drainage shall, and may, from Time to Time, adjourn themfcjves to meet at any convenient Place within either of the said Parishes, or wit^r in Ten Miles thereof, which they the said Commissioners for Quinage* or the major Part of them present at any such Meeting shall appoint j and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners for Drainage at any such Meeting* to act pr to adjourn to another Day (Two Commissioners for Drainage to be jieenwd sufficient for the Purpose of adjourning! or if they shall refuse or neglqft to adjourn, then, and in every such Case, the Clerk to the said Cotm rnissioners for Drainage, or any Two or more of the said Conimifliouers for Drainage, shall and may call a Meeting to be holaen within the said Parish of Burgh or Billockby, by Writing under his H.nd or iheir lLmds, affixed on the principal Doors of the said Parish Churches of BwgJ? wd Billockby aforesaid, and by publishing the fame in One of the Norwich [Loc. & Per.] 3 T - Weekly

Persons aft-in* nt being qualified to forfeit *01*

270

Book* to be kept.

AS ion 8 to be in the Name of the Clerk.

Clerk to be paid his Expences.

Bor appointing Officers.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Weekly Newspapers Ten Days at the lead previous to the Time of such Meeting; and no Act of the said Commissioners for Drainage shall be good or valid unless done at fomc publick Meeting, to be holden by virtue of this Act slave as may be herein excepted); and that all Powers and Authorities granted to or vested in the said Commissioners for Drainage, shall and may, from Time to Time, be exercised by the major Part of them present at any Meeting, the whole Number present at such Meeting not being less than Five; and the said Commissioners for Drainage shall at all their Meetings in pursuance of this Act, be allowed Ten Shillings each per Day, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, and no more, towards their Expences, so that such Allowance do not in the Whole exceed the Sum of Four Pounds per Day at every such Meeting of the said Commissioners for Drainage.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That fair and regular Entries shall be made, in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, of all the Acts, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Directions, and Proceeding; of t’t said Commissioners for Drainage, relative to the Execution of this A. i, and of the Names of the Commissioners for Drainage wro shall be present at the respective Meetings, and the same shall be signed with the Name of the Clerk to the said Commissioners for Drainage; and all such Entries, being so signed, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, in all Cases, Suits, and Actions touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Drainage shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk; and that no Action that may be brought or commenced by or again!! the said Commissioners for Drainage, or any of them, by virtue or on Account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Commissioners for Drainage, but the Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners for Drainage shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be, except in such Action or Actions as should be prosecuted between the said Commissioners for Drainage and their Clerk for the Time being, in which Cafe any One of the said Commissioners for Drainage shall or may be made Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case shall be: Provided always, That every such Clerk, or Commissioner for Drainage, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such C.ofts and Charges as by the Event of any such Proceedings he shall be put to or become chargeable wich, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Drainage shall and may, at their First or any subsequent Meeting, appoints Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer, Surveyor, and such other Officer or Officers for the Execution of this Act, as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think proper, and from Time to Time remove them or any of them, and appoint others, as they shall find necessary or convenient; and by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, may and are hereby empowered to appoint and pay such Salaries and Allowances to

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners for Drainage employed in the Execution of this Act, as they shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners for Drainage shall and may take such Security for the due Execution of the respective Offices by such Person and Persons as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think proper; and all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall under their Hands, at such Time and Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall direct, deliver to such Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively, received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said Officers or Persons so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath verify their said Accounts (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners for Drainage is hereby enabled to administerj; and if such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or shall refuse-to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Twenty Days afier being the reunto required by such Commissioners for Drainage, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their Hands to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or as they shall dirrd or appoint, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Commissioners for Drainage may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners for Drainage, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing, shall be and reside, such Justices may, and are hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under their H inds and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so refusing or neglecting, to:be brought before thenr, and upon his or their appearing, or not being found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Tellitnony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Money that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may and are herejjy authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such

Officer

*7* 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answet and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of detraining and felling the fame; or if it shall appear to such Justice, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer), that any such Officer or Person shall not have made and rendered, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or shall refuse to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or shall not have delivered to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they shall have appointed, within Twenty Days aftef being the reunto required by such Commissioners for Drainage, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of Norfolk, the re to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true a d perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Commissioners for Drainage, and shall have paid such C->m-position in such Manner as they shall appoint, which Composition the said Commissioners for Drainage are hereby empowered to make, and urn I he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, Vouchers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners for Drainage.

Work* of Drainage to be kept in Repair,

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Drainage shall be, and they are hereby fully empowered from Time to Time by such Agents or Persons as they shall think proper to employ, to support, maintain, repair, and improve all such Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works, as shall be made or erected by the said General Commissioners, in, through, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of draining the fame, and from Time to Time to renew such of them as shall fall into Decay, and become incapable of being repaired; and also to make and ered all such Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works as shall appear to the said Commissioners for Drainage to be necessary for effectually draining the said Lands and Grounds; all such Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works to be made or erected by the said General Commissioners, or by the said Commissioners for Drainage, for the Purpose of draining the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, and the Right and Property to and in the fame, and the Materials of which the same shall consist, and also the Piece or Pieces of Land to be set out and allotted by the said General Commissioners to the said Commissioners for Drainage, for maintaining, repairing, and preserving the fame, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby vested in the said Commissioners for Drainage for the Time being; and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time to insure from Fire all and every such Mills or Engines, Edifices and Buildings, as shall at any Time or Times be erected by virtue of this Act.

To raise LXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Drainage,

maintaining ft13!' and may, from Time to Time and at all Times after the said Award of Worki. the said General Commissioners shall be made and executed, at any of their 1 Meetings

273

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Meetings lo be holden in pursuance of this Act, assess, rate, tax, and charge all and every the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, with such equal and proportionable Rates and Assessments upon their respective Parts and Shares thereof, as they the said Commissioners for Drainage shall judge necessary for the making, maintaining, repairing, and supporting of the several Works for the Drainage of the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, and for making any necessary Alterations or Enlargements therein or thereto, as Occasion shall require; all which said Rates, Taxes, and AsseiTments shall be collected by, and paid to such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons, and at such Times as they the said Commissioners for Drainage shall appoint, and shall be applied by them in Discharge of all such Expences as they shall incur in the Execution of this AdL

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Tenants and Occupiers of all and Angular the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall pay, and are hereby authorized and required to pay, such Sums of Money as shall be so assessed on the Lands in their respective Occupations, by the said Commissioners for Drainage, to the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners for Drainage, for the Purpose of receiving the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Tenant or Occupier to deduct and retain the fame out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents; and the several Owners are hereby required to allow such Deduction; and every such Tenant, paying such Rate or Assessment, shall be discharged of so much Money as the same shall amount to, as fully as if the fame had been paid to his or their Landlord.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, "That in case any Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall make Default in Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Sum or Sums of Money to be assessed, rated, taxed, or charged upon him, her, or them, for or in respect of such Lands or Grounds, or any Part thereof, and shall continue in such Default by the Space of Ten Days next after the Time appointed by the said Commissioners for Drainage for such Payment, and after Demand of such Rates and Assessments made by the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorised to collect such Rates and Assessments, by Writing left at the usual Place or Places of Abode of such Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers, who is, are, or ought to pay the same, or if such Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers, shall not have any Place of Abode within the said Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, or one of them, or within Twq Miles of the fame, then after Demand made by the said Collector or Cotledlors, or other Person or Persons authorized to collect such Rates and Assessments, by Notice in Writing affixed on some conspicuous Part of the Premises chargeable with such Hates and Assessments, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage (which Warrant or Precept such Two or more Commissioners for Drainage are hereby empowered and required to give, as there shall be Decals'Lee. Per.'] 3 Z fton

Tenants to pay Taxes.

For Recovery of Taxes.

274 41° GEORGlt III. Cap. 22.

fion, though not assembled at any Meeting in pursuance of this Act) to enter into and upon all or any Part of the Lands or Grounds so rated and assessed as aforesaid, and into and upon all or any Messuages or Tenements thereupon (landing, and there, or in any Part or Patts of the Lands, Grounds, Messuages, or Tenements upon which such Entry dial 1 be made, to distrain all or any such Goods, Chattels or Cattle as shall be there found; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, to impound the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrairred on any Pats of the Messuages or Lands whereon the same shall be found, or otherwise to take, lead, drive, or carry away, and keep the fame for the Space of Five Days, leaving Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Distress or Diffreffes, at the Messuages or Tenements, or on some conspicuous Part of the Lands or Grounds upon which such Distress shall be taken, or otherwise at the usual Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle; and if the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels or Cattle so distrained, fftall not pay the Sum or Sums of Money To assessed, rated, and distrained for as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of such Warrant, and of taking such Distress, and of keeping and maintaining the fame, or replevy the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle so distrained, according to the Laws now in force for Nonpayment of Rent, within the said Five Days, that then the said Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained shall be appraised by Two or more indifferent Persons, to be sworn by the Constable or Headborough of the Parish or Place where such Distress shall be made (who is hereby authorized and required to administer an Oath for that Purpose) to appraise the fame, according to the belt of their Judgements; and that after such Appraisement as aforesaid, the said Goods, Chattels, or Cattle shall be sold by the said Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, for Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money so assessed, rated, and distrained for, and of the said Costs and Charges, and also of the Costs and Charges of appraising and felling such Distress, and that the Overplus arising from such Sale (if any ), after Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money, shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owmers of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle.

Lands un-

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in Cafe any

rerminVse- the said Lands or Grounds to be drained as aforesaid, shall at any

curity for the Time hereafter be untenanted or unoccupied, so that no sufficient Distress Rates. can bg macje for levying the said Rates and Assessments, then the Lands

and Grounds chargeable therewith shall remain a Security for Payment of such Rates and Assessments, and all Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, impounded, kept, and fold, in Manner aforesaid, until such . Rates and Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, and the Charges incident to such Distress, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

jPunishment

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons (hill wilfully and maliciously cut, damage, break down, demo.ifii, or destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Sluice, or Tunnel already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained, or used, for answering the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof, shall be guilty of

Felony

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22. 275

Felony, and the Court before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be tTansported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Fer(bnsd»-wilfully or maliciously flop, dam up, or damage any Drain, Watercourse, k*

Dam, Bridge, Stile, or other Work or Works, which shall at any Sum not cx. Time hereafter be making or erecting, or made or erected, supported, tcedineJo/-maintained or used for the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justices are hereby authorized to administer) shall forfeit and pay any Sum Hot exceeding Fifty Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and such Money, when so levied, shall be paid to any One or more of the said Gotnmissioners for Drainage, or to their Clerk, and shall be applied towards the Discharge of the Expences attending the Execution of this Act; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall, by the said Justices, be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County of Norfolk, for any Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the said Justices.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Ne"fct5tto Occupier or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds clean* so be drained by virtue of this Act, to which any Ditch or Ditches, C"ches* Drain or Drains, shall belong, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to scour, cleanse, open, or repair any such Ditch or Drain, or to make the fame of a sufficient Depth and Width, after Ten Days Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, from Time to Time for that Purpose by the Collector or other Officer to be appointed under and by virtue of this Act (such Collector or other Officer having an Order in Writing for that Purpose under the Hands of Two or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage) every such Owner or Occupier shall, for every such Neglect or Rcfuial, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Shillings for every Rod of the Ditch of Drain so neglected to be scoured, cleansed, opened, fepaired, deepened, or widened; and it shall and may be lawful from Time to Time to and for such Collector or other Officer to cause such Ditches and Drains, at the Charge and Expence of such Owners or Occupiers, to be scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, and deepened, in a sufficient Manner; and where a Way shall have been made over any Ditch or Drain, without a sufficient Tunnel, to cause such Way to be taken-up, and such Ditch or Drain to be made of a proper Width and Depth, and by Warrant or Precept under the Hands of Three or more of the Commissioners for Drainage, to levy such Penalty, and also such Charges and Expences, upon such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels; and such Penalties shall be applied fof the Purposes of this Act.

2.-j6

No Trees to be planted, or Buildings erected within aoo* Yards of any Engines to be erected by this Act, by Order of the Commissioners.

Herbage of Droves, &c. to b? let Annually.

Appeal to the Sessions.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Tree or Trees shall at any Time or Times hereafter be planted, or any Building, Stack, or Rick erected or built, except by the Order or Permission of the said Commissioners for Drainage, nearer to any Mill or Engine which shall be made, erected, or employed as aforesaid than Two hundred Yards; and it any Tree or Trees shall be planted, or any Building, Stack, or Rick shall be hereafter made, erected, or built within the Distance aforesaid of any such Mill or Engine, and if the Owner or Owners of any such Tree or Trees, Building, Stack, or Rick, shall neglect to take down and remove, or cause to be taken down and removed such Tree or Trees, Building, Stack, or Rick, for the Space of Fourteen Days after Notice in Writing shall have been given to him, her, or them for that Purpose, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, signed by any Three or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for Drainage, to cause such Tree or Trees to be taken down and carried away, and such Building, Stack, or Rick to be pulled down and removed.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Grass and Herbage growing, arising, and renewing upon such Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted as shall be vested in the said Commissioners for Drainage, shall in future be let by the said Commissioners for Drainage, at their General Annual Meetings to be holden as aforesaid, for the bell Rent or Rents that can or may be gotten for the fame, and such Rents shall be applied by the said Commissioners for Drainage, for the general Purposes of Drainage under this Act, in such Manner as they shall at such Annual Meeting direct.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall think himfeit, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said General Commissioners as are herein declared to be final or conclusive, and except in such Cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned) then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Norfolk, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on 'giving to the said General Commissioners, or any Two of them, and to the Party or Panies concerned, in case the Appeal shall be made against any Act or Determination of the said General Commissioners, or to the Clerk of the said Commissioners for Drainage, in case the Appeal shall be made against any Act or Determination of the said Commissioners for Drainage, Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Premises) at their said General Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter ot every such Appeal, and to make such Order and award such Colls and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Colts and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or , 3 Parties

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22. 27

Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale, and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned; but in case any such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures jJ 'cover, of by this Act imposed and incurred (for the Recovery and Application iiTArcU Juj whereof no particular Method is herein before directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant, upon the Conviction of the Party or Parties on his, her, or their Confession, or upon the Evidence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oarh such Justice is hereby empowered to administer, and the Overplus Jf any) alter deducing the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered shall be paid to the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Commissioners for Drainage, and shall be applied for such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think fit; but nevertheless it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for Drainage, at any of their Meetings, to pay or cause to be paid, such Part of the said Penalties or Forfeitures, not exceeding One Moiety thereof, to the Informer or Informers, as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think reasonable; and in case sufficient c Offen.leis Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be co,n

paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County of Norfolk, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months nor Ids than One Calendar Month, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the fame, shall be sooner paid and

satisfied.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any ^or"’,"fc'n Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or any Matter in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to fayj,

t)E it remembered, That on this Day of

in the Year of our Lord A.B. is con-

*' vifted before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the [or. County, as the Case shall happen] of

having [as the Offence shall he] contrary to an Act of Parliament made ‘ in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of the /id] and I [or wel the said

2?8

Proceedings not to bt quashed for Want of Form, nor removable by C trtiorari.

Distress rot un awful for Want of Form.

Limitation of Actions.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

do adjudge him [her, or them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of ' Given under

my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year

aforesaid.’

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Determination, Judgement, Conviction, Warrant, or other Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order, Rate, or Assessment to be made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Statute, Law, or Usage to the contrary thefeof in anywise noewith-standing.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Tax, Rate, or Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on Account of any Dcfeft or Want of Form in the Rate or Assessment to be made, or in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant, Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons so aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, until after Thirty Days Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Party or Parties aggrieved, shall have been given to the Party or Parties complained of, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, thereby setting forth the Cause of such Action or Suit; nor after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months after the Fad committed, or the Cause of such Action shall have arisen ; and every Action commenced and prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be brought and laid in the said County of, Norfolk, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit, shall and may plead, at his or their Election, specially, or the General Issue, and if in Replevin, may justify and avow by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by the Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act; and if upon the-Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before the Expiration of Thirty Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid. or after the Time 15 ’ limited

2:

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every of the said Cases the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants j and in all Cases where a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, in any such Action or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonsuited, or if upon Demurrer Judgement ilia 11 be given against Tilth Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, and have I\ich and the like Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, hath or have for recovering Costs of Suit in any other Cafe by Law.

LXXX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall defeat, lessen, or prejudice, or be construed to defeat, lessen, or preju- toWof dice, the Right, Title, or Interest of the Lord or Lords, Lady or La- Manors, dies, of the Manors herein mentioned, or any of them, for the Time being, in or to the Seigniories, Royalties, Rights, and Services incident and belonging to the said Manors respectively; but that such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors, for the Time being, shall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Monies,

Goods, and Chattels of Felons, Fugitives, Felons of themselves, Persons put in Exigent, Deodands, Waifs, Estrays, Forfeitures, and all Royalties, Jurisdictions, Rights, and Pre-eminences whatsoever to the said Manors, or any of them, or to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies thereof for the Time being respectively incident, appendant, appurtenant, belonging, or in anywise appertaining (save and except such Right to the Soil of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and such Rights of Common of Pasture, and other Rights of Common and Interests as before the passing of this Act belonged to, or could or might have been claimed or exercised by such Lord or Lotds, Lady or Ladies, in, over, or upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds) in as full, large, ample, and beneficial Manner as he, she, or they could or might have held and enjoyed the fame in case this Act had not been passed.

LXXXL Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His General Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Body Sa',"'s-or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (except the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred and destroyed, and all Persons respectively claiming under them or in Remainder after them) all such Right, Title, and Interest which they, every, or any of them, could or ought to have had and enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted in case this Act had not been passed.

a8o

[Publick Act.]

41° GEORGII lit. Cap. 22.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without l'pecially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 23.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation to complete the same, and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal. [ 21JI May 1801.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making 34 G" a Navigable Canal from the River Kennet at or near the Town 1 ' of Newbury in the County of Berks, to the River Avon at or near the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described, certain Persons and their Successors, incorporated by the Name of 'The Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation, were authorised to make, complete, artd maintain the said Canal Navigation in Manner thereby directed, and to raise and contribute amongst themselves a Sum of Money for completing the said Canal, and the Works and Conveniencies necessary thereto, not exceeding the Sum of Four Hundred and Twenty Thousand Pounds, to be contributed in Three Thousand Five Hundred equal Shares, and no Person was to hold less than Half a Share nor more than Fifty Shares in the said Undertaking; and if the said Sum of Four Hundred and Twenty Thousand Pounds should be found insufficient for the Purposes of the said Act, the said Company of Proprietors were authorised, in Manner therein mentioned, to raite and contribute amongst themselves, in proportion to their Shares or Half Shares in the said Undertaking, the further Sum of One Hundred and Fifty Thousand Pounds, or to borrow and take up at Interest any Part of the said Sum of One Hundred and Fifty Thousand Pounds on Mortgage of the Tolls, Rates, and Duties granted by the said Act to [Lee. & Per.) 4 C the

286

36 Gee. III.

The Company of Proprietors are

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

the said Company of Proprietors: And whereas by an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled, An Act to vary and alter the Line of the Canal authorised to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the River Kennct at or near the Town of Newbury in the County of Berks, to the River Avon at or near the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein describcdf and to amend the said Adiand also to make a certain Navigable Cut therein described, the said Company of Proprietors were empowered to vary the Line of the said Canal, and Power was given t > the Committee of Management of the Affairs and Business of the said Company of Proprietors, elected in Manner directed by the said first. recited Act, to fink or merge the Shares or Half Shares of certain Proprietors who had incurred or should incur a Forfeiture thereof into the Rest of the Shares in the said Undertaking, and to expunge and strike out the Names of such Proprietors, aid the Numbers of their Shares or Half Shares-, and in such Case that the said Sum of Four Hundred and Twenty Thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as should be necessary, should be raised amongst the Rest of the Proprietors in Manner therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, the said Company of Proprietors we/e authorised to vary the Line of the said Canal, and the said recited Acts'were amended: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have proceeded in making and completing certain Parts of the said Canal, and Calls to the Amount of One Hundred and Twenty Pounds a Share, and Sixty Pounds a Half Share, being the due Proportion of the said Sum of Four Hundred and Twenty Thousand Pounds, in respect to the said Three Thousand Five Hundred Shares have been made, and a Number of Shares and Half Shares have been declared by the Committee of Management to be forfeited, and have been merged, and the Money due thereon has been called for by the Committee of Management upon the Proprietors of the remaining Shares and Half Shares in the said Undertaking, amounting to Seventeen Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny on each Share, and Fight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings on each Half Share; and there is yet a further Sum of Money wanting and necessary more than the said Company of Proprietors have been able to raise, or can raise or borrow by virtue of the said Acts, to complete the said Canal and Works, and the said Proprietors are desirous of being relieved from contributing any further Sums in respect of any other of the said Shares and Half Shares which may hereafter be merged, and that an adequate Sum may be raised for the Completion of the said Canal by Voluntary Subscriptions for New Shares in the said Undertaking in Manner after mentioned: And whereas the said recited Acts have in other Respects been found defective, and the Powers and Provssions thereof require to be altered and amended: May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, it shall be lawful

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 23. 287

lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby au- empowered thorised and empowered to raise the further Sum of Two. Hundred t^ra'!eTWj and Forty Thousand Pounds by the Creation and Disposal of Four Forty Thou-Thoufind New Shares, (or so much Money as such New Shares at the sand Pounds Rate they shall be disposed of shall amount unto,) and that Three Thou- by creating sand of the said New Shares shall and may be taken by such of the pre- New S’1*"5, sent Proprietors of Shares and Half Shares in the said Undertaking or their Nominees as have subscribed for the fame at the Rate of Sixty

Pounds a Share, and to be divisible into Half Shares, or by such of the said Proprietors or their Nominees as shall be admitted by the Committee of Management to subscribe for the fame within One Calendar Month from the passing of this Act, and afterwards by any other Person who shall be admitted by the Committee of Management to subscribe for and take the fame at the said Rate; and the remaining One Thousand of the said New Snares, or so many thereof as the said Committee of Management shall think fit, shall and may be disposed of by the Committee of Management by Public Auctions at the Exchange Coffee House, or some other suitable Place in Bristol, or at Garraway'% Coffee

House, or some other suitable Place in London to be appointed by the

Committee, and in such Numbers (not less than Twenty nor more than Fifty Shares on any One Day of Sale) and at such Time and Times and in such Manner as the said Committee of Management shall think fit -, provided that none of such Shares shall be sold at less than Sixty Pounds each without the Content of the Proprietors at large to be given at any special Meeting of such Proprietors, and provided that the Purchasers of such Shares as shall be disposed of after One or more Call or Calls shall have been made in respect of the other New Shares, shall within Twenty-one Days, and before they are admitted thereto and registered as Owners thereof, advance and pay to the Treasurers of the said Company so much of the Purchase Money for the said purchased Shares as shall leave only the same Sum to be thereafter cal led for on such purchased Shares as shall then remain to be called for on the said other New Shares; all NewShares which said Shares and Half Shares shall be deemed Personal Effate, declared to and be tranlmiffible as such; and all Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who shall by themselves or Agents subscribe for and be ad- fcrjbejs mined by the Committee of Management, or otherwise become entitled made Proto such Shares and Half Shares, their several and respective Executors, prietors, and Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall be and they are hereby de- Provi- dared to be the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and shall be and they former Act, are hereby united to and incorporated with the said Company, and the extended to several Powers, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, and other Provisions such New contained in the said recited Acts, or any of them (subject nevertheless shart> to the Provisions, Directions, and Regulations herein contained), shall extend to the calling for, railing, suing for and recovering the several Sums to be subscribed for the said Shares and Half Shares, and for compelling and obliging the several Subscribers for or Proprietors of the said Shares and Half Shares to pay the respective Sums to be subscribed for as aforesaid, and for transferring and entering and registering the said Shares and Half Shares, and in all other Respects relating thereto, in like Manner as if the said Shares and Half Shares had been originally subscribed for, and as if the Money to be subscribed by virtue of this Act was Pan of the Money authorised to be raised by the said First recited

-288

Committee may make Calls.

If the New Shares raise more than enough to complete the Canal, the Overplus to be divided.

Register

Book.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

Act, and as if the said several Powers, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, and other Provisions contained in the said several recited Acts, or any of them, and not hereby abrogated or altered, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act: And as well all and every the Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, who shall severally subscribe for and be admitted to any such New Shares or Half Shares, shall Hand and be interested in all the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue to the said Company by virtue of the said recited Acts and this present Act, in such Proportions as such Shares and Half Shares shall bear to the whole Amount of Shares and Half Shares in the said Undertaking; so that each Proprietor of One or more of such New Shares or Half Shares shall be entitled tb receive such and the fame Dividend and Profit for the fame, as he would be entitled to receive for an equal Number of Old Shares or Half Shares in the said Undertaking.

II. And be it enacted, That the said Committee of Management shall and may at any Meeting of the said Committee held according to the Directions and Powers given in and by any of the said recited Acts, or at any Adjournment, make Calls for Money from the Subscribers to and Proprietors of the said New Shares and Half Shares; provided that Public Notice thereof be given in Manner directed by the said First recited Act, and that not more than Five Pounds per Share, and Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Half Share, be called for at any One Time, nor more than Fifteen Pounds per Share, and Seven Pounds Ten Shillings per Half Share be called for in the whole in any One Year, commencing from the Twenty-seventh Day of February One Thousand Eight Hundred and One: Provided also, That no Call shall be made until at least Three Thousand Shares are actually subscribed for.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Sum subscribed in respect of the said New Shares and Half Shares, or which shall arise from the Sale of the Remainder of the Four Thousand Shares which shall be unsubscribed for, shall be more than sufficient to complete the said Canal and Works, the whole of the Money at which the said Shares and Half Shares are or shall be taken and subscribed for shall nevertheless be called for and paid, and the overplus Money raised thereby shall be considered as Part of the general Stock of the said Company of Proprietors, and be divided with the Rates and Duties of the said Canal amongst the Proprietors thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That a new Register Book, containing a List of Proprietors of Old and New Shares, and Half Shares, shall be made and kept, and continued, altered, or renewed, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, and authenticated by the Common Seal of the Company being affixed thereto, and the Numbers and Letters of the Old and New Shares and Half Shares shall be distinguished therein; and that all such Rules and Regulations as are contained in the said Acts, or any of them, or have been adopted by the said Company of Proprietors, respecting the Register Book or Lift of Proprietors, now or hitherto kept by the said Company, intituled, An Alphabetical List of the Proprietors of Shares and Half Shares in the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation,

viith

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 23. 289

with the Numbers of their Shares and Half Shares, shall extend to such New Register Book or Lift of Proprietors.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as Proprietor* enads that no Person subscribing to or becoming a Proprietor in the said may hold Undertaking, shall become a Proprietor of more than Fifty Shares, (ex- sll‘^’ber cept as therein excepted,) upon Pain of forfeiting to the said Company of Proprietors all such Shares exceeding Fifty Shares, shall be, and the fame

is hereby repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said First recited Number of Act as restrains Proprietors from voting in Person for more than Ten Shares, Votes, in

or by Proxy for more than Five Shares, in all Cases except on the Llec- r

non of a Treasurer or Treasurers, or of Members of the Committee of created. Management, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act every Proprietor possessed of Thirty or more Shares shall and may give a Vote, in Person, for and in respect of every such Share, not exceeding Thirty Shares, and also a Vote for and in respect of every Five Shares which such Proprietor shall be possessed of, exreeding Thirty Shares , and every absent Proprietor possessed of Fifteen or more Shares shall and may give a Vote, by Proxy, for and in respect of every such Share not exceeding Fifteen Shares , and every Proprietor holding Proxies of One or more Proprietor or Proprietors shall and may give a Vote for and in respect of any Number of Shares far which he shall hold Proxies not exceeding Fifteen Shares, at any Meeting of Proprietors to be held in pursuance of any of the said recited Acts, or this Act, for any Purpose whailocver.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Proxies shall be produced to the principal Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, and entered in a Book or Lift to be kept by him for that Purpose, before any Vote shall be given in respect of such Proxies, which Book shall be sufficient Authority for any Person deputed by such Proxy to give his Vote without Production of the Proxy at the Time of his voting, until such Proxy is revoked.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of aft- Number of ing as a Member of the Committee of Management, unless he shall be Share* to really and bona fide possessed of Fifteen Shares in the said Undertaking. quahfyCom-

1 J r 0 mittee Men

, r increased.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at the Time of any But tobe Elcttion of Committee Men there shall not be Twenty-one Persons leiTened in at the lealt resident in either of the Districts called the Eastern and IVilt- certainCifer. Jhi*e Districts, from which Committee Men are by the said First recited Act to be elected, and within Twenty Miles of some Part of the Cana! within either of such Districts, who shall be respectively Proprietors of Fifteen or more Shares in the said Undertaking, from whom the said Committee Men may be chosen, then and in such Case the Proprietors in such District, or such of them as shall be present at any such LJeftion, together with such Proxies as shall be prefenr, shall and may elect and make choice of Seven Persons out of such District who shall respectively be Proprietors of Seven or more Shares in the said Undertaking,

[Lee. ft? Per.J 4 D provided

Proxies to be entered in a B»k.

»9° 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

provided that such last mentioned Person or Persons shall be Fefident within Twenty Miles of the said Canal in the said Dillridl, and shall be seised or possessed of Real or Personal Estates of such Value or Amount as is by the said First recited Act required for the Qualification of Commissioners, and shall not be otherwise disqualified to be elected to act on the said Committee.

if ,he Four X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case a fu/Jicienc Shares^ould dumber of New Shares and Halt Shares in the said Canal to raise rot be all the said Sum of Two Hundred and Forty Thousand Pounds, or so

disposed of, much thereof as shall be wanted, shall not be fub'erihed for, or if 13c. Money the said Committee of Management shall deem it more expedient that a "yMo'tgige ^art l^c 'V’um Two Hundred and F'irry Thou land Pounds or Annuity, should be raised in the tManner hereinafter mentioned, than by disposing of such of the said New Shares and Half Shares as shall not be taken by theprel'cnt Proprietors, the said Committee of Management shall and may call a Special Meeting of Proprietors of Shares in the la d Undertaking to take the lame into Consideration, and if the Majority of Persons present at such Meeting, according to the Number of their Shares or Proxies, shall so determine, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, after Calls have beep made for the wh le Amount of Sixty Pounds a Share, and Thirty Pounds a Half Share on such New Shares and Half Shares as shall be subscribed for and taken, although the Money due thereon may not be recovered from every Proprietor of such New Shares and Half Shares, to borrow and raise by Mortgage of the said Navigation any Part of the said Sum of Two Hundred and Forty Thousand Pounds which shall not be raised upon the said New Shires and Half Shares in Manner and on the Terms and Security mentioned in the said First recited Act relating to the Kaifing the said Sum of One Hundred and Fifty Thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof by Mortgage; and all such Rules, Orders, and Regulations as are contained in the said Act relating to the raising the said Sum of One Hundred and Fifty Thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage, and to the Form and Manner of the Mortgage, and to the transferring thereof, and other-wile relating thereto, shall be, and is and are hereby extended to the railing any Part of the said Sum of T>vo Hundred and Forty Thousand Pounds by Mortgage, after the said Calls shall have been made; or it shall and m iy be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, after such Special Meeting, and with such Confmc as aforesaid, to borrow such Part of the said Sum of Two Hundred and Forty Thousand Pounds as shall not be raised upon the said New Shares and Half Shares, or any Part or Parts thereof, by Promissory Notes under the Common Seal of the said Company, and that such Notes shall be made payable in such Manner and at such Time or Times, and with such legal or less Rate of Interest, as the said Company, at any such Special Meeting of the Proprietors, shall think proper, and either with or without Power in the Holders of such Notes to have such Option of being admitted to hold a Share in lieu of the Principal Money by each such Note, to be secured as the said Company shall think proper, the Particulars of such Options being expressed in the said Notes-, and the Rates authorized to be taken, and which shall ariseand be taken by virtue of the said first recited Act, shall be a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed as afore-*4 said.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 23. 291

said, with Interest to the Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time be entitled to such Securities, and the Principal Money and Interest thereby feoured , and all Persons to whom any such Securities as aforesaid shall be given shall be equally entitled to a Claim to or Lien on a Proportion of the said Rates, according to the respective Sums mentioned thereby to be advanced and secured, as if the fame were advanced on Mort. gages or Alignments of the said Rates, and without any Preference by reason of the Priority of Date of any such Securities, or on any other Account whatsoever; or it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors alter such Special Meeting, and with such Consent as aforesaid, to raise such Part of the said Sum of Two Hundred and Forty Thousand Pounds as may be necessary or convenient for effecting she Purposes aforesaid, after the said Calls shall be made to the said Amount, by granting Annuities payable out of the Rates and Duties authorised to be collected by the said First recited Act, to or for the Use of any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasureror Treassurers to the said Company any Sum or Sums of Money which the said Committee of Management shall con-tradf for and agree upon for the absoluie Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable for any Term or Number of Years, or during the Natural Life of every such Contributor, or the Natural Life of such Person as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of such Contributor at the Time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money, and cither with or without Benefit of Survivorship.

XL. And be it further etiadled, That the Grant of every such Annuity Grant of , as aforesaid shall be by Deed under the Common Seal of the said Com- Annuity to pany (which the Committee of Management are hereby authorised to ^ee<* affix thereto), according to the Form following; (that is to (ay,) Common

Seal.

" WE the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Form of " Navigation, in Consideration of the Sum of Grant of

" to us paid by A.B. of do hereby, by virtue of Annuity.

u an Act, pasted in the Forty-First Year of the Reign of His Majesty " King George the Third, intituled [jet forth the Title of this " grant unto the said A.B. One Annuity or Yearly Sum of to be issuing out of all and Angular the Rates

" and Duties arising by virtue of the said Adf, to hold unto the said A.

" B. his or her Executors, Administratorr, and Assigns [or to him and " her, and his and her Assigns], for the Term of " Years [or during his or her Natural Life, or as the Case may be], and ' such Annuity or Yearly Sum shall be payable and paid at " by equal Half Yearly Portions % the First Payment thereof shall be " made upon the Day of next.

" Given under our Seal this Day of

" in the Year of our Lord

XII. And for the promoting a more convenient Inland Navigation be- Company tween the Ports of London and Bristol, be it further enacted, That if, at may borrow any Special Meeting or Special Meetings of the Proprietors at large to be called for that Purpose, it shall be so determined on, it shall and may y*" cer°"" be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to borrow and raise Purposes.

any

292

Annuities and Interest to be paid before Dividends made.

Application of the Money.

Former Calls confirmed, and no further Sums to be called for on the Old Shares.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

any Sum of Money not exceeding Fifty Thousand Pounds by Mortgage of the Tollsor by Notes, or by granting Annuities in such and the like Manner, and on such or the like Securities as the said Company are herein-before authoriseil and empowered to borrow and raise such Sums as they shall not raise by the Disposal of the said Shares, and to apply the Money so raised either in contributing to or subscribing for Shares in any Canal which may be made, in order to avoid the Inconveniences of the River Navigations which form the Communications between the said Canal and the said Ports, or in purchasing Shares in and contributing to the Improvement of any such River Navigation, or by any other lawful Means that shall be determined upon by the said Proprietors at any such Special Meeting or Meetings, or at any other Special Meeting of the said Proprietors: And all such Rules and Regulations as are contained in the said I-'irlf recited Act and this Act respecting the borrowing, raising, and securing Money by Mortgages or Notes, or by Grant of Annuities, and to Payment of Interest on such Mortgages or Notes, and to Payment of Annuitants, and to the Form and Manner of such Mortgages and Grants of Annuity, and to the transferring t! ereof, and otherwise relating thereto, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby extended to the raising any Part of the said Sum of Fifty Thousand Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Annuities so to he granted, and the Interest of the Money for which such Mortgage or Mortgages or Notes shall be made or executed as aforesaid, shall be paid Half Yearly to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, in preference to any Dividends being ordered, made, paid, or divided to or amongst the Proprietors of the said Navigation, which they are or shall be entitled to by virtue of and under the said recited Acts or this Act; and thac such Notes or Annuities shall be considered as personal Estate, and assignable and transferable, and shall be registered with the Principal Clerk to the said Company, as Canal Shares are transferred and registered.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Money hereby authorised to be raised shall be paid, applied, and disposed of by the said Company in Manner and for the Intents and Purposes hereinafter expressed; (that is to say,) in the First Place, in the Payment and Discharge of all the Expences of obtaining this Act, and the Arrears of Interest after mentioned; in the next Place, in the finishing and completing the said Navigation, and all and every or any such other Conveniencies, Accommodations, Matters, and Things, as the said Company are authorised and empowered to make and do in and by the said recited Acts or this Act, or such or so many of them as they shall think requifue, expedient, and necessary to be made and done; and afterwards to pay off and discharge all Debts contracted by or for the said Company on Account of the said Undertaking.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no further Sum or Sums shall be called for in resptdl of the said Old Shares and Half Shares by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, to be paid by Proprietors who have paid the said Amount of One Hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny a Share.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 23. 293

XVI. And whereas the Fund out of which the interest riirested by the fnterrft to

said first recited Act to be paid to the Proprietors on the Money called jj?

for and paid by them on their Shares until the said Canal and Works

should be completed and finished is nearly exhausted, and the said Pro- and no prietors have agreed, at a Special Meeting, that from the Twentieth longer.

Day of November last no further Intcrell shall be paid thereon: Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said First tccited Act as enacts that the said Company of Proprietors shall pay to the Subscribers to the said Undertaking, interest for the Motley to be advanced by them, until the said Canal and Works should be completed and finished, shall be and the lame is hereby repealed, five and except as to the lmereft up to the Twentieth Day of November One '1 houland Eight Hundred, which shall be paid to all such of the said Proprietors as have paid or shall pay. within Thirty Days next after the pa (Ting of this Act, all Arrears of Calls on their Old Shares and Half Shares at the Rate of One Hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds l our Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny a Share, together with interest on such Arrears down to the Time of Payment thereof, from which said Twentieth Day of November One Thousand Eight Flundred no further interest shall be paid on the Sums advanced in respect of the said Old Shares and Half Shares.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no interest shall be payable for No interest or in respect of the Money to be called for on the said New Shares and Shares" Half Shares in the said Undertaking; and that until the said Canal and The Tolls ri> Works shall be completed and finished, the Rates, Tolls, and Duties be applied in which shall be received by the said Compiny after Payment of such compleiing Rents and other Payments as are charged thereon, shall be applied in the Canal, completing and finishing the said Canal.

XVIII. And whereas the Committee of Management is by the said Power to First recited Act empowered to call Special Meetings of the Proprietors at f^eedn^s'of large in Manner therein mentioned for the Purposes therein expressed, prop'ri"mr« be it enacted, That the said Committee of Management shall be and is extended, hereby empowered, at any Meeting thereof to be held in pursuance of the Powers and Directions contained in any of the said recited Acts or of this Act, to call a Special Meeting of the Proprietors at large in manner directed by the said First recited Act, for the Purpose of taking the Opinion of such Meeting upon any Act, Matter, or Thing in which the interest of the said Canal, ttie Extension of its Trade, or the Inteteft of the Proprietors is in any Respect implicated or concerned; and that the Principal Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors shall, and he is hereby authotiled and required, at the Requisition in Writing of the Proprietors of One Thousand Shares or more in the said Undertaking under their Hands, to call a Special Meeting of the Proprietors at large for the like Purpose, the fame being specifieil in such Requisition: Provided always, That Special Meetings of the Proprietors at large shall and may be held at any Place within Twenty Miles of any Part of the said Canal; and the Decision and Determination of the Proprietors present at such Meeting, or the major Part of them, according to the Number of Votes they shall have a Right to give, either as Principals or Proxies, respecting such Matters, shall be binding and conclusive upon the Rest of [Tor. tf TV.] 4 L the

294

Power to make Bye Laws re-spefling the Structure of Vessels.

Directing Proceedings in Actions for Calls.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

the Proprietors to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be observed and acted upon accordingly.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall ufeor navigate on the said Canal any Boat or Vessel that shall have a square Head, Stern, or Sides, or that shall have any Angle or Prosedlion on the JSides or at the Bottom thereof, or be conllrudled in any Respect so as to injure or tend to injure the Lining, Puddling, or other Works of the said Canal.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in any Action brought or to be brought by the said Company of Proprietors against the Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares, Half Share or Half Shares in the said Canal, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company for or in respect of any Call or Calls made by virtue of the said Acts, or of any Call or Calls to be made by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company of Proprietors to declare and allege that the Defendant or Defendants, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of such or so many Share or Shares, Half Share or Half Shares in the said Canal, is or are indebted to the said Company of Proprietors in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear shall amount unto, for such or so many Call or Calls of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money, upon such or so many Share or Shares, Half Share or Half Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as the Case may happen to be), duly made upon such Defendant or Defendants according to the Authority of the said Acts and of this Act, or of any of them, whereby an Action accrued to the said Company by virtue of the said Acts and of this Act, without setting forth the Special Matter, any Thing in the said recited Acts or this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and on the Trial of any such Action it shall only be necessary to prove that the Defendant or Defendants at the Time of making such Call or Calls was or were a Proprietor or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, Half Share or Half Shares in the said Canal, and that such Call or Calls was or were in fact made, and that such Notice thereof was given as is directed by the said Acts and this Act, and that the Production by the Principal Clerk or other Officer of the said Company of the said Regider Book, and of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Committee of Management, and of the Newspapers in which Notice of the said Calls have been or shall be advertised, shall be sufficient Evidence of the Appointment of the Committee who made such Call or Calls, and of the Notice given thereof, and of the Proceedings of the Committee duly entered in their Minute Book; and the said Company of Proprietors shall thereupon be entitled to recover what shall appear due, unless it shall appear that any such Call was made contrary to the Directions and Restrictions in Point of Time or Amount, contained in the said recited Acts or this Act; and after Judgement shall be given for the said Company in any such Action, Execution shall not be Hayed by reason of any Writof Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unless such Defendant or Defendants, with Two sufficient Sureties, shall first become bound to the said Company by Recognizance to be acknowledged in the Court in which such judgement shall be given, in Double the Sum adjudged by the said Court by such Judgement, to prosecute

the

295

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

the said Writ of Error with Effect; and also if the said Judgement be affirmed, or the said Writ of Error be nonprofled, to satisfy and pay the Debt, Damages, and Costs adjudged by the said Judgement, and all Costs and Damages to be awarded for Delay of Execution.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That any Clerk or Officer employed by Officer* may the said Company of Proprietors shall and may be admidible and examined

as a Witness for or against the said Company of Proprietors, touching any though they ministerial Act done or performed by or for the said Company in any Court arc t>hare-of Law or Equity, or before any Commissioners, Arbitrators, or Jury, holders, or on any other Occasion, notwithstanding such Clerk or Officer shall be possessed of One or more Share or Shares, Half Share or Half Shares, in the said Undertaking.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, in making As to Con-the said Canal and other Works, there has been or shall be Occasion to cut L'/nd^ik/n through, take, or use any Part of any Common or Waste Ground, or any ftom c0m-Land subject to Common Rights, for the Purpose of the said Canal, or mom. other Works, or of any Road or Roads thereto, or to fever and divide

any Part not exceeding Ten Acres of any such Common or Waste Ground, or Land subject to Common Rights, from the Remainder thereof, the Conveyance of such respective Parts of such Common or Waste Ground, by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor to which such Common or Waste Ground is appurtenant, or by the Owner of the Soil of any such Land subject to Common Rights to the said Company, shall be a good and sufficient Conveyance, for the Purpose of vesting in the said Company the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof respectively, freed and discharged from such Common Rights, as fully and effectually as if evtry Person, having Right of Common upon such respective Parts of such Common or Waste Ground, or Land, had joined in, and executed such Conveyance, and the Purchase Money, or such Equivalent in Land, or otherwise, as may be agreed upon, for such Parts of such Commons or Waste Grounds as aforesaid, shall be paid or transferred by the said Company to the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of such Manor, for the Use of the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies} and che Persons having Right of Common upon such Common or Waste, in Proponion to their respective Rights and interests in the Land so taken, and the Purchase Money, or such other Equivalent as aforesaid, for such Parts of such Lands subject to Common Rights, shall be paid or transferred by the said Company to the Owner or Owners of the Soil thereof, for the Ole of such Owner or Owners, and the Persons having such Common Right in Proportion to their respective Rights and interests therein

And if any Difference shall arile respecting the Divuion or Disposition of the said Purchase Money, or other Equivalent, in either of such Cases the same shall be determined by the Commissioners authorised by the said Acts, or by Arbitrators, or a Jury, if Need be, as in other Cases are by the said Aftsorlome of themdiretted , provided that, in Cases where any such Manor is veiled in Freeholders, or Inhabitants at large, or in any greater Number of Persons than Four, or where it is not known to what Lord or Lady such Manor belongs, or in what Manor such Common or Waste Ground is situated, the Conveyance by Pour at lead of the Freeholders whose Estates have Common Right on such Common or Waste Ground, and whose laid 3 Estates

296

Repealing Clause, directing Swivel and Draw- Bridges to be Ihuc after Vessels have passed them.

Explaining how Approaches to Bridges are to be repaired.

Company

empowered to re.fell Lands, fsV.

41° GEORGII nr. Cap. 23.

Estates amount in Yearly Value, as assessed to the Poor Rates, to Three Fifths at lead of the Whole of the Estates which have such Common Right, to the said Company, shall also be a good and sufficient Conveyance, and the Purchase Money or other Equivalent as aforesaid shall be paid or transferred to the said Freeholders for the Use of themselves and the other Freeholders and Persons having Right of Common, or to such other Trustees, and in such Proportions, and for such Uses, and subject to such Determination of the Commdfioners, Arbitrators, or a Jury, as is before mentioned in the Cafe of a Conveyance by a Lord of a Manor.

XXIII. And whereas in and by the said First recited Act it is enacted, That if any Swivel Bridge or Draw Bridge should be laid over or across the said Canal, or any Trenches or Passages to be made by virtue of the said First recited Act, all and every Person or Persons opening any such Swivel Bridge or Draw Bridge, should shut and fallen the fame so soon as any Vessel should have patted any such Bridge: And whereas the said Provision has been found inconvenient; Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said First recited Act as requires such Swivel Bridges, or Draw Bridges as aforesaid to be Ibut and fattened so soon as any Vessel has patted the fame, except so far as respects Bridges on Public Roads, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed: Provided nevertheless, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required to affix a Chain to each such Swivel Bridge and Draw Bridge, so as to extend across the Bottom of the Canal to the opposite Bank, and be affixed to such opposite Bank, to enable Persons to shut such Swivel Bridges and Draw Bridges when necessary.

XXIV. And whereas Doubts have arisen how far the said Company of Proprietors are liable to repair the Roads leading to the Bridges already made, or which may happen to be made over the said Canal \ be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Company of Proprietors shall not be liable to repair or amend any Parc of the Roads approaching to any Bridges made or to be made over the said Canal, after such Roads shall have been first made and used for One Year and then put into good Repair by the said Company of Proprietors, any Thing in the said Acts or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; but nothing herein contained shall be construed to exonerate the said Company of Proprietors from the future Repairs of the Bridges, and the Wing Walls, Ramparts, and Side Banks thereof, and the Banks supporting the Approaches thereto.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture under their Common Seal, to grant and convey in Fee, either for a Sum or Sums of Money in Gross, or for an Annual Rent, or to mortgage or demile for a Term of Years, all such of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, already purchased by and conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors, or which shall be purchased by and conveyed to the said Company, as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of the said Navigation and Works, or any Part or Parts thereof, for such Sum or Sums ol Money, or under such Yearly Rents, and to be reserved or limited in such Manner as in such Conveyances, Mortgages, or Demises shall be expressed;

2 '97

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

pressed; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture under their Common Seal, to grant and convey all or any Part of the Annual Rents or Yearly Sums which shall or may be reserved or limited to the said Company of Proprietors, on any such Grant or Demise; and that all such Grants, Conveyances, Mortgages, and Demises, shall be valid and effectual, any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any other Law, Statute, or Cullotn ro the contrary notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales, Mortgage or Mortgages, of such Messuages, Lands, Reserved Rents, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of any Parts or Parcels thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors, to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be fold, which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to the Purchaser of Purchasers, Mortgagee of Mortgagees, for the Money for which such Premises shall be so told or mortgaged, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be received; and such Person or Persons shall not be answerable or accountable for any Lodes, Misapplication, or Non-Application of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof, which said Money shall be applied by the said Company of Proprietors for the fame or for the hke Purposes as the Money hereby authorised to be raised by the Creation of New Shares is to be applied; provided that the said Company, before they shall sell and dispose of any such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom the said Company shall have purchased such Premises, his, her, or their Heirs, at a Price to be fixed on by the said Company, and shall not (ell the same to any other Person or Persons at a less Sum or less Sums of Money than the Price so fixed on; and in case such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Heirs, to whom such Offer shall be made, shall hot then and thereupon agree, or shall ttfufe to re-purchase the fame, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Premises shall lie, by fomc Person or Persons no way interested in the said Premises, Rating that such Offer was made by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so made, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be; but if the said Company of Proprietors cannot obtain from any other Person or Persons the Price so fixed upon, then the said Company may repeat their said Offer at a lower Price, to be in like Manner fixed upon, and in case of Refusal may fell to any other Person or Persons at a Price not less than such reduced Price, and so from Time to Time as often as may be expedient.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where the said Com- As to Con* pany of Proprietors have entered upon and taken, or shall enter upon veyance of and take any Lands or Grounds with the Content of the Proprietor Landiiv thereoi, and such Proprietor afterwards died or shall afterwards die be-fete he or she executed or shall execute the Conveyance thereof to the [Lee. fc? Per.] 4 F Company,

298

Shares may be mortgaged.

Money arising from Sale of forfeited Shares to be applied in completing the Canal. £5V.

Provisions of the former Act confirmed.

41° GEORGII THI. CAfr 2>

Company, then and in such Case the Heirs, Dqvjfees, or AfBgT.s-of such Proprietor or other Possessor of the Estate frppi ;which such Lands or Grounds shall have been taken, if $apacitated, nor the Hu&ancts, Guardians, Committees, or Trpftees of penies-Covert, Infants, Lunatics, and other Cestui que Trusts, shall apd they are hereby authorized and required to convey such Lands; or Grounds to the said Company upon Receipt or Transfer of the Purdue Money or other Equivalent agreed or to be agreed upon for the fag>e* or io, much thereof as has not or shall not have been paid or transferred to such deceased Person on account thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for anyiPro-prietor of any Share or Shares, Half Share or Half Shares in the said 'Undertaking, to transfer and mortgage the lame to any other Person as a Security for Money, such Transfer being in the Form prescribed in the said First recited Act for the Conveyance of Shares, with Proviso or Condition tacreto added, that if the Mortgagor, his Executor*, pr Administrators, shall pay to the Mortgagee, his, Executors or Administrators, the principal Sum thereby to beTecurqd, with legal or less Interfcft on or before a certain fffme, then the Mortgagee, his Executors or Administrators, shall re-transfer such $hare or Shares, Half Share or Half Shares to such Mortgagor, his Executors or Administrators, a Memorial of which Mortgage shall be registered by the principal Cleric in such Manner as Memphis of Conveyances of Shares are directed to be registered, but the Name of the Mortgagor shall continue to stand to the Register Book, as the Proprietor of fu.ch Share or Shares, Half Share or Half Shares, until Default shall be made in Payment, of the Mortgage Money, for Six Calendar Months after Payment of the same shall have been required by Notice in Writing, and until the said Principal Clerk shall be required by the Mortgagee to insert his Name as the Proprietor of such Share or Shares, Half Share or Half Shares, from which Time such Mortgagee shall be considered as the legal Proprietor thereof.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said First recited Act as required the Produce arising from the Sale of forfeited Shares in the said Canal to be equally divided ampngft the Rest of the said Company of Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Shares and Interests in the said Undertaking, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that all the Money raised or to be raised by the Sale of all and every Share and Shares in the said Undertaking, already forfeited, or hereafter to become forfeited, shall be, and the fame is hereby directed to be applied to the finishing and completing the said Canal and Works, and in liquidating the Debts of the said Company of Proprietors.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions and Clauses of this Act shall, in the Execution of the said recited Acts, oe used, applied, and construed, so far as the same are applicable, in like Manner as if the fame were specially enacted in the said Acts or any of them j and all and every the Provisions and Clauses of tire laid recited Acts shall, in the Execution of this Act, except where the same are hereby expressly varied, be used and applied, extended and construed, in

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

like Manner as if the fame Provisions and Clauses (except as aforesaid) were specially enacted in this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Expences of applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act, and all Costs and Expences incident thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors out of any Money received or to be received by virtue of the said Acts and of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, ate hereby required to lake Notice ot it as such without specially pleading the same.

299

Costs of this Act how to be paid.

[Public Act.]

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 24.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two A<fts> made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Roads from Deanbum Bridge through Greetimwf and Part of the 'Jedburgh Road by Lauder in the County of Berwick, to Cornhill in the County of Durham, and for repairing and amending the Roads from Orange Lane to Swinton, and from Coldstream by Swinton Mill to Mount Pleasant in the said County of Berwick.

[21(I May 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Preamble, Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, reciting the An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Dean- Aa33G'»-n. burn Bridge through Greenlaw and Bart of the Jedburgh Road by Lauder in the Shire of Berwick, to Cornhill in the County of Durham, and for building a Bridge over the Tweed near Coldstream, several \_Loc. y Per ] 4 G Tolls

302

Atls continued.

Additional Trustees.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Tolls and Duties were granted and made parable, and divers Powers and Authorities were given for repairing the said Roads and for building the said Bridge, and for putting the said Act in Execution; which Act was, by another Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, enlarged and continued so far as relates to the said Roads: And whereas gieat Progress has been made in repairing the said Roads, and sundry Sums of Money have been borrowed for that Purpose upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, but the Reparation and Improvement of the said Roads cannot be carried on and completed, and the Money borrowed and owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls paid off, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts, so far as relate to the said Roads, be further continued and enlarged, and the Tolls encreased: And whereas the Branches of Road hereafter mentioned, videlicet the Road from Orange Lane to Swinton, and the Road from Coldstream by Swinton Mill to Mount Pleasant in the said Shire of Berwick, are in many Places so deep and ruinous that Travellers cannot conveniently pass thereon, and the said Branches of Road cannot be made and kept in Repair from the Funds arising by virtue of the Laws now in force: May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the said Roads, and all and every the Clauses, Exemptions, Powers, Authorities, Articles, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained, (except such as were altered or varied by the said recited Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,) and also that the said Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Clauses, Exemptions, Authorities, Articles, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained, (except in so far as they are altered or varied by this present Act,) shall continue and be executed during the Continuance of the said last mentioned Act, and from and after the Expiration of the Term thereby granted for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, subject to the Additions, Alterations, and Amendments in the present Act contained.

II. And be it enacted, That Robert Pringle the younger, of Sletcbill, Alexander Don the younger, of Newton Don, John IVauchope, Writer to His Majesty's Signet, George Somerville aijiirhouse, ’James Somerville the younger, of Airhouse, John Spottifwoode the younger, of Spot-tifwoode, John Somerville of Evelaw, James Somerville the younger, of Eve I aw, Archibald Somerville of Htllhouse, Robert Hoggart of Curfrae, Thomas Hood ot Hume hall, Thomas Nesbit of Merfington, and Samuel An-derson of Rcwchester, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the 'i rufttes appointed in or by virtue of the said former Acts or either of them, for putting the fame and this Act in Execution; and being qualified according to the Direction of the said First recited Act or this Act, are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the

303

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

fiid Acts and this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they had been appointed Trustees by the said former Acts or either of them.

III. And be it enacted, That all and every the Provisions made by the Extending said recired Acts relative to the Erection of Turnpikes, and levying and Power, to applying the Tolls upon the Roads therein specified, and all and every Roids the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Articles, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Matters and Things therein contained relative to such Roads,

(in so far as the same are not hereby altered or amended,) shall be, and they are hereby extended to the said Two Branches of Road from Orange Lane to Swinton, and from Ccldjlream by Swinton Mill to Mount Pleasant in the said Shire of Berwick, and the said Two Branches of Road shall in all Respects be deemed and taken to be subject to and under the Rules and Regulations imposed by the said recited Acts and this present Act, in the same Manner as if such Branches had been comprehended in the said recited Acts.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty- New Tolls, fifth Day of May One Thousand Eight Hundred and One, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or any Person authorised by them in Manner as in and by the said recited Acts directed, may and shall at any Turnpike Gate erected or to be erected on the Roads in the said recited Acts specified, and on the said Two Branches of Road hereby put under their Care and Management, instead of the Tolls and Duties granted by the said First recited Act, demand-, levy, and take the Duties following, before any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Cattle great or small. Coach, Landau, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Hearse, Calalh,

Chair, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage whatsoever shall be permitted to pais through the fame: (that is to say,)

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Hearse, Calash, or Chair drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling} and drawn by Four or Five Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, Oxen, or other

Beads

3®4 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 24-

Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence Sterling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs whereon any Person shall ride. Three-pence Sterling:

For every other Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence Sterling

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Twenty-pence Sterling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence Sterling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

Application V. And be it enacted, That the said Tolls and Duties shall be, and of Tolls. they are hereby vested in the Trustees nominated or appointed, or hereafter to be chosen, nominated, and appointed, to put the said former Acts and this present Act in Execution; and the fame and every Part thereof, after defraying the Expence of patting this Act, (which the said Trustees are hereby authorised to pay out of the Produce of the said Tolls in the first Place,) shall be paid, applied, disposed of, or assigned to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in such Manner as in the said former Acts and in this present Act the Tolls respectively granted are directed to be applied, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Trustees may

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That reduce the (he said Trustees, at their First Meeting for executing this Act, or at any subsequent General Meeting called by previous Advertisement in any of the Edinburgh Newspapers, and in any of the Newcastle Newspapers, to consider the State of the Funds arising by this Act, and the Expediency of diminishing the Tolls, may and they are hereby authorised and empowered, from Time to Time, with Consent of the Persons who may have lent Two-thirds of the Money then due on the Tolls, to lessen the several Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable, or any of them, and to order and direct the lame so leflcned to be collected, secured, arid taken in such Manner, Parts, and Portions as they shall think fit, and may raise the fame again from Time to Time, so as not to exceed the Tolls hereby granted, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Carriages not to be drawn abreafl.

VII. And be it enacted, That no Driver of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or any Bead of Draught, shall drive or permit the same to travel or pass upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, abreast or alongside of any other Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or Bead of Draught, so as to obstruct the Free Passage of the said Road or any Part thereof, and that no One Person shall be permitted to drive or take charge of more than Two One-Horse Carts loaded or unloaded upon the said Roads or any Part thereof; and every Person and Persons offending in the Premises shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling nor less than Five Shillings Sterling

v

305

4i# GEORGII IN. Cap. 24.

ling for each Offence, to be levied and recovered as other Penalties are directed to be levied and recovered by the before recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Driver of every Waggon, Wain, Regulations Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other for Carriages Bead of Draught, travelling upon the said Roads or any Part thereof, P*®"8 e*ct shall be obliged, upon meeting another Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach,

Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Bead of Draught, to make way by holding or driving to his own Left Hand, or what is commonly called holding to the Near Side, and that without Distinction, whether the Carriage, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Bead of Draught so meeting as aforesaid be loaded or unloaded; and every Person offending in the Premises shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling and not less than Five Shillings Sterling for every such Offence, to be levied and recovered as other Penalties are directed to be levied and recovered by the before recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Possedion of a Personal Edate of Alteration of Five Hundred Pounds Sterling shall be held to be a sufficient Qua- Qualification lification of a T rudee acting in the Execution of this Act, or of the of Trusteej-said recited Acts, any Thing in the said recited Acts, or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That Five Trustees shall be a fuf- Quorum of ficient Quorum for carrying into Execution all and every the Purposes Trusteej. of this Act and of the said recited Acts, any Thing in the said recited Acts or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- of Compen-chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or fanoo where this Act for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are ing subject to Liferents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong

to any Incorporation, Married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to Two Hundred Pounds, and upwards, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person , or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or [Loc. fcf Per.] 4 H where

306 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, of Hereditaments, which shall be, conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the Hke Uses, Truth, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled, or limited or fljth of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; arid in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or Annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase dr Settlement were fnade.

Application

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money where the so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-rioodP'n/not tamencs purchased, taken, or ufpd for the Purposes aforesaid, and be-excued 200.. longing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disabi-norless than Iity or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hun-*<" drCd Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and

In all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his, her, or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner before directed, or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signed in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable.

Application

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money where the so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned shall be Money is left ]efs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be ‘ an applied to the Life of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Recovering

XIV. And be it enacted, That all Questions relative to Offences against of Penaliief. the said recited Acts or this present Act, shall be judged of and determined by any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County where-

3°7

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

in such Offences shall be committed, either upon Confession of the Party or upon other legal Evidence; and all Tolls, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures by the said recited Acts or by this Act granted and imposed, shall be levied in Manner as by the said First recited Act is directed with regard to the Tolls, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures thereby granted or imposed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think Appeal, himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Orders or Proceedings of the Trustees or Justices acting under tht Authority of the said recited Acts or of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for him, her, or them

to appeal to the Justices of the Peace of the said Counties of Berwick,

Roxburgh, or Durham, as the Case may require, at their General Quarter Sessions assembled, who are hereby authorised and empowered to hear and determine the Matter in Dispute; and whose Order thereon shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and not subject to the Review of any other or Superior Court.

[Public Act.]

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts as a Public Act, and all Judges, Justices, and others

are requested to take Notice of it as such without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. i8ot.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*J|i* «t It*

Cap. 25.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow^ and certain Roads branching from the same, as relates to the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and to the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad-hill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld.

[21Jl May 1801.}

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of

His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging 35 Gw. HI. the Term and Powers of an Act paged in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow; and of another Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act , and of another Aftfaged in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the germ and Powers of an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing fever a I Roads leading into the City of Glasgow,

\Loc. id Per.~\ 4/ of

3i°

4-ib GEORGII III. Cap. 2$.

so far as the fame relates to the DiJlriR of Roads from Inchbtlly Bridge to Glasgow, end from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge-, end for altering and ascertaining tee Course of the last-mentioned DiflriB of Road so Jar as the fame relate to the said Road from Inchbeily Bridge to Glasgow; and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Road and the Read branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbeily Bridge to Glasgow, and leading to C alder Bridge, and from thence by or near Balmore to or near the Church of New Kilpatrick, and from thence by or near Lawmuir to the Town of Old Kilpatrick, beginning at the Bridge across the Allander on the Road from Longbank Farm by Balmulie Bridge to Glasgow, on the East, and ending at the said Town of Old Kilpatrick, on the West-, and the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbeily Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad-hill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld, certain Persons were nominated and appointed Trustees for surveying, amending, altering, repairing, and keeping in Repair the aforesaid Road from Inchbeily Bridge to Glasgow, and certain other Persons \frere nominated and appointed Trustees for futveying, making, amending, al ering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbeily Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad-hill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld-, and Powers were thereby given to the said respective Trustees to levy certain Tolls and Duties on the said Roads, and to borrow certain Sums of Money on the Credit thereof: And whereas considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed in pursuance of the Powers granted by the said Act, which are still unpaid, and great Progress has been made in maJcing and repairing the said Roads, but the fame cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, nor the Money so borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of His Majesty, so far as relates to the said Road from Inchbeily Bridge to Glasgow-, and the said Road branching from the aforesaid Road, from Inchbeily Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad-hill to Provan Mill, and to the prelen-t Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld, be enlarged, the Tolls encreased, and farther and other Powers granted: May it therefore, please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of 's the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,. That from and after the passing of this New Toll*. A^t the said Trustees for making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the aforesaid Road, from Inchbeily Bridge to Glasgow, and the said Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbeily Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad-hill to ProVan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld appointed by the said recited Act, or any other Person or Persons authorised by them, or any Five or more of them, in place of the Tolls and Duties which they are authorised to levy upon the aforesaid respective Roads by the said Act, may at each Gate or Turnpike erected, or to be erected by them upon or across the said Roads, Or on the Side or Sides of the fame, and across any Lane or Way leading put of the fame, demand, levy, and take the Tolls and Duties following, before any Horse, Mare, Gelding,

Mule,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 25. 311

Mule, AIs, Cattle great or small, Coach, Landau, Charior, Berlin,

Chaise, Hearse, Calalh, Chair, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through the fame, that is to say,

For every Coach, Berlin, L.andau, Calash, Chaise, Chair, or Hearse, drawn by Six Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling

For tvery Waggon, Wain, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage, drawn by Six Horles, Mares, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, Mares, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Marcs, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Four-pence Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence Sterling; and drawn by One Horse,

Mare, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Sterling

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing in a Carriage, the Sum of Two-pence Sterling

For every Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing in a Carriage, the Sum of One Penny Sterling:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling, per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, or Goats, the . Sum of One Shilling Sterling, per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Horses or Fillies unihod, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling, per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no more than One-half One-halfof of the Tolls imposed or levied by this Act shall be paid for or in respect 'he Tolls to of any Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other Wheel Carriages, the Fellies waggons of the Wheels of which shall be of a Hat Surface, and measure Five fjc. the Inches in breadth at lead, if drawn by One, and Seven Inches in Wheels breadth at lead, if drawn by Two or more Horses, Mares, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught passing through any of the Gates or Turnpikes ,ain Breadth, erected or to be erected upon or across the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glajjgriv, or the said Road branching from the aforesaid Road from

Repealing Exemption* on Dung and 'Manure.

Carriages loaded with Stones to pay Toll.

Additional Toll on Waggons carrying above certain Weights.

41° GEORGII III. T Cap. 25.

from lncbbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad bill to Prevail Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld, or on the Side or Sides of the lame, or actofs any Lane or Way leading

out of the lame.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Exemptions directed by the said Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, from Payment of Toll for Dung, or other Manure carried upon the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and the said Road branching from the said Road from lncbbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad-bill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld, shall cease and determine.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Carts er Carriages loaded with Stones not being for the Use of the Roads and Bridges, respecting which thete is an Exemption from Payment of Toll, by the said Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, (lull, from and after the passing of this Act, be subject and liable to pay the full Toll Duties imposed and leviable by this Act, for passing through any Turnpike or Turnpikes erected or to be erected on or across the aforesaid Road, from Inckbelly Bridge to Glasgow, or on the aforesaid Road branching therefrom, and leading over Garngad-bill ro Prevan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld, or on the Side or Sides of the lame, or across any Lane or Way leading out of the same.

‘i , ,

V. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees appointed by the aforesaid Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, shall and may, from and after the passing of this Acr, levy, or cause to be levied, demanded, or taken at the fevpral Turnpike or Turnpikes, Gate or Gates, erected or to be erected on or across the aforesaid Road leading from lncbbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and on or across the said Road, branching from the aforesaid Road from lncbbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad-bill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld, or on the Side or Sides of the said Road, or across any Way or Lane leading out of the fame, before any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Wheel Carriage, drawn by One or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, pass through the fame, the Weight of which Carriage, with the Burden or Loading thereof, shall exceed Twenty-two Hundred Weight, and the Fellies of the Wheels cf which Carriage shall not be of a flat Surface, and measure Five Inches in breadth at least, if drawn by One, and Seven Inches in breadth at lead, if drawn by Two or more Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the following additional Toils and Duties, videlicet:

If the Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, with the Burden or Loading thereof, shall exceed Twenty-two Hundred Weight, and not exceed Twenty-five Hundred Weight, the Suo) of Two-pence Sterling; and if the same shall exceed Twenty-five Hundred Weight, and not exceed Thirty Hundred Weight, the Sum of Six-pence Sterling j and it the same shall exceed Thirty Hundred Weight, the Sum of Eight-pence Sterling.

41° GEORG [I III. Cap. 25.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the Trustees for the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, or any Five or more of them, to make the following Alteration in the Line of the said Road, videlicet, to alter that Fart of the said last-mentioned Road which leads through the Village of Kirkintilloch in either of the Two following Ways; namely, either by leaving the present Line of Road at or near the Eall End of the said Village, and carrying the New Line of Road over the Water of Luggie, by a Bridge to be built to the Northward of the present Bridge over that Water, and proceeding Westwards on the North Side of the said Village, by or near the Foot of the Hill on which the said Village Hands, till the said new Line joins the present Road at the Foot of the said Hill, to the Westward of the said Village; or by leaving the present Line of Road at or near the West End of the said present Bridge, over the said Water of Luggte, and carrying the new Line of Road Northward, and then Westward, so as to lead round the aforesaid Hill, and join ihe present Line of Road at the Foot of the said Hill, to the Westward of the said Village of Kirkintilloch; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees for the aforesaid Road from Inchbellj Bridge to Glasgow, to alter that Part of the said last-mentioned Road which leads from the Foot of the Sight Hill towards Glasgow, by leaving the present Line of Road at or near a Place called Kirkwoods House, near the Foot of the said Sight Hill, and carrying the new Line of Road to the Eastward of Peters Hill, by or near the Foot of the said Peters Hill, and proceeding till the said new Line of Road joins the present Road between a Hill called Clovencraigs and the Bridge over the Monkland Canal.

VII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all and every Person or Persons who shall travel on the Sabbath Day, or on any Day appointed by Public Authority to be kept as a Fall, with any Horse or other Bead, Chaise, or other Carriage, shall pay at every Toll Bar, erected or to be erected, by virtue of this Act, before they are allowed to pass, double the Tolls and Duties hereby authorised to be taken, unless they are going to attend Divine Worship, or returning from attending the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall be, and they are hereby authorised, by a Writing under their Hands, to order the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and the said Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad-hill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld, and every Part of the said Roads, to be extended to Inch Breadth as they shall think proper, not exceeding Forty-two Feet, exclusive of Drains and Ditches, and exclusive of the Foot-paths already made, or to be made on the Side of the said respective Roads, and which Foot-paths the said respective Trustees are hereby empowered to make of any Breadth not exceeding Six Feet.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Road, from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, shall have Power and Authority to borrow upon

[Loc. fc? Per,] 4 K the

3*3

Altering the Course of the Road from

Inchbelly Bridge to Gla/gouj.

Double Toll on Sundays.

Trustees may widen the Roads.

Trustees may borrow Money.

3»

Notice to be given of borrowing.

Punishing Persons riding on the Footpaths.

Extending the Powers of former A&t to this Act.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

the Credit of the said Tolls, and for the Use of the said Hoad leading from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds Sterling, in addition to the Sum which they are empowered to borrow by the aforesaid Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, and to assign over the Tolls for the Security of the Repayment thereof, with the Interest, not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, but without Prejudice to the Security, for any prior Loan by virtue of the said Act: And that the said Trustees for making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbtl'.y Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad-hill to Prevan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld, shall have Power and Authority to borrow on the Credit of the said Tolls, and for the Use of the said last-mentioned Road, the Sum of One Thousand Five Hundred Pounds Sterling, in addition to the Sum they are empowered to borrow by the said Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, and to assign over the Tolls for the Security of the Repayment thereof, with the Interest, not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, but without Prejudice to the Security for any prior Loan, by virtue of the said Act.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Money shall be borrowed by the said Trustees for making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, ot by the said Trullees for making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Road, branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad-hill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld, unless Notice for that Purpose shall be given in Two of the Glasgow Newspapers, and One of the Edinburgh Newspapers, at least F'ourteen Days before the Time of borrowing such Money.

XI. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully ride on Horseback upon any of the Foot-paths along the Side of the said Roads hereby, and by the said Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, directed to be made and repaired, or shall drive, or cause to be driven, any Care or other Carriage, or Horses or Cattle on the said Foot-paths, it shall be lawful for any One of the said Trustees, or for any Person to apprehend the Person or Persons so offending, and to carry him, her, or them, before the nearest Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, who shall have Power, on Proof of the Fast, by the Oath of the Offender, or of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to fine the Offender or Offenders in any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, for such Offence, and on Non-Payment of such Penalty to commit the Offender or Offenders to Gaol for any Time not exceeding Three Days.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures granted by and contained in the said Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in as far as not altered by this present Act, and in as far as respects the said Road front Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and the said Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad hill

to

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld, shall continue and be exercised by the Trustees appointed by the said former Act, during the Term hereby granted.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Expence of procuring this Act shall be paid out of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls and Duties, or out of the Toils and Duties levied by virtue of the said former Act, and of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whoml'oever, without specially pleading the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place upon the Day of the passing thereof, and the Powers granted by the said recited Act, and by this present Act, shall continue from thence for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, from which said Day of passing this Act, the Term granted by the said recited Act shall be repealed: Provided, nevertheless, that when the said Roads hereby directed to be made and repaired, are completely made and repaired, and so declared to be by a Quorum of the said Trustees, and when all the Money which has been, or may be borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls, and the interest thereof, shall have been paid and discharged, and all other Charges in the Execution of the former Act, in so far as relates to the said Roads, hereby directed to be made and repaired, and of this present Act, shall have been satisfied, then the said former Act, in as far as the fame relates to the said Roads and this present Act, and the Powers hereby granted, shall cease and determine.

3J5

Evpencei of the Act.

[Public Act.]

Commen cement and Continuance of the Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap.

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament the Term, and altering the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton in the County of Devon.

[21st May 1801.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Ti- ,iC/o. II.

verton, in the County of Devon: And whereas an Act was passed in the and’ Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to 7 til.

Cap. 26.

[Lee. Per.]

4 L

continue

Terms of Acts continued.

Truces of former Acts to execute this also.

Meetings on Emergencies.

41° GEORGII III. Qdp. 26.

continue the Term, and render more effectual an Act passed in the Thirtyfirst Year of His late Majesty, for amending several K\ads leading from the Toiun of Tiverton in the County of Devon, and fir repairing and widening the Road from JJickley Bridge Cross, over Bickley Bridge, to the Sign of The Swaiw'n the Town of Silverton, and also the Road from Bick-ley Wood Cross to Ford Village Water in the said County: And whereas the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said Acts, have proceeded in the Execution of the several Powers thereby given, and have borrowed a large Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and some of the Powers thereof altered; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts* passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, and Clauses therein contained, (except such of them as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also except the Term now to come and unexpired of the said Acts, and which Term is hereby declared to be repealed) shall be and continue in full Force for and during the Term herein-after granted, in as full and ample Manner, and as effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Acts, and all the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, and Clauses therein contained, were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act j but subject nevertheless to the Alterations herein contained, and which shall commence and take effect from the passing of this Act, and be in force during the Term hereby granted; and this Act, and the Term hereby granted, shall be, and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said former Acts, or that may be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said former Acts and this Act, and all Interest: due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees appointed by, or to be appointed in pursuance of the said former Acts, or either of them, shall be, and they are hereby, to all Intents and Purposes, authorized and empowered to put the said 'former Acts and this Act in Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meeting of the Trustees, by themselves or their Clerk, it shall at any Time be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed, than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that Cafe, the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing, signed by Three or more of the Trustees, mentioning the Time, Place, and

Purpose

3 9

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner by the said Act directed for Notice of Meetings for the Election of new Trustees, a*ri of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time nor being less than Seven Days after such Notice-', and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees at all such Meetings, shall be as valid and effectUal as they would have been in case such Meetings bad been licid in putfuante of Adjournments.

IV. And whereas the Number of Trustees required by the said re- Kor nor'oint. cited Acts to put the fame in Execution, h s been tound inconvenient, be it therefore enabled, That from and after the passing of this Act, all the Powers and Authorities by the said recited Acts and this Act given to or vested in the Trustees for putting the fame in Execution, by any particular Number of them, shall and may from Time to Time be exereded by the Majority of the Trustees present at any Meeting, such Meeting not confiding of less than five; any Thing in the said former Acts, or either of them*, contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Provided neverthele(6. That no Order or Determination made by Five or more Trustees as aforesaid, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless 1 en t r more Trustees shall be present, and Eight at lead of them concur in iuctl Revocation or Alteration.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing Seven Tint-, herein contained shall empower any less Number than Seven of the said f'"'* |j'epre‘ Trustees to be present at and ad in the Election of a Clerk or Clerks, Election of Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors,

of the said Roads.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Toitcoitec-Litigation, shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the Tolls by ^un'eiic*!* the said Acts and this Act made payable, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or

under the Authority of the said Trustees or of the said Acts. shall be and are hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Arp'icjtijn or awarded to be paid for any Lends, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

li*j 1 - 1 r 1 non Money

purcnaled, taken, or uled by virtue of the Towers of the said reel- where exceed ted Acts and this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong inS>ooZ-to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery,

to

3 20

41° GEORGII I. III. CAp. 2 6.

to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and ihis Act, to the Intent that such M&ney shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition so be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Irrtents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exirting, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Competition agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or He-Money does reditainents purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and ieo *'norfeft belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under than io /. Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under ttfeir respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 26. 321

like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be *J0c1'1'yIjh(le|-J less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall than »o/. be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the

Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so jiurchafed, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That Copies of all and every Mort- Mortgages gage or Mortgages, Assignment or Alignments, which shall hereafter Wntere'd* be made by the said Trustees, or any Five of them, as the Security in a Book by for any Sum or Sums of Money lent and advanced by any Person ,heC1<:rk-and Persons on the Credit and for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees; and that all and every Assignment and Transfer of any such Security or Securities, or of any Assignment and Transfer of any Mortgage or Mortgages,

Assignment or Assignments, already made under the said recited Acts, to make the fame effectual shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before mentioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates,

Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein assignedor transferred, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences in- Forpaying the

curred in and about obtaining and passing this A cl, shall be paid out °'

of any Money already raised or borrowed by virtue of the said former u ’ Acts, or otherwise out of the first Monies which shall be raised or borrowed by virtue of the said former Acts and this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deem- Declaring ed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of

as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without " Specially pleading the same.

[Lw. & Per.] 4 M

322

Term and Continuance of the Ait.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Term of this Act (]la|j commence from the passing thereof, and continue and be in force, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then nexx Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majafly. 1801.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

4* if*

Cap. 27.

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for amending and making more effectual Four several Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham through Warwick to Warmington, and from Birmingham through Stratford-upon-Avon to Edgehilly in the County of Warwick, so far as the fame relate to the Road from Birmingham through Strata ford-upon-Avon to Stratford Bridge in the said County.

[21st May 1801.]

[I»f. Gf Ptr.] 4 N

WHEREAS

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

326

Preamble, 1 > Get. I.

18 Geo. II.

J1 Geo. II.

11 Cre. III.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Hoads leading from Birmingham through Warwick, ZcWarmington, and from Birmingham through Stratford-upon-Aron, to Edgehill in the County of Warwick, by which several Tolls and Duties were made payable, and divers Powers were given for repairing the said Road which said Act was to take place from the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and twenty-six, and to continue for the Term of Twenty-one Years: And whereas, by another AG made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing, amending, and making more effectual the said former Act, several of the Posvers were amended and altered, and other Powers were thereby granted; and the said Term was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas, by another Act made in the Thirty-first Year of, the Reign of His said kte Majesty King George the Second, for continuing and rendering more effectual the said Two former Acts, several of the Powers wrere also amended and altered, arid' other Powers were thereby granted; and the said Terms were further continued from the Expiration thereof for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas another Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing and rendering more effectual the said Three former Acts, as far as the fame related to the Road from Birmingham through Stratford-upon-Avon to Stratford Bridge, in the said County, whereby several of the Powers were also amended and altered, and other Powers were thereby granted; and the said Terms, with respect to the said last-mentioned District of Road, were further continued from the Expiration thereof for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said several Acts, have made great Progress in amending that Part of the said Road which leads from Birmingham through Stratford-upon-Avon to Stratford Bridge; and for that Purpose have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected thereon, a considerable Part of which Money (till remains due and owing, and cannot be repaid and discharged; nor can the said District of Road be effectually amended and kept in Repair unless the said Acts be continued for a further Term; and it is expedient that some further Powers should be granted for more effectually carrying the said Acts and this Act into Execution; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties^ so far as the fame relate to the said Road from Birmingham through Stratford-upon-Avon to Stratford Bridge aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby.further continued for and during the Term herein after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 27. 327

and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, and Alterations herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due on the Credit or on Account of the said former Acts, or either of them, with respect to the said District or Division of Road, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act (for the Use of the said District or Division) and the Interests due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Honourable Stanhope Dormer, New Tru(-Henry Anthony Pye, Francis Rujford, John Carlton, Poyntz Stuart Ward,

Clerks, Thomas Beach and William Moody Esquires, shall be added to

and joined with the Trulbees appointed or elected in or by virtue of the said former Acts, or either of them; and that the Trustees hereby appointed together with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said former Acts, and their Successors (being qualified according to the Directions of the said second recited Act) shall be, and are hereby to all Intents and Purposes empowered to put the said former Acts and this present Act in Execution, so far as the fame relate to the said Road from Birmingham through Stratford-upon-Avon to Stratford ZJrnfgr aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, not being so Pemltyon qualified as aforesaid, shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, Persons'6 d every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of atiing. Thirty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to

be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That all Acts and Proceedings by any such A^.°_fdun-Person as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, previous to his being pejfons pre-convicted of the said Offence, shall be as valid and effectual as if such viom to coa-Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act. claieTvalid.

V. And the better to prevent the Abuse and Fraud of passing the Tickets whole Length of the said District of Road from Birmingham to Stratford- Qate upon-Avon (being by Admeasurement more than Twenty-two Miles by tobeieturn* paying a single Toll only, under Cover of a Henley Ticket, which p',^,n'n5the operates either Way, to each Extremity of the said District of Road; p,fl«on the be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Act, every Ticket t»eUay. issued at Henley Toll Gate shall be demanded by the Gate Keeper there,

from the Person to whom the fame may be delivered, on his or her passing a Second Time through the fame Gate on the same Day; and all such Persons are hereby required to return suchl icket to the Gate Keeper, under the Penalty of paying a Second Toll.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Trusteet not Act, no Composition shall be made by the Trustees for the said District companion

q of for the TcL».

3*8

Meeting* on f metgcncie.'.

Trulleei may lue and be (tied in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer j

whA i< to be reimburW all Expmees.

Inhabitant! m iy be Wit. nelles.

For securing tranlient Offender!.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

of Road with any Person whomsoever by the Year, or for a longer or shorter Time, for the Tolls payable at any of the Gates eroded and to be continued on the said District of Road, but the said Tolls shall be collected as they arise: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall annul or make void any Exemptions from Toll granted by the said recited Acts, or any or either of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time be thought

necessary, for the better Execution of the said recited Acta and this Act. that the Trustees should meet before the Time to which any Meeting shall be adjourned; or in case no Adjournment shall have been made, as directed by the said recited Acts, or any of them, the Person acting at Clerk to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing, signed by any Five or more of them, although not assembled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time and Place of such Meeting, shall, as soon as may be, give Notice thereof by Advertisement in One or more Provincial Newspapers, usually circulated in the County of Warwick, and in such Notice appoint a Meeting of the Trustees, to be holden at such Time and Place as shall be directed by such Order, such Time not being earlier than Fourteen Days after Publication of the said Notice; and any Business which shall be done at such Meeting, by a sufficient Number of Trustees authorized to transact such Business, shall be as valid as if the fame had been done at a Meeting of the said Trustees held in pursuance of an Adjournment.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done against, or by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, in the Name either of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought pr commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of any such Clerk or Treasurer, with, out the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant (as the Case may be) in every such Action; and every such Clerk or Treasurer in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Damages, Charges, and Expences, as by any Verdict, Judgement, or other Proceedings in any such Action or Suit, or by the Event, or in consequence thereof, he Hull pay, bear, sustain, or be put unto, or become chargeable with by reason of his being made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That any Inhabitant of any ParHh, Township, District, or Place, in which any Offence shall be committed against the said Acts or this Act, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a competent Witness, notwithstanding be may be an Inhabitant of such Parish, Township, District, or Place.

X. And whereas Offences may be committed against the said Acts and this Act, by Persons unknown to the Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put the said Acts and this Act into Ex*

ecution;

sit a

fei

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 27. 329

eiurion; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Pctftms who shall commit any such Offence Or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty Sessions to be holoen within or for the County, Place, or District in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Petty Sessions, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Sessions as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the Gaol or House of Correction for the said County or Place, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless he,

(he, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Coils and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

XI. And be it funher enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- ttionMoner chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts when it and this Act, or any or either ofi them, for the Purpose of improving the said District of Road, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme i.pwnd. Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability, or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be pid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Account^ ant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be plated to his Account ex pane the Trullees of this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fiinimary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, In* tents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Ap* probation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetet-(Loc. Iff Prr.J 4 0 mined

33°

Application of Compensation Money not amounting to ico/. nor left than 20/.

Application of Compensation Money left than *0 L

For defraying the Charges of the Act.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 27,

mined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and Until Wh Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annu, ides; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Pur-shafe or Settlement were made.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or iheir Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XIII. Provided also and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Charges and Expences incurred in obtaining and parting this Act shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the parting thereof, be paid out of the Money already raised or to be raised by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, for the Use of the said Distriftof Road.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and as such be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall, as far the fame relate to the Road from Birmingham through Stratford-upon-Avon to Stratford Bridge aforesaid, upon the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said Acts and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in Force, and be executed for the Purpose of amending and keeping in Repair the said last-mentioned District of Road, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ms mRiibyi^H *» h kl oflJ iolr.Jjhul

Uubisud li^di

ust ! n i ’’ no >*Gt 0)

i, 5 JO JliD ill Milt T

m la hi nuoyjh bict +><\ Cii bsftingft ;id oJ

si elll Ot b-JORlq ?dl ni jlneS 3dl

rcc nobd*libiDt| is >nusM ni m 'if ' f aril io ImaoO

Ti owl 03 ,nor3qO 5 1 biubrote e£ tnuoa

k . 3 nC) shul xjmjlr 30J 9J|V /isrfjo 10; bsf3:n

id floiu zmrnnjf foffDr htvifii- r P. «T 0(1 OJ

m Jcno il iflllo abn.:H lo bsvoTqq* bn®

n bus noiutioiqcjA bun

i Ik 111 hsif/Wlx ,r| . u ;i* ^vrm frn-r'[> t>p& aniiEfi

!* -‘OfiuqqE *, ..) sr:, ( <i\ hiftnffs

ti

'b ztnaR di ot bslnjns imd av»n

‘ i' u 1,0 bslsrta

-sJIuil bail sAi TaiinaM' rl;ul X u,£fnl lo ftfio ni to .,1 Amij SltUruaoD ,anfiibTEuO TO

10 ndiisHibnl lo Lai

i^rjiijsna tatijiul ji ad pr.

Pu 1’ gnillaq ba^ jjniniajd-j ni bu- j-

331

[Publick Act.]

Term of the Act.

V?s All in

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 28.

An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The Cross at Broken Crop in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Buxton in the County of Derby, and for making and keeping in Repair certain

Branches of Road to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road.

[21st May 1801.']

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road Jr of the.Cross at s» Crt.lt, Broken Cross, in Macclesfield in the County n/-. Chestpr, through Mac- aild clesfield Forest: to the prefer,t Turnpike Road at the South End fif the Township of Buxton in the County of Derby: And whereas an Act was Per.l 4 P passed

334

»o Git. Ill recited-

Ash farther continued-

Trullees for the former Acts to be Trullees for this Act.

Trullees empowered to erect Toll Bars on any Pat t of the Road.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said recited Act, and for making and keeping in Repair certain Branches of Road, to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road: And wher<as great Progress hath been made in the Execution of the said Acts, for which Purpose considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, and (till fe. main due on the Credit of the Toils thereby granted; which Sums of Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Road be properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and some of the Powers thereof, which are found defective, varied and altered, and the Tolls increased , may it thetefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) shall be and are hereby further continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect immediately upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term, and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due on the Credit or on Account of the said former Acts, or either of them, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said j^cts and this Act, and the Intercll due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That for the more effectual putting the said recited Acts and this present Act in Execution, the Trullees nominated and appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, and their Successors, to be hereafter appointed according to the Directions of the said recited Acts, shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed Trullees for putting the said recited Acts and this present Act in Execution, with all the Powers and Authorities therein and herein given, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if they had been named in the said recited Acts, and also in this present Act.

III. And whereas by the said recited Act it is provided and enacted, that no Turnpike shall be erected across or upon the Side of, or across any Lane or Way leading into that Part of the Road which lies between the Cross at Broken Cross and the East Side of the Town of Macclesfield, which Restriction is found detrimental to the said Road; be it further enacted, That the said Part of the said recited Act shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed; and that the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, are hircby empowered to erect, or cause to be erected and set up. One or more Turnpike or Turnpikes, upon or across any Part or Parts of the said Road betwixt Broken Cross and the East Side of the Town of Macclesfield, and also a Toll House at or near each of the Places where such Turnpike or Turnpikes shall be erected.

IV. Jmi

GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

IV. And whereas the Tolls in and by the said recited Acts authorized to be taken, have been found inefficient; be it therefore enacted, That the same shall be and are hereby repealed, and instead thereof the following

‘Tolls shall be demanded and taken (videlicet)

~, For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Af% or other Bead, laden pr unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penriy:

For evety Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Als, or other Bead, drawing any Waggup, Wa n, Cart, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Threepence; , '

For every Hotjfe, Mare, or other Bead, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Chaise, or Other such Carriage, the Si3m of Four-pence Half-

or every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sdrh of 'Fcfi-..pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lamb?, the Sum of Five pence per §core, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which Paid respective Tolls shall be collected, levied, recovered, applied, and dispol'ed of in the same Manner as the Tolls granted by the said former Acts are therein directed to be collected, levied, recovered, applied, and disposed of.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than Two full Tolls, and each at different Toll Bars, shall and may be demanded and taken in any One Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in One Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night, for all Cattle and Carriages passing along the said Road.

VI. Provided (ikewife, and be it further enacted and declared, That

Halt a Toll only shall be collected and taken at the said Toll Bar to be erected upon that Part of the said Road called Broken Cross Lane, in any 'One Day, to be computed as aforesaid, foraoy Cattle and Carriage parting through such Gate; and if it shall happen that the Whole of the Two Tulls by this Acr directed to be paid lor such Cattle and Carriage, shall have been paid before the same shall come to the said Toll Bar in Broken Cross Lane, then and in such Case all such Cattle and Carriage; shall pals through such last-mentioned Toll Bar without Payment of any Toll whatever. n

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be allowed to claim, or take the Benefit of any Exemption from T’oll, for any Cattle or Carriage laden with, or parting empty or unladen for or returning the same Day empty or unladen after having been laden with Stone, Bricks, Tiles, Slate, Flag, or Timber to be used or employed in building or repairing any Hnufe, Out-house, Building, or Fence, or lor any other Purpose in any of the Towr.ships in which the said Road, or any Part thereof, doth lie, or In any other Township whatsoever (except Stone and Mr, terials for the Repair of this Road), or for any Mu<.k, Dung, Attics,

Cumpost, or other Materials for the manuring and improving of Land, which hath been fold, exchanged, or otherwtle disposed of; any Thing

335

New Tolls,

No more than Two Tolli to he taken in the whole.

Only Half Toll ft> be taken at the Bar to be erected at Broken Cross Lane in any One Day.

No Excretion for Stone, etc. for bniiding, or for Manure which hath been sold or disposed of.

33&

Peralfy on Pei f ns going through private Ways with Intent to evade the Tolls.

Notice cf Actions to be given.

For limiting the Statute Uutyin the Township of MaeJr&Id

F?r<J.

Application of Compenfa-fion where exceeding aoo /.

41° GEORGII JSL Cap. 28.

in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary hereof in anywise «6twith (landing.

Vni. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whom-f ever owning or occupying any Land near unto any of the said Turnpikes shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pass through any Gate, PijTage, Inclosure, or private Way, with any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Phaeton, Chaise, Chair, Calash, Hearse, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or any other Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or any Sort of Cattle; or if any Person or Persons shall, with any Coach, Waggoa, or other Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle aforesaid, pass through any such Gate, Passage, Inclosure, or private Way, with Intent to evade the Pay-mfnt of any of the said Tolls, and whereby the Payment thereof lhatl be avoided^ or if any Person or Persons shall, with such Intent, take off, or caute to be taken off, any Horse or other Cattle from, or any Goods out of any Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage, or shall leave, or cause to be lefr, upon 6r near to any of the said Roads, any Carriage or Cattle, with such Intent as aforesaid, every Person so offending hi any of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.' ? i

odj y , .

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be c<w-menced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given in Writing of the Cause of such Action or Suit, by the Person or Persons intending to bring the same to die Person or Persons again!! whom the fame is to be brought or commenced.

J . " i... *>? /. i

X. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conftrned to extend, to compel any Inhabitant, or Owner or Occupier of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Township of M<k-clisfield Fortjl aforesaid, to do or perform any more Statute Work upon the said Road intended to be kept in Repair by virtue of this Act and the said recited Acts, or to subject them, or any of them, to any other Botthens, Taxes, Charges, or Assessments whatsoever in respect of the said Road, other than Three Days Work in any One Year; which Three Days Work every Inhabitant, or Owner or Occupier of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Township, liable to perform Statute Work therein, shall do and perform within the said Township yearly on the said Road, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be in full for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by such Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers upon any Part of the said Road, and also in full for all other Burthens, Taxes, Charges, and Assessments whatsoever (except the Tolls by this Act granted) for or in respect thereof; from all which other Burthens, Taxes, Charges, and Assessments, the fame Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers are hereby exempted and discharged.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, purcha-fed, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation,

Feme

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 28. $37

Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability* or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Mooey shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said C >urt, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been en-

titled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, oc Hereditaments, in the t'urchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Parts thereof, as the faicfCourt shall authorise to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or affeifling other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments (landing lettled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purports or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be hid out and inveded, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effrd; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the raid Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Here- ^mpeni^tion ditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and be- does not ex-longing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disabili- ("°r

ty or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred *’ Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands,) be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, (at the [Lee. 6? Per.] 4 & like

33$ -4-I0 GEOJS.GII 'III. Cap. 28.

like Option) to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trtsf* tees (tuch Nomination and Approbation to be Ggnified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and die Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Calc be applicable, with* out obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application where the Money is left than 20/,

For paying the Expences of this Act.

Fuhlick Act.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money fb agreed oc awarded Do be, paid as neKt before mentioned, Stall be Ids than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person, or Persons who would for the Time beingihave been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Groilnds, or Mere* ditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or, Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

J ' li. 'i.'jn

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expencis, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, being first settled and allowed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall be paid and discharged by the said Trustees for putting the said former Acts, and this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, out of any Money which has arisen by virtue of the said former Acts, or out of the first Money whion shall arise by virtue thereof and of this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

1 \ ’ v TO.!1" ’ 1 :.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, ad* judged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Term of the

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued Aa* by the said recited Acts shall, upon the passing hereof, cease and deter*

mine; and that the said Acts and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahak, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801,

s r*

GEORGII III. REGIS.

k

*4MHM*

II

Ckr/>. 29.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Second, Fifth, and Nineteenth Years of the !i Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and

widening the Roads from Oxdown Gate in Popham Lane to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Hurjley to Chandlers Ford, and from HurJJey aforesaid to the Turnpike at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road through Ringwood ® in the County of Southampton to Longham Bridge

and TVinborne Minster in the County of Dorset, and for amending and widening the Road from Ringwood-Gate in the said County of Southampton to Woolsbridge, and from a Street called the Hundred at Romsey, through Chilworth to the River at Swathling in the said County.

21f May iSoi.j

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of Preamble* the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An All jor repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdown Gate in Popham Lane to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Hurftey to Chandlers Ford, and from Hurftey aforesaid [Z.#e. (3 Per.] 4 R to

342

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

to the Turnpike Road at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road through Ringwood in the County of Southampton to Longham Bridge and Winborne Minder in the County of Dorset, several Tolls, Duties, and Powers were granted for repairing, widening, and improving the said Roads, and certain Persons therein named, and their Successors to be elected as therein mentioned, were thereby appointed Trustees for putting the said Act into Execution; and it was thereby enacted, that the said Roads should be divided into Four distinct and separate Divi-ftons, in manner therein particularly described, and that the said Act should commence and have Continuance from the First Day of June One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-nine for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas by another Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to amend the said Acr of the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, and for amending and widening the Road between Ringwood Gate in the County of Southampton to Woolsbridge, and from thence to the great Western Road between a Place called Thicktborn and Cashmore Inn, Provisions were made for varying the Line of certain Parts of the Road in the Fourth Division in Manner therein described, and for raising an additional Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls of the said Division: And whereas by another Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Street called The Hundred at Romsey through Chilworth to the River at Swathling in the County of Southampton, and for connecting the fame with the Road leading from the City of Winchester through Hursley to Chandlets Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey aforesaid, and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the River at Swathling aforesaid through Botley to the Turnpike Road at Sherrill Heath in the said County of Southampton, it was enacted that the Road leading from the said Street called The Hundred through Chilworth to the River at Swathling aforesaid, should be added / to and connected with the Second Division of the Road herein-before mentioned: And whereas by another Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdown Gate in Popham Lane to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Hursley to Chandlers Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road through Ringwood in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winborne Minster in the County of Dorset, and for amending and widening the Road from Ringwood Gate in the said County of Southampton to Woolsbridge, and from a Street called The Hundred at Romsey through Chilworth to the River at Swathling in the said County, the said Act of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and so much of the said Acts of the Second and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty as relates to the Second and Fourth Divisions, were continued for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the Trustees appointed to put the said recited Acts in

Execution

343

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Execution have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Four respective Divisions, which together with the Tolls collected have been duly applied in repairing, making, and improving the said Four several Divisions of Road, and ereiting Toll Houses and Turnpike Gates thereon, and for such other Purposes as by the said Two First recited Acts are directed: And whereas a considerable Sum of Money so borrowed (fill remains due and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls, and the fame cannot be repaid and the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said First recited Act, and so muuh of the said Two o her recited Acts of the Second and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty as relates to or concerns the said Second and Fourth Divisions, be continued and enlarged: May it therefore please your Majesty,

That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, that the said recited Acts of the Thirty Second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Articles, Rules,

Penalties, Clauses, Provisoes, Tolls, Privileges, Exemptions, Provisions, Forfeitures, and Punishments, and all other Matters and Things therein respectively contained, (save and except such as have been by any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and now remaining in Force, or by this present Act, varied, altered, or repealed, or as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties,) and also so much and such Parts of the said Two several recited Acts of the Second and Fifth Years of the Aftj conti. Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to or concerns the said Second noed. and Fourth Divisions, shall be, remain, and continue in full Force and Effect, and shall, together with this present Act, be put in Execution for amending, widening, repairing, and improving the said Four several Divisions of Roads by the several Acts directed to be repaired for and during the Continuance of the Term granted by the said Acts, and now to come and unexpired, and from and after the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Richard NewTruf-Grenville Eugene Chandos Temple, commonly called Earl Temple-, the tees for the Reverend the Dean and Chapter of Winchester, the Reverend the Warden and Fellows of Winchester College, George Anderson, Sir Francis "

Baring Baronet, Thomas Croft, John Dowling, Thomas Dowling, the Reverend Henry Difon Gabell, William Garrett ot Leigh House, William Goater,

William Cover, George Hollis, the Reverend John Hopkins, Richard Hopkins,

'J homes Jarvis, the Reverend Charles Drake Ifdell, William Kernott, William Knapp, Richard Knapp, Samuel Leke, Gorges Lowther, Gabriel Mundy,

Philip Oades, James Pinnock, William Shackleford, William Stokes Draper,

Richard llall Tombs, Thomas Finn, Nicholas Waller, the Reverend Nicholas Westcomb, and the Reverend John Woodburn Junior, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for the First Division of the said Roads, and that Joseph Biddlccombe the younger, George Bcnfon, John Conway,

William

344

Trustees may sue or be sued in the Name of their Clerk.

Clerk to be repaid his Expences.

Special Meetings ma'y be holden.

Officers may distrain and be Witness.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

William Castleman, John Defcbamps, Edward Great bead, Sir John Hales Baroner, Sir Edward Hulfe Baronet, Daniel Hobson, Charles Harbin, Henry Longden Clerk, William Mills, "Jeremiah Whitaker Newman, James Mowbray, Arthur Mist, John Ridout, the Reverend Christopher "Taylor Doctor in Divinity, Joseph Warbam, isaac Wright, and William Woodrow, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for the Fourth Division of the said Roads; and the said several and respective Persons (being qualified in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts, or either of them) shall be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts for putting the said Acts and this Act into Execution with respect to the said Districts, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they had been appointed Trustees for the said Districts in and by the said Acts or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of rheir Clerk, and that no Action which shall be brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees or any of them by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act or Default of such Clerk, without the Consent of the Trustees or any Five or more of them, at a Public Meeting to be held for that Purpose, but the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being shall be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action as the Case may be.

IV. Provided always, That every such Clerk, in whose Name any Action cr Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act all such Costs, Damages, and Charges as by the Event of every such Proceeding he shall be puc to or become chargeable with by Occasion of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant.

V. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees it shall at any Time be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in thac Cafe the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, upon an Order in writing, signed by Five or more of the Acting Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting), mentioning the Time, Place, and Purport of such intended Meeting, shall forthwith give Nolice thereof in the Manner directed by the said Acts or either of them, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Fifteen Days after such Notice), and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly, and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at every such Meeting shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case the fame had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

VI. And be it further enacted, That where it shall be necessary to dif-

train for the Recovery of the Tolls authorised to be collected by the said recited Acts, such Distress shall and may be made or taken by the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, or by any Sur- veyor

345

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

veyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, or by any other Person or Persons who shall be fit for that Purpose, appointed by them or either of them, or called on to assist, and that in case any Dispute, Litigation, or Suit shall arise, or be had or prosecuted touching or concerning any such Distress or the Prosecution thereof, or concerning the Non-payment of the said Tolls, any such Surveyor, Collector, or other Person or Persons employed by the said Trustees, or in any Manner in the Execution of this Act, shall at all Times, and in all Courts, and before all Justices, be good and competent Witnesses to prove the Legality of the Distress, the Non-payment of such Tolls, or to give any other Proof or Evidence concerning the Premises.

VII. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be Power to transient Persons, unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Of- ?eol*ftprsto fleers under this Act, be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for fontguiltyof any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively to seise offences/ and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence as aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing; and such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively is and are hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the Conviction or Acquittal of such Offender or Offenders, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty or Special Sessions to be holden for the Division or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, and on such Conviction, or for want of such sufficient Security, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the House of Correction in and for the County, District, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, until he, she, or they shall pay the respective Penalty by him, her, or them incurred for such respective Offence or Offences, or shall give such Security as aforesaid, provided such Commitment be not for a longer Term than Three Months.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Exempting Persons inhabiting or occupying Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Inhabitants the Parish of Hamprejion, in the County of Dorset, for the Time being, shall of Ham. be charged with any of the Tolls or Duties by the said recited Acts granted or made payable for any Horses, Waggons, or other Carriages

passing through the Turnpike-Gate at Lottgham, in the said Parish of Hamprejion, in the Fourth Division of the said Hoads, for the Purpose of conveying Corn either threlhed or unthreshed. Straw, Timber, Underwood, Faggots, or any other Articles or Things whatsoever, from any Messuages, Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments situate in the said Parish of Hamprejion, to any other Messuages, Tenements. Lands or Hereditaments situate in the same Parish, and in the Occupation of the same Person, but not elsewhere, provided such Articles shall be the Produce Of Lands or Hereditaments in the Occupation of the Person claiming such Exemption, and shall not be carried for Sale or actually fold.

1 ;A [T.oc. Per.]

4

34-6

Tru (lees liable to the Repair of Gaol Strut in H'intbtfttr during a certain Period.

Penalty on taking away Materiabgot bySurveyors.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

IX. And whereas the Commissioners for executing an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the belter Paving, Repairing, Cleansing, Lighting, and Watching the Streets and other Public Passages within the City of Winchester, and also within the several Parishes of Saint Bartholomew, Hyde, Saint John’s in the Soke, Saint Peter’s, Cheefchill, Saint Swithin, and Saint Michael in the West Soke, in the Suburbs of the said City, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and fir widening and rendering the fame more commodious, are empowered to take certain Tolls on particular Days and Times in every Year; videlicit, from the Morning of the Day next before the First Day of the Races commonly called Winchester Races, during that and the Five following Days; from the Morning of the Day next but one before Magdalen Hill and Giles's Hill, and the Two Winchester Fairs, For that and the Four following Days; from the Monday Morning to Saturday Night in the Week in which the Election of the College near Winchester shall be holden.in the Nameof and for a Street Toll; therefore in order to pevent a double Toll from being taken and collected on the said Days ana Times Or such of those Days and Times as shall be specified in any Agreement or Agreements, to be entered into by and between the said Commissioners of the Pavement and Trustees of the First District of the said Turnpike Roads for the Time being in that Respect; be it therefore enacted, That the Limits of the said First District of the said Road shall, for the Purposes of carrying such Agreement into Effect, be deemed and taken to be from Oxdown Gate aforesaid to the Southern Extremity of Gaol-Street in the said City of Winchester, and the Trustees for the said First District shall be liable to the Repair of the said Street called Gaol-Street, to the Southern Extremity thereof, during such Time only and no longer as the said Commissioners shall cease and omit to ask, demand, or receive the Tolls authorized to be taken by the fain Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any Part thereof, at any or either of the Days or Times herein-before mentioned, any Thing contained in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall take away any Materials which shall have been digged or gathered in any Lands, Fields, Wastes, or Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpose of making or amending the said Road, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Roads before the Surveyor of the said Roads or his Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Twenty-one Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any Private Ground, and Persons authorised by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use only, and not for Sale,) every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings.

347

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

XI. And be it further enacted, That Convictions for Offences against the said recited Acts or this Act, may be drawn up in the following Form or to the I ke Effect: (that is to say,)

") " BE it remembered that on the [Here insert Form of to wit: J " the Day of the Month and Year of our Lord, and Conviction.

" the King's Reign,] /I. B. is convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of on

his own Confession (or on the Oath of a credible

Witness, or and credible

" Witnesses, as the Case may be) of [Here specify

" the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame was commilled,] contrary to the Form of the several Acts of Parliament passed " for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdown Gate in Popham " Lane to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Hursley " to Chandlers Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid to the Turnpike at " RotnJey, and from the said Turnpike Road through Ringwoodia the " County of Southampton, to Longbam Bridge and Winborne Minster in the " County of Do'rfet, and for amending and widening the Road from " Ringwood Gate in the said County of Southampton to Woolsbridge, and from " a Street called the Hundred at Rom fey, through Chilworth to the River " at Swathling in the said County; and I the said Justice do adjudge the " said A.B. to have thereby incurred the Penalty of " to be paid, recovered, and applied in Manner directed by the " laid Acts. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year " aforesaid."

Which Conviction shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the said Roads for the Time being, or any Five or more of them respectively, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, out of the first Monies to arise by the said Tolls or Duties of the said Four Divisions of Road respectively, or out of such Money as shall be borrowed on the Credit thereof respectively, pay and discharge all the Costs and Expences of procuring and passing this prefect Act, in Four equal Shares and Proportions, allotting and charging One Fourth Part of such Costs and Expences to and upon each of the said Divisions, together with lawful Interest for the fame, until Payment thereof.

[Public Act.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

Paying the Expences of the Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. j8oi.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

4H|i tf* <M 4*4H|*4H*

Cap. 30.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the Pa'ifh of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions; and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Coal Carriers and Water Carriers, Trucks, Carts, and other Carriages within the said Parish.

[21st May ifcior.]

WHEREAS the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other pub- Preamble, lick Passages and Places already made and built, and which are now making and building within the Parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York, are in many Parts incommodious and unsafe for Passengers, very ill paved, and not sufficiently cleansed, lighted, and watched, and are subject to various Nuisances. Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, and other Streets,

Squares, Lanes, Passages, and publick Places are intended to be, or may be made or built within the said Parish, which may be subject or liable to the fame or similar Inconveniences; and it would greatly tend to the [Lee. & Per.] 4 T Con-

350 4-l° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Convenience, Benefit, and Safety of the Publick, as well as of the Owners and Inhabitants of Houses already built or building, and of such other Houses as may hereafter be built therein, and to all Persons reforf-ing thereto, if such Streets, Squares, Lanes, and othet* publick Pass.iges and Places were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, and regulated, and all Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions removed and prevented; and it would also greatly tend to the Convenience and Benefit of the Publick if a sufficient Number of Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and of Porters, Coal Carriers, and Water Carriers, Trucks, Carts, and other Carriages were licensed, and the fame were put under proper Regulations; but the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, ment of'" That Jcbti Alderson Doctor of Physick, Anthony Atkinson, Jonas Brown, Commission- William Bolton, Richard Baker, William Barnes, George Brown, John era. Barkworth, Robert Cross, Henry Coates, John Carliil, ‘Thomas Dikes Clerk,

Thomas Dawjon, Gardner Egginton, Jc/eph Egginton, William Fowler, Philip Green, Simon Horner, Benjamin Holland, John Hall, John Hay, Francis Hall the Younger, John Bevor Lambert, Peter Middleton, John Newbald, William OJbourne, Thomas Ojbourne, Joseph Robinson Peaje, John Richard Jon, Francis Taylor, John Thompson, John Todd of Wincomlee, John Todd of Saville Street, Richard Thompson, John Watts, Abraham Whitaker, John Whitaker, Benjamin Wright, Nicholas Walton, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after directed (being respectively duly qualified as herein-after mentioned, and taking the Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Purport herein-after mentioned and required) shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution.

Commence-

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and ment of the take Effect upon the Third Wednesday after the passing thereof, if a ^ntment of *enera' Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be then had as herein-fi^np^nt0 after directed, and if no such Meeting shall be had, then on the First Meeting. subsequent Day on which such General Meeting shall be had, at some convenient Place in the Parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, and such Meeting shall consist of Five atleaftof the said Commissioners, when, and not before, this Act may and is hereby required to be proceeded on in the Execution thereof; and a General Meeting of the Commissioners shall be held for carrying the fame into Execution on every Wednesday afterwards, at the fame Hour and Place, unless some other Hour, Day or Days in the Week or Year, or some other Place within the Parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, shall be appointed by the Commissioners assembled at the said First Meeting or any subsequent Meeting at which there shall be Five Commissioners assembled; and if at the Time when the said Meetings are hereby required, or shall be so as aforesaid appointed to be held, there shall not be at each such Meeting Five Commissioners present, then each such Meeting shall Hand adjourned to the next Day on which a Meeting in pursuance of this Act would otherwise be held, or at a prior Meeting shall

35i

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

shall have been appointed to be held as aforesaid; and no Act, Order, Rule, Resolution, or Proceeding of the Commissioners shall be valid or effectual unless had, made, or done at a Meeting or Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act; and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested in the said Commissioners, shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by the major Part of the Commissioners present at any Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Act, the Number of Commissioners prefenr at such Meeting not being leis than Five, except any other Number is herein particularly mentioned; and that ac such First Meeting for putting this Act in Execution, One of the Commissioners present thereat shall be appointed Chairman, to whom any One other cf such Commissioners shall, and is hereby authorized and required to administer the Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Effect herein-after made, and such Chairman shall immediately afterwards administer the like Oath or Affirmation to the other Commissioners then present, and at every other Meeting a Chairman shall in like Manner be appointed, and the Chairman for the Time being shall, and is hereby alone authorized and required to administer the Oath or Affirmation hereby required to be taken by the said Commissioners and their Successors; and in all Cases where there shall arise a Difference of Opinion, the Question shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Commissioners then present, and if upon any Question there shall be an equal Number of Votes (including the Chairman’s Vote) then the Chairman shall have another or calling Vote; and that no Order, Rule, Resolution or Proceeding had, made, or done at any Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, at which there shall have been Five Commissioners present, shall be revoked, suspended, or altered, unless at some subsequent Special Meeting to be held for that Purpose, (which any Nine or more of the Commissioners are hereby empowered to call) and of which Seven Days previous Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpose shall be given and inferred in Two at lead of the Daily or Weekly Newspapers circulated in the Parish of Scuhoates aforesaid, and affixed on the Door of the Parish Church there, a greater Number of Commissioners than were present at the Meeting or Meetings at which such Order, Rule, Resolution, or Proceeding, proposed or intended to be revoked, suspended, or altered, shall have been made, shall be present, and shall concur in the Revocation, Suspension, or Alteration thereof, and in such Case no other Meeting for the Execution of this Act shall be held until after the Day expressed in such Notice; and that at every Meeting the Commissioners present thereat, shall pay their own Expences.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if there be any particular Occasion to hold a Meeting before the Time at which a Meeting is hereby required, or shall be so as aforesaid appointed to be held, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or for their Clerk for the Time being, and they or he are and is hereby required to call a Special Meeting, of which Seven Days previous Notice shall be given in the same Manner as is herein-before mentioned in the Cafe and for the Purpose of calling a Meeting to revoke, suspend, or alter a former Order, Rule, or Proceeding; and in like Manner no Meeting for the Execution of this Act shall

Provision for calling a Special Meeting of the Commissioners.

35s

Qualification ot Commissioners.

Commission-Crs Oath.

Penalty on Persons not qualified act-inp as Commissioners.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

be held until ascer the Day expressed in the Notice for such Special Meeting.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, who is a Victualler, or shall sell Ale, Wine, Cyder, or any other Spirituous Liquors by Retail, or during the Time he shall hold or enjoy any Office or Place of Profit under, or be concerned in any Contract made by virtue of this Act, or in any Case wherein he shall be in anywise personally or beneficially interested in the Matter in question (except as a Creditor on the Rates or Assessments herein-after required to be made and levied', or who shall not in his own Right, or in the Right of his then late or present Wife, be in the actual Possession, Enjoyment, and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for an Estate of Freehold within the Kingdom of Great Britain, of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds (above Reprizes and Incumbrances) or who shall not be polfelTcd of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of Three thousand Pounds, ov^r and above the Amount of his Debts, and who shall moreover reside and be a Housekeeper within the said Parish; nor shall any Person be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation to the Chairman of such First Meeting as aforesaid) until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers do so-

A lemnly declare and affirm] That I am really and bond fide in my r own Right [or, in the Right of my Wife, late or present, as the Cade ‘ may be] now in the actual Possession, Enjoyment, and Receipt of the

Rents and Profits of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments

for an Estate of Freehold, fttuate [or, being, as the Case may be] in the Township or Parish, or Townships or Parishes [as the Case may be] of

in the County of within the Kingdom of Great Britain, of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, above ‘ Reprizes and Incumbrances, or possessed of or entitled to a Personal ‘ Estate to the Amount or Value of Three thousand Pounds, over and 1 above what will pay all my just Debts, and that I do reside, and am a

Housekeeper within the said Parish of Sculcoates, and that 1 will truly

and impartially, according to the belt of my Skill and Judgement,

‘ execute and perform the several Powers and Authorities rcpo'cd in ‘ me as a Commissioner, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty first

Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled

[here insert the Utle of this Act.] So help me GOD.’

And if any Person not qualified in Manner herein-before mentioned to act as a Commissioner, shall presume to act as such in the Execution of the Powers hereby given, or any of them, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered on the Information or Prosecution of any Person or Persons whomsoever, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager oft.aw, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every

353

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

every Person so sued or proseruted shall prove that he was, at the Time of acting, qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act; and the Money so to be recovered ' shall, after Payment of the Coils and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, be paid One Moiety to the Informer or Prosecutor, and the other Moiety be applied to the Purposes of this Act: Provided always nevertheless, That it shall be lawful for such of the Commissioners who are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the East Riding of the said County of York, to act as Justices of the Peace in or relating to the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Commissioners under this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Incapacity to act of any of the Commissioners hereby appointed or to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate so many Persons qualified as aforesaid as shall be double the Number of the then Vacancies, and the said Commissioners shall return a List of such Persons so nominated to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said East Riding of the County of York , and the Justices at such Sessions shall, and they are hereby required, out of such Number of Persons, to elect and appoint so many to be Commissioners as shall supply the then Vacancies; and the Commissioners so elected and appointed, shall have and are hereby vested with the fame Powers and Authorities for putting this Act in Execution in all Respects whatsoever, as the Commissioners in whose room they shall be appointed were inverted with.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time be found expedient that the Number of Commissioners for the Purpose of executing this Act should be increased, then and in such Cale it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at any of the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the b aft Riding of the said County of York, and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time, upon Application being made to them by the Majority of the Commissioners for the Time being, to nominate and appoint, within Three Calendar Months next after such Application shall tje made, so manyiand such Persons as they in their Discretion shall think fit and proper, to be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and the Commissioners so to be appointed, are hereby vested with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as if they had been reflectively named Commissioners in or by this Act.

VII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time or Times hereafter the said Commissioners shall be reduced to a less Number than Fifteen, and by Reason thereof a Meeting of the said Commissioners cannot be procured, then and in such Case any Two or more of the remaining Commissioners, or any Ten or more House-holders of the said Parish, qualified as aforesaid, are hereby directed and

[Lee. CS* Per.'] 4 U authorized

Commission-ers may act as Justices of the Peace.

Appointment of new Commissioners.

For increasing the . Number of Commissioners.

Two Commissioners or Ten House. holders to make Application to justice when Commission-

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

authorized to make Application thereof in Writing to the Justices so assembled , as often as any such Event shall happen; and that it shall be lawful for the said Justices, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon due Proof being made of the Matter dated, to elect and appoint such and so many Person or Persons, bring Householders of the said Parish, and qualified as aforesaid, as shall upon such Application and Evidence appear to be wanting, to the Intent and Meaning that the Number of Commissioners for executing the Purposes of this Act shall at all Times hereafter be and remain Fifteen at lead.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Commissioners, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace are authorized to examine any Person or Persons on Oath or Affirmation, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners and Justices, and they are hereby required and empowered to adminider such Oath or Affirmation.

h°rOfficer*" further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and

ing leer*. ma^ an£j tjjCy are hereby authorized and required, by Writing under their Hands, to elect and appoint a Treasurer and Clerk, and also an Assessor or Assessors, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Rates or Assessments to be raised and levied, and the several Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, and by whom such Rates, Assessments, and Monies may from Time to Time be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being, or other Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose in the Manner herein-after mentioned, and also such Surveyors, Scavengers, Rakers, Cleanfers, and Lighters of Lamps, Watchmen, or such Other Officer or Officers, Deputies and Aflidants, for the Execution of this Act, as they shall from Time to Time think proper; and from Time to Time to remove, suspend, or displace all or any of such Officers or other Persons as they shall see Occasion, and appoint others in the Room or Place of such of them as shall be so removed, suspended, or displaced, or in the Room of such as shall die or resign their Offices, and also from Time to Time, by and out of the Monies to be raised or received by virtue of this Act, to pay such Wages or Salaries, and make such Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons by the said Commissioners employed in the Execution of this Act, as they shall think reason-Commission- able or proper; and the said Commissioners shall and are hereby rc-ers to take quired to take Security Irom every such Treasurer, Clerk, Collector, ever "office" anc^ ot*ler ®®cers to appointed as aforesaid, for the due Execution £?h. du" their respective Offices or Duties, as the said Commissioners shall think Execution of proper; and every Person who is hereby made liable to pay the several his Office; Rates or Assessments hereby directed and required to be raised and levied, or to pay any Sum of Money which is directed by this Act to be applied to the Purposes thereof, shall, and they are hereby required to pay the same to such Collector or other Persons as shall be so appointed to collect and receive the same in pursuance of this Act, which Collector or Collectors, or other Persons, shall not at any Time retain in his or their Hands more than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, upon Pain of forfeiting to the said Commissioners any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings per Day, for every Twenty Pounds collected and retained beyond the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and so after the fame Rate for every leis Sum than the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed

Power of ad. ministering Oaths, and taking Affirmations.

354

era are reduced under Fifteen.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

355

as aforesaid, shall, upon Demand, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, deliver to such Commis- Who are to ftoners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and per- del'v^r pro-fed Accounts in Writing, signed by them, of all Monies, Matters, and £"nt, C~ Things received and committed to their Charge by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much of the Monies has been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and also the Books, Papers, and Writings in their respective Custody or Power relating to the Proceedings to be had under this Act, and shall pay all such Monies as shall appear upon Balance of their Accounts to be due to the Treasurer to be appointed as aforesaid, or to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Place as the said Commissioners shall appoint; and every such Officer and Person so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath (or Affirmation being a Quaker) verify such Accounts, and in Default of any of the several Matters aforesaid, for the Space of Eight Days after being the reunto required as aforesaid, it shall tie lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, an ^aTon, MnS Action or Actions in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmin- aeainftor-Jler, in the Name of their Clerk as herein-after mentioned for the Time fi«rs mak-being, against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons making such Default as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the Monies which shall be in of Mon,y ;n the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, their Handa. with the full Costs of Suit; or if Complaint be made by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to make Complaint of any such Default as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Party making Default shall be and re-ffde, such Justice may, and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the said Officer or Officers,

Person or Persons so making or having made Default, to be brought

before him, and upon his or their appearing or not appearing, (except for

some reasonable Excuse) to hear and determine the Matter of Complaint

in a summary Way; and if upon Confession of the Party, or by the B0<

Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnessfcs upon Oath (or

Affirmation being a Quaker) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act,

shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Ptrfott or Persons, or unaccounted for, then such Justice may, and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order the Payment thereof, and upon Non-payment thereof to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, offending or making Default as aforesaid; and if no Goods or Chattels can be found fufRcient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the fame, and the other Expences attending the requiring or compelling such Payment as aforesaid, or in case of Refusal to account as aforesaid, Qr refu(-in ,0 or that it shall appear to such Justice by the Confession of the Party so deliver up offending or making Default as aforesaid, or by the Testimony of any Papem may credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, becommmed that any Books, Papers, or Writngs relating to the Execution of this to n on‘ Act, or to the Proceedings to be had under the fame, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Officer or Person, and he shall refute to *’* deliver

356

Commissioner> may appoint Officers occasionally in case of Death or Removal.

Penalty on Officers talc, ing any Fee or Reward besides the Salary.

Balance of Money received and not paid over at the Time of the Re-ceiver’s

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

deliver up the same as aforesaid, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Justice shall commit every such Offender to the Common Goal or House of Correction of the County or Place where such Offender shall be and reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give or make a true and perfetft Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Commissioners, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint, or until such Person shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or given Satisfaction in respect thereof: Provided always, That no Person who shall be committed for Want of sufficient Distress, shall be committed for any longer Space of Time chan Six Calendar Months.

X. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall die, or be incapable, or neglect to perform his Duty, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, though not assembled at a Meeting pursuant to this Act, by any Writing under their Hands, to appoint another Person to collect the fame, who shall give Security for the due Execution of his Office during his Continuance therein, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, until the said Commissioners shall, at a Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, appoint a Collector or Receiver of such Monies , any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be appointed Treasurer, Clerk, Assessor, Collector, Receiver, Surveyor, or any other Officer or Servant, who shall be in anywise employed by the said Commissioners in putting this Act, or any of the Powers thereof in Execution, shall exact, take, or accept any Fee, Profit, or Reward whac-soever, other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the said Commissioners, for or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relative to putting the fame in Execution, or shall directly or indirectly be concerned or interested in any Sale, Purchase, Bargain, or Contract made or to be made by or by the Order of the Commissioners for the putting this Act in Execution, unless with the Consent or Approbation of such Commissioners, every such Person so offending shall be incapable of ever serving or being employed in any Matter under this Act; and shall, over and above, forfeit any Sum noc exceeding Twenty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, within Six Calendar Months after the Offence committed, with full Costs of Suit, in which Suit or Prosecution no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or Receiver, or other Person employed by the Commissioners, who shall have received any Sum of Money by virtue or for the Puposes of this Act, shall die before he or they shall have paid and satisfied all the Money so received by him, then and in every such Case the Executors or Admiltraturs,

* 3 Execu-

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30. $57

Executrixes or Administratrixes, or other Person or Persons possessing Death, to bs the Estate and Effects of every such Person so dying, shall be liable to £*x^culyorlsh'f pay and make good all such Sums of Money by such Collector or Re- the Deceiver, or other Person who have so received and not paid, and the ceased’. fame shall be recoverable by Action or Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against such Executors or Administrators, Person or Persons as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause proper Books to be provided and kept, in which they shall, either by themselves or by their Clerk for the Time being, make or cause fair and regular Entries to be made of the several Meetings held in pursuance of this Act, and of the said Commissioners present thereat respectively, and of the Nomination of all Officers and Persons to act in the Execution thereof, and of all Acts, Orders, Rules, Resolutions, Proceedings, Matters, and Things relative to the Execution of this Act, and also an Account of ail Monies to be assessed or raised, and to be received or made payable by virtue hereof, and of the Payment and Application of the fame, and of all Contracts made by any Person or Persons by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, all which said Accounts shall be examined, adjuffed, and settled by the Commissioners assembled at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, Quarterly at least or oftener; and the said Commissioners so examining, adjusting, or settling such Accounts, and also their Clerk for the Time being, shall subscribe their Hands to the fame; and such Commissioners assembled as aforesaid, and their said Clerk, shall also subscribe their Names at the End of their Proceedings at every such Meeting; and all Entries in their Books of such Proceedings being (igned by the Comnnhlioners assembled thereat, and making or ordering the lame in virtue or pursuance of this Act, and by their Clerk, shall be deemed Originals, and the fame, or attested Copies thereof, shall be admitted to be read in Evidence in any Court whatsoever, in all causes,

Suits, or Actions, and upon all Occasions whatsoever, couching any Thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act; and such Books shall be kept by the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners, or by such other Person or Persons, and at such Place as the said Commissioners shall direct, and the same shall respectively, at all convenient and seasonable Times, be open and liable to the Inflection of the said Commissioners, and of all Persons rated and affclTcd for the Purposes of this Act, or otherwise affected thereby, without Fee or Reward.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Ailiontobe and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being,

and that all Actions or Suits that may be necessary ^or expedient to ’

bring for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum of Money due or payable by virtue of this Act, or for or in respect of any Matter or Thing' relating to this Act, shall be brought in the Name of the said Clerk j and that no Action or Suit which may be brought, commenced, or pro--fecuted by or against such Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue or on Account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Suspension, or Removal of such Clerk, or by any Act or Default of such Clerk done or suffered, without the Consent {Lee. fc? Per.} 4 X or

358

who shall be rtimbursed his Expence s.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

or Direction of the said Commissioners, but the Clerk to to the said Commissioners for the Time being shall be always deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in every such Action or Suit (as the Case may be): Provided always, That every such Clerk in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Cods, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein, and shall not be personally answerable or liable for the Payment of the fame, or any Part of them, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of his own wilful Neglect or Default, or have been brought or commenced, or be defended without the Order or Direction of the Commissioners.

Power to provide Lamps.

Penalty on Persons wilfully damaging Lamps.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to cause Lamp Irons or Lamp Ports to be put up, affixed into, upon, or against the Ground adjoining to, or the Walls or Palli-fadoes of any of the Houses, Tenements, or Buildings already built or hereafter to be built within such Parc of the said Parish of Sculcoaies (except in such Parts of the said Parish as the Dock Company at the Town of Kingslen-upcn-Hull are by Act of Parliament, Covenant, or otherwise, authorized or obliged to provide with Lamps and other Re-auifites for lighting the fame) as they the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time think proper and convenient, and also to cause such Number of Lamps, of such Sizes and Sorts, to be provided and fixed, or put upon such Lamp Irons or Lamp Ports, and to cause the fame, when so provided and fixed, to be altered, taken down, or removed, as they shall from Time to Time think proper, for well and effectually lighting the said Part of the said Parish of Sculcoaies as last aforesaid, and also to cause such Lamps to be lighted at such Time or Times, and to be kept lighted during the Whole or such Part of the Night, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break, throw down, displace, take away, extinguish, damage, or spoil any Lamp or Lamps put up or to be put up by virtue of this Act, or wilfully damage the Ports, Irons, or Materials belonging thereto or used therewith, or shall so damage, break, or destroy any Fire Engine or Fire Engines, or any Buckets, or any other of the Materials or Utensils thereto belonging, or used therewith, which by virtue of this Acr shall be provided, or wilfully hinder or obstruct any of the said Commissioners or Officers employed in the Execution of this Act, in his or their respective Ducy, every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Matters aforesaid (which shall be taken and deemed distinct and fir-parate Offences) shall, upon being convicted thereof before the said Commissioners, by the Oath, or Affirmation being a Quaker (which Oath or Affirmation such Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer) of One or more Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party before the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, forfeit and pay for the First Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, over and besides making such Satisfaction in Money for the Lamp or V. Lamp*

359

4i8 GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 30.

Lamps to be broken, thrown down, displaced, taken away, extinguished, damaged, or spoiled, as such Commissioners shall think reasonable and shall order to be paid , the said several Penalties and Satisfactions as aforesaid, to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, before whom such Conviction shall be had or made j or in case the Person or Persons so offending and convicted shall have no Goods and Chattels whereon the fame can be levied, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month nor less than Fourteen Days, to be reckoned from the Day of Commitment.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said CommilEoR-Commissioners from Time to Time, at any of the said Meetings, to con- ^,a’forc°n" trad and agree with any Person or Persons for a sufficient Number of Lamps. Lamps necessary to be fixed and set up in such Part of the said Parish, as the said Dock Company at Kingston-upon-Hull is not authorized or obliged as aforesaid to light, and for Lamp Irons, Ports, and other Materials necessary or convenient for fixing the famefrom TimetoTime, and for furnishing and providing the fame Lamps with all Requisites, and for lighting, supporting, amending, and repairing the fame; and also with any Person or Persons, to be and ad as Scavenger or Scavengers within the said Parish of Sculcoates, to sweep and cleanse the fame, except as last aforesaid, in an effectual Manner, when and as often, and at such Times as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time appoint j and immediately after such sweeping take and carry away the Dirt, Dust,

Dung, Ashes, and other Filth thereby gathered and collected, according to the Purport of this Act; and also to contract and agree with any Per- For Wate»

son or Persons to make and furnish, and to repair and keep in Order Carts, for

One or more Water Cart or Water Carts, Engine or Engines, proper

for watering the said Parish of Sculcoates, and also One or more Fire En- other Necef-

gine or Fire Engines, together with a sufficient Number of Leathern fariei.

Buckets, and other Matters and Things relating thereto, as the said

Commissioners shall think proper, and to purchase, lease, or otherwise

agree for a proper and convenient Place or Places for keeping the said

Water Cart or Water Carts, Fire Engine or Fire Engines, and Buckets,

and other Things relating thereto, and also for depofuing the Dirt, Durt,

Dung, Ashes, and other Filth, to be from Time to Time swept, gathered, and collected as aforesaid, until the same shall be fit for Sals; and An(J tQ the said Commissioners are hereby authorized, empowered, and requir- the Manure ed to sell and dispose of, by Auction or private Contract, all such Dirt, from the Dust, Dung, Ashes, and Filth, so to be I'wept, gathered, collected, and StreeH-deposited as aforesaid, and to apply the Money arising therefrom to the Purposes in this Act mentioned, or such of them as they shall think proper; and no Person or Persons shall throw, caff, or lay, or cause to be thrown, cast, or laid, any Dirt, Dust, Dung, Affies, or other Filth whatsoever in or upon any Street, Square, Lane, or other publick P.affage or Place in the said Parish of Sculcoates, or any of the Rivers, Brooks, or V W ater-

360

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Water courses within the same Parish (except the Dirt, Dull, Dung, Allies, and Filth to be collected together by the Scavengers to be employed by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, and except as herein-after is mentioned) upon Fain of forfeiting for every such Offence any Sum noc exceeding Five Shillings, to be levied, recovered, and disposed of as herein-after is directed, but shall, and he, (lie, and they is and are hereby required to keep, or cause the same to be kept, in their respective Houses or Yards, until the Scavenger, or other Officer there:o appointed, shall come by or near their FIoulcs or Doors with a Cart or Carts, or other Conveyances, to carry away the fame, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every such Offence; and that the Scavenger or Scavengers, or other Person or Persons employed, or con-trafting for cleansing the said Parish of Scukoates, shall Twice in every Week oroftener, if the said Commissioners shall fodirtft, and on such Days and Times as the said Commissioners shall appoint, bring or cause to be brought a Cart or Carts, or other Conveyances, into all the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the said Parish of Sculceates, where such Cart or Carts, or other Conveniences can pass, and shall, at or before their Approach, by Sound of Bell, loud Voice, or otherwise, give Notice to che Inhabitants of his or their coming, and give the like Notice in every Court, Passage, or Place into which the said Cart or Carts, or other Conveniences cannot pass, and abide and (lay there a convenient Time, so that the Inhabitants or Persons concerned respectively may bring forth their Dirt, Dud, Dung, Allies, and other Filth (except Filth from any Privy or Necessary House) to the Doors of their respective Houses and Premises, and there deliver the same to the Scavenger or other Person or Persons aforesaid, or then immediately take and put the fame into such Cart or Carriage, all which Dirt, Dull, Dung, Allies, and other Filth (except as aforesaid) as well as all such Dirt, Dud, Dung, Adits, and other Filth as shall be swept up and collected together as aforesaid, the said Scavenger or other Officer appointed for that Purpose, shall immediately, or as loon as may be, carry away or cause to be carried away to the Place or Places appointed for depositing the same as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every such Offence or Neglect, and every Person acting as such Scavenger for the Time being, shall cause the Words " Scavenger’s Cart" to be painted in large Roman Letters on the Front or other conspicuous Place of their Carts or Carriages used for the Purposes aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting any Sum noc exceeding Twenty Shillings for any such Neglect therein; and no Person or Persons whomsoever shall take and carry away, or cause to be takemand carried away, any Dirt, Dud, Dung, Affies, or other Filth so to be swept up, gathered, and collected as aforesaid, besides such Scavenger or other Officer to be appointed by che said Commissioners for that Purpose as aforesaid (except and unless the lame shall be taken or carried away by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall respectively belong, either for his, her, or their own Use, or by his, her, or their Order or Directions) before the Time that such Scavenger or other Officer as aforesaid shall come to carry away the ftme, and no Inhabitant of the said Parid), or any other Person, shall permit or suffer any Dirt, Dud, Dung, Ashes, or other Filth by them or any of them brought out, in order to be loaded and carried away for their own

7 Use,

361

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Life only, to continue or remain any longer Time than from Sun-rising to Sun-setting before the same shall be carried away, on Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every such Offence.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be subject to the last-mentioned Penalty for any Rubbish or Dirt occasioned by the building or pulling down of any Building, or by the rebuilding or repairing any House or other Building, so as there be convenient Space left in the Street, Lane, or Passage where such Rubbish or Dirt shall lie, for Carriages to pass and repass, and a sufficient Way kept clean for Foot Passengers, by the Person or Persons laying or occasioning such Rubbish or Dirt to be laid, nor for the making up Lime into Mortar in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, publick Passages or Places, so as such Space be left for Foot Passengers and Carriages, and so as such Lime beenclosed before such House or Building about which the fame is to be used, and so as the Owner or Owners of such House or Building before which such Lime or Rubbish shall lie, shall cause the same to be removed at his, her, or their own Costs and Charges, within a reasonable Time, or upon Notice in Writing for that Purpose being given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their said House or Building where such Rubbish or Lime shall be, to be frgned by the said Commissioners or their Clerk.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Property in the Lamps, Lamp Posts, Lamp Irons, and Materials which shall be fixed up by virtue of this Act, and in the said Engines, Buckets, Water Carts, Materials, Implements, and other Things belonging thereto, and in all the Tools and Implements of the Watchmen, Scavengers, Firemen, and other Persons employed by the Authority of this Act, which shall be purchased, provided, or gotten by virtue of this Act, and in all the Dirr, Dust, Dung, Ashes, and other Filth to be swept, gathered, and collected as aforesaid (except as to such Part thereof as shall be taken or carried away before the Time that the Scavenger or other Officer shall come to carry away the fame, and except such Dirt, Dust, Dung, Ashes, and other Filth as shall be brought out by the respective Inhabitants of the said Parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, for the Purpose of leading and carrying away the fame for their own Use as herein before mentioned) shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and such Commissioners shall be One Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Commissioners for the letter paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Parish of Sculcoates, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and by that Name shall and may bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or prefer, or order and direct the preferring any Bill or Bills of Indictment, as the Calc shall be or require, against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, or carry away, detain, fpoi), injure, or destroy the fame, or any Part thereof, or disturb them in the Possession thereof, or break or not perform any Conrradi relating thereto, and in such Action or Actions, Bill or Bills of Indictment, the Thing or Things stolen, taken, carried away, deiained, spoiled, injured, or de« stroyed, shall be laid generally to be the Property of the Commissioners for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the

\Loc. & Per.] 4 T Parish

Laflmentioned Pe* nalry not to extend to Rubb Ih or Dirt occa-fiored by building or ^pairing House!, &e.

Lamps, fcfr. yelled in Cominidion-crt.

Commi flic a* ert a Corpora lioo.

36 2

Pavements,' lie. may be broken when Fires happen.

Fire Plugs to be put into the Water Pipes,

and are to be made gord by the Commissioner s.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Parish of Sculcoates, and in all Actions upon such Breach or Non performance of Contract, the same shall be laid to be to the Damage and Injury of the Commissioners for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Parish of Sculcoates.

£ .

XIX. And be it further enacted, That for the more expeditious extin.

guishing Fires that may happen in the said Parish of Sculcoates, any of the said F’iremen, or any other Person or Persons, by Order of any One or more of the said Commissioners or their Clerk, present at every Fire, shall or may take up or break any of the Pavements within the said Parish, or any Water Pipe or Water Pipes laid or to be laid therein; and the said Commissioners shall and may, from Time to Time, order and appoint such and so many Plugs, called Fire Plugs, to be put and placed into the Main or other Pipes, to be laid along any Part or Parts of the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places in the said Parish, and belonging to any Person or Persons, Proprietor or Proprietors, whatsoever, for the better obtaining Water for the working of the Fire Engine or Engines, or otherwise extinguishing of such Fires, but for no other Ufeor Purpose whatsoever; and that such Pavements so to be taken up, and such Pipes so to be broken, shall be repaired and made good by the said Commissioners, out of the Rates and Monies to be raised as herein-after mentioned.

infprfl the

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Works. Commissioners, and they are hereby directed to cause the Works to be done in pursuance of any such Contract or Contracts, to be inspected by their Surveyor or Surveyors, or by such other Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint; and in case the same shall not be well and sufficiently performed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Contract or Contracts, or shall not be finished or completed at or within the Time or Times to be by such Contract or Contracts limited for completing the fame, the said Commissioners shall and may bring any Action in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against any Persons so contracting and neglecting to perform such Contract or Contracts, for any Penalty or Damage which shall be contained in such Contract, or for any Damage suffered or sustained on account of the Non-performance thereof, and upon proving the signing of the said Contract or Contracts, and Non-performance thereof, the said Commissioners shall be entitled to, and shall recover such Penalty or Damage, with full Costs of Suit; which Penalty and Damages, when recovered, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XXI. And, in order that the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other pub-perly paved, lick Passages and Places already made or built, as well as such as are now tSt. making or building, and may be hereafter made or built within the said

Parish of Sculcoates, may be properly flagged, paved, and cleansed, and that all Annoyances, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Encroachments therein may be removed, and the present and future Drains, Sinks, Gutters, and Water-courses, for conveying the Water and Filth out of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, publick Passages and Places, into the common Sewers or Drains, may be amended, repaired, cleansed, altered, and feoured, and new ones (if necessary) be made, in such Manner as the . . said

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 3c.

said Commissioners shall think proper; be it further enacted, That every Owner or Occupier (such Occupier to be reimbursed by the Owner) of a House or Houses, or other Building or Buildings, Ground or Land within the said Parish of Sculcoates, shall from Time to Time, at his and their own proper Expence, within Twenty-eight Daysnext after a Day to be expressed in a Notice given for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being (such Notice being delivered or given at lead: Ten Days before the Day to be therein expressed), set out, and make, or cause to be fetout and made, with good Flag Stones, a Road or Way for Foot Passengers, Six Feet of Assize in Breadth at the least of such Street, Square, Lane, publick Passage or Place, as shall be in the Front of such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Ground or Land, and also behind and at the Side of such his or their House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Ground or Land, as shall adjoin such Street, Square, Way, Lane, Passage, or publick Place; and also shall pave or cause to be paved with paving or Cobble Stones, as much of the Carriage Way of the said Street, Square, Lane, Way, and publick Passages and Places, from the Curb Stone of such lad mentioned flagged or Footpath Way into the Middle, or if the Cafe shall require, to the Extremity in Breadth of such Street, Square, Lane, publick Passage or Place, and in Length from the due Extreme and Party Wall or Boundary of such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Ground or Land, to the other extreme End, Party Wall, or Boundary thereof, and shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times afterwards, at his or their own proper Expence, and on a like Notice being given to him or her as aforesaid, repair, amend, raise, lower, alter, or place, or cause to be replaced, amended, raised, lowered, altered, or placed the Flagging and Pavement of the fame Part of such Foot-ways and Carriage-ways, and the Gratings or Openings in and over the fame, with such Materials, Drains, Gutters, Sinks, or Water-courses, for the Purposes herein-before mentioned, except such Streets as by virtue of this Act shall become publick Highways, and with such new or other Grates or Gratings on, from, or out of such Foot-ways or Carriage-ways, over or into such Drains, Gutters, Sinks, or Water-courses, and in such Manner as shall be directed or required by the said Commissioners, and shall be particularly expressed in such Notice or Notices, or by Reference to any Flagging or Pavement, Drain, Gutter, Sink, Water-course, GrateorGrating then done and approved of by the said Commissioners; and in Default thereof it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause to be paved, repaired, amended, raised, lowered, altered, made, or placed accordingly; and in case any such Owner or Occupier shall cause any such Flagging or Pavement, Drains, Gutters, Sinks, or Water-courles, Grates or Gratings, to be done, repaired, amended, lowered, altered, made, or placed ocher-wifethan according to the Direction, Requisition, or Manner, for that Purpose expressed in such Notice or Notices, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Pavement, Flagging, Drains, Gutters, Sinks, Water-courses, Grates, or Grating (as the Case may be) to be taken up and relaid, made, or placed agreeably to such Direction, Requisition, or Manner, or in such other Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper or direct and the Charges and Expences attending or relating to the taking up, underlaying, making, or placing the same as aforesaid, shall be reimbursed to such Commissioners by such Owner or

Occupier

363

Tnh». b'tarts II H^g and pave before iheir Houses.

364

Power to take in new Streets and make them publick Highways.

Sewer-, iic. to be made by Commissioners.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Occupier making Default as aforesaid, or causing the several Matters and Things aforesaid to be done contrary to such Direction, Requi-fition, or Manner as aforesaid, and such Charges and Expences respectively, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owneror Occupier, in like Manner as the Rateshcrcin-afterdiredled or required to be raised and levied, are directed to be recovered, the Overplus (if any) of the Monies to arise thereby, after deducting such Charges and Expences as aforesaid, and also the Costs and Expences attending such Distress and Sale, being returned to such Owner or Occupier on Demand.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That when any of the new Streets and Ways which are already laid out and made, or which shall hereafter be laid out and made in the said Parish of Sculcoates as aforesaid (such Streets being Thoroughfares) shall be well and sufficiently flagged and paved with such good and substantial Sea Cobbles, in the like Manner as that Part of the Parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, called IViucomlee, is now paved with and put in good Order and Repair to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners; and on Application of the Owner or Owners of the Soil, or of the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Houses of such Streets, or a Majority of them, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to declare the same to be publick Highways, and by Writing under their Hands, directed to the Surveyor of the Highways of the said Parish of Sculcoates, where such new Streets or Ways are or shall be so laid out and made, as the Case may be, to order such Surveyor to repair and keep in good Condition all such new Streets and Ways, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the other Highways in the said Parish are respectively paved, flagged, and repaired, and kept in Order, under the Laws now in being concerning Highways in general, and from and after such Declaration made, and Order to the Surveyor for the flagging, repairing, and keeping in good Condition such new Streets and Ways as aforesaid, the fame and every of them shall be deemed and taken to be publick Highways to all Intents and Purposes, and repaired and kept in Repair by the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Sculcoates, where such Highways shall lie, and in all Respects be subject to the Laws now in being concerning Highways in general, and shall be paved, flagged, and cleansed, and be in all Respects managed and governed as the other Parts of the said Parish are by this Act directed to be managed and governed: Provided always, That the said Commissioners shall not, by any Thing herein contained, be empowered to accept any Streets hereafter to be built upon (except in the Cafe of such Streets as are now laid out and actually built upon) unless the Front Streets be Forty Feet in Width, including the Flagging on each Side, which Flagging shall not be less than Six Feet wide, and the back Street Thirty Feet wide, including ihe Flagging on each Side, which Flagging shall not be less than Five Feet wide, with sufficient upper and under Drains, and Water Grates.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may cause such and so many new Sewers, Drains, and Vaults, as they may think sufficient and necessary to be dug and made, in, along, or across any of the Streets, Squares, Lanes, publick PaflTages and Places, and

5 along

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

akiflg 6r across any Yards within the said Parish of Sculcoates, and alfcJ any of the Sewers and publick Drains and Vaults which now are Or hereafter shall be within the said Parish, to be enlarged, widened* taised, altered, removed, repaired, cleansed, or scoured, when and 6s ‘often as to them the said Commissioners shall seem meet, and for any of the said Purposes shall from Time to Time cause to be dug, carted, and tarried out of or brought into the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, publick Passages and Places, or any of them, such Gravel, Stones, Bricks, and other Materials as they shall judge necessary, and also shall and may cause such and so many Grates or Openings to be made therein for the conveying and carrying off the Filth, foul and other Water from the Houses built or to be built adjoining to such Streets, Squares, Lanes, publick Passages or Places in the said Parish of Sculcoates, into the said Sewers, publick Drains, and Vaults, as the said Commissioners shall and may think necessary and expedient for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and authorized to purchase such Ground as shall be necessary for making or enlarging such publick Drains and Sewers, and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to charge the several Owners of such Houses or Buildings as now are or hereafter shall be built adjoining to and making use of such Common Sewer or Sewers, with the Payment of all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be by them the said Commissioners paid, laid out, and expended in and about the making, enlarging, widening, raising, altering, removing, repairing, cleansing, or scouring of such publick Drains or Sewers , and on Refusal or Non-payment of such Charges and Expences to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, then upon Fourteen Days Notice in Writing being given to such Owners or other Persons as aforesaid, or left at his, or her lait or usual Place of Abode by their said Clerk, such Charges and Expences shall and may be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, are hereby directed to be recovered.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing con- Commislron. tained in this Act shall authorize or empower the said Commissioners '"not «> into accept, alter, change, divert, or in any Respect interfere with the publick Highways or Streets, Drains, or Sewers made or to be made in pany>s the said Parish of Sculcoatet by the Dock Company at Kir.gston-upon- Drain?, tfr. Hull.

I

XXV. And whereas there are at present several Streets, Lanes, Courts, Commission.

and Passages in the Parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, that are not publick Power to Highways, nor repaired by the publick Highway Act, and the Propri-

etors of the adjoining Premises may tefufe to comply with the Requifttion Lanes'’ ' of this Act, and which, by reason of the N arrowness and bad State of Re- Streets, tsV. pairs of such Streets, Lanes, Courts, and Passages, are Nuisances and Offences to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and may contribute much

to produce contagious Diseases j be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be, and they are hereby empowered, on Default or Refusal of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Premises adjoining such Streets, Lanes, Courts, and Passages, as well those already built, whether the fame pay Poor or other Rates or not, as those which hereafter may be built, to repair, deanfc, scour, and drain such Streets, Lanes,

[Z.w. £s* Per.] 4 Z Courts,

366 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Courts, and Pafifagrs, and charge the several Proprietors with the Expence thereof, and on rheir Rcful’al to pay or reimburse the said Commissioners all such Charges and Expences which shall or may be occasioned thereby, the same to'bt recovered in like Manner as the Assessments or Rates under and by virtue of the Act passed for repairing publick Highways.

Wttcling.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, at their Fird or some subsequent Meeting or Meetings to be held as aforesaid, to divide the said Parish of Sculcoatts into such and so many Divisions or Districts as to them shall Teem proper,

kVatcbmen anf*to apportion the Number of Watchmen to be employed in each Dif-rrid as to them shall seem proper, and to appoint what Wages, Salaries, Gratuities, Rewards, or Payments shall be paid, given, and made to all such Watchmen for their several Attendances and Services, and to alter the Wages of such Watchmen from Time to Time as shall be found expedient, and from Time to Time to alter such Divisions or Districts, and Number of Watchmen, as shall be found most convenient for the Purpose of appointing and regulating the Watch as herein-after is mentioned; and the said Commissioners shall, immediately after making such Division, pub)ifh in the Hull Newspapers an Account thereof, dating what Streets, Squares, Lanes, publick Passages or Places, are comprized in each Difirid, and shall also at the same Time appoint a Meeting for each Difirid of the Commissioners resident in such respective Districts, and give Notice in the said Newspapers of the Time and Place of each such Meeting, which shall not be less than Seven Days, nor more than Fourteen Days after such Notice in the said Newspapers; and the Commissioners resident in each Difirid respectively, shall and are hereby required to meet at the Time and Place so to be appointed, and to ad in the appointing and regulating the Watch in their respective Didrids as herein-after is mentioned, and afterwards from Time to Time to meet on the Fird Wednesday in every Month, at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, at the same Place, or at such other Hour, and at such other Place as they shall at such Monthly Meetings appoint, and also to adjourn such Monthly Meetings as they shall think fit; and at all such Meetings every Question shall be determined by a Majority of the Commissioners present: Provided always, That no Order shall be made or any Business tranSaded at any such Meeting, unless Three Commissioners resident in such Difirid at lead be present; and at such Fird and other Meetings in each Difirid, the Commissioners resident in such Didrid, and present at such Meeting or Meetings, shall appoint, by Writing under their Hands, such able bodied Men to be employed as Watchmen in the Night Time, to attend from Time to Time, and at all such Times and Places, within the re-(pedive Didrids for which they shall respectively be appointed, and to perform such Duty as the said Commissioners of such respective Dif-trids, or any Three or more of them, shall order, direct, and appoint; provided, that in each such Didrid they do not exceed the Number di* reded or appointed to be apportioned for each such Didrid by the General Commissioners; and the said Commissioners resident in each respective Difirid, or any Three or more of them, at any Meeting for such Didrid as aforesaid, shall and may remove all or any of such Watchmen 1 7 for

3 67

' 4iw GEORGII 'III. Cap. 2o.

for such District from Time to Time as they shall see Cause, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or shall die, or be incapable of performing their Du:y, and shall and may make such Orders and Regulations, and give such Directions for the Rationing and regulating the said Watchmen, as they, or any Three or more of them, shall from Time to Time think proper; and the General Commissioners shall, by and out of the Money to be raised in pursuance of this Act, erect, hire, or otherwise provide proper Watch-houses, Watch-boxes, or Places for the Reception of the said Watchmen, and proper Coats, Lanthorns, Materials, and Things suitable for their respective Offices, and proper and convenient Rooms, or other Places, of Security wherein to lodge Offenders until taken before a Magistrate for Examination; and all and every the said Watchmen shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to use his and their bell Endeavours to prevent Mischief by Fire, and also to prevent Murders, Burglaries and Robberies, and other Felonies, and Misdemeanours, and co secure and apprehend all Night Walkers, Malefactors, and all disorderly and suspected Persons, and to detain and safely keep every such Person. in any of such Watch-houses or Places to be provided as aforesaid, or in fomeorone of the Lock-up Rooms to be erected in pursuance of this Act, until he, she, or they can be taken (which shall be done as soon as conveniently may be) before some Justice of the Peace for the said Riding, to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler, Ptibli- Penalty cm can, or other Person selling Spirituous or other Liquors, shall enter-

tain or harbour in his, her, or their House, Habitation, or Shop, any wat°hmcf Watchman to be appointed under this Act, during any of the Hours during their or Times appointed for such Watchman to be on Duty in virtue or rn Hours of pursuance of this Act, then every such Victualler, Publican, or other Person, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for the First Offence, and not exceeding Forty Shillings for the Second Offence, and not exceeding Five Pounds for the Third and every other Offence.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for To nuke the said Commissioners to constitute, ordain, and provide, from Time to ®rdtn and Time, such Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, as they shall think fie for Hackney5 Ur licensing and authorizing a sufficient Number of Hackney Coaches, Se- Coaches, dan Chairs, Porters, Porters Carts, Coal Carriers; Coal Carts, Water Chairmen, Carriers, Trucks, Water Carts, and all other Carts and Carriages to be C^T~ttr let or plying for Hire within the Parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, and for Carriers, regulating and ordering such Hackney Coaches and Sedan Chairs, Por- ifc.

ters. Porters Carts, Coal Carriers, Coal Carts, Trucks, Water Carts, and all other Carts and Carriages to be let or plying for Hire as aforesaid, and in what Manner the same shall be provided, and what Number of Persons may be carried and conveyed in each of such Coaches, and touching and concerning the Letters, Messages, Goods, Parcels, and Things to be carried and conveyed by such Porters, or any of them, and touching and concerning the Quality and Measure of Coals to be carried and conveyed by such Coal Carriers, and for preventing Frauds in the Sale of Coa(s and Water; and for al’certaining, and sking, altering, and

removing

3

68

Persons not to be prevented from employing their own Servants, fife as Porters, 45V.

Owners of Hackney Coaches, to affix their Numbers, bfr. and leaveN otice

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

removing their St.tnds from Time to Time, and for frying, adjusting, and punishing the Milconduft and Misbehaviour of Hackney Coach* men and Chairmen, Porters, Coal Carriers, Carmen, Truckmen, or Labourers, plying for Hire within the Parish of Sculcoates aforesaid and for ascertaming what Rates, Fares, and Prices, as well for Time as Distance, shall be taken by such Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, and Porrers; ^d also for ascertaining what Races, Fares, and Prices shall be taken by the said Coal Carriers for the Carriage of their Coals, and Water Carriers for their Water, and to what Distance such Hackney Coach* men. Chairmen, Porters, Coal Carriers, Truckmen, and Water Carriers, shall be obliged to drive, carry, go and come, in, through, and round the said Parish, not exceeding for such Coachmen and Chairmen Two Miles, and not exceeding for such Porters Three Miles, not exceeding for such Coal Carriers Three Miles, and not exceeding for such Truckmen and Water Carriers Two Miles, and their Rates, Fares, and Prices to be taken for the fame; and also that the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to make such other Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders as to them shall seem necessary and expedient for carrying this Act into Execution, (such Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders not being repugnant to any Law or Statute of this Realm, or any Thing herein contained) j and the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, at any Meeting to be held as aforesaid, may from Time to Time as they shall think fit, repeal, alter, or amend such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, or any of them; and shall ascertain and set down what pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be incurred by Persons breaking the fame, or any of them i provided that no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the First Offence, nor the Sum of Forty Shillings for every subsequent Offence: Provided always, That all such Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders so made by the said Commissioners, shall be reduced into Writing and laid before the said Justices a (Tumbled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said East Riding of the said County of York, and if approved of by them, but not otherwise, shall be binding and conclusive, and shall be insertedi n some Newspaper or Newspapers printed or circulated in the said Parish.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prevent, or be construed to prevent, any Person from employing occasionally his or her owg Servant, or the Servant or Servants of any other Person or Persons, or any Labourer or Person who does not follow the Business of a Driver of a licensed Coach, or the Business of a Carrier, Chairman, Porter, or Labourer, in or about the Matters or Things herein-before directed to be carried or done by any such licensed Porter or Labourer; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That within Seven Days next after the Owner or Owners of any Hackney Coach or Sedan Chair, and also after every such Porter, Coal Carrier, and Water Carrier, and Truckman shall be licensed, every such Owner or Owners of such Hackney Coach, Sedan Chair, Porters Cart, Coal Cart, or Water Cart,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30. 3^9

shall affix and keep such Figure or Number as shall be respectively appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, at Abode? any Meeting as aforesaid, on some conspicuous Part of such Coach,

Sedan Chair, Porters Cart, Coal Cart, Truck, or Water Cart respectively, and shall leave at the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Time being, a true Account in Writing of his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode, with the Figure or Number of each Coach,

Sedan Chair, Porters Cart, Coal Cart, Truck, or Water Cart* and so from Time to Time every such licensed Owner or Owners of such Hackney Coach, Sedan Chair, Porters Carr, Coal Cart, Truck, or Water Cart, shall within Seven Days after his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode shall be changed, give the like Account ac the said Office, upon Pain that every such Owner or Owners of every such Hackney Coach, Sedan Chair, Porters Cart, Coal Cart, Truck, or Water Cart, ffiali for every Refusal or Neglect so to do, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Necessary House or Direction Privy in the said Parish, shall, from the Twenty-feeond Day of Sepicm-

her to the Twenty-feeond Day of March in every Year, be emptied or cleansed at any other Time than between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Evening and Eight in the' Morning, and from the Twenty-second Day of March to the Twenty-feeond Day of September in every Year, at any other Time than between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Evening and Seven in the Morning; and if any Person or Periods shall empty any such Necessary House or Privy at any other Time (except in Cases where the same shall be mixed with Allies or other Manure, for the Purpose of being immediately carted and carried away for the Use of the Owners thereof) or shall wilfully or negligently Ijjill or drop any of the Soil of any Necessary House or Privy in any of the Streets, Squares,

Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and publick Places within the said Parish of Seul-coates, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or Name* of the any Nine or more of them, at any of their Meetings shall and may, and ftr"t9'°be are hereby required to order and cause to be placed on some conspicuous Houses num-Part of the House or Building at or near each End, Corner, or En- bered. trance of the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other publick Passages

already or hereafter to be erected or made within the said Parish of Seul-ccates, the Name by which every Street, Passage or Place is usually, or shall be called or known; and also shall and may cause every House,

Shop, Warehouse, or Building in the fame, to be marked and numbered in such Manner as they shall think most proper for distinguishing the fame; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, pull down, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Inscription or Number, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Certain AfU shall, upon any of the present or any future Pavements of the Streets, l10'10.be ,.

r ir uni ‘ . , committed in

{Let. & Per.] $A Squares, a* Street.

370

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Squares, Lanes, or publick Passages and Places, now or hereafter to be made or built within the said Parish of Sculcoates, and raised above the Carriage Way, and ufedas and for a Footway only (except in any Court or Place which shall be appointed as a Stand for Sedan Chairs, or where there is not nor shall be any Carriage Way) carry any Sedan Chair, not having a Person therefn, or shall carry upon such Pavements any lighted Flambeau, Link, or Torch, other than for the Purpose of lighting any Sedan Chair, or for the Purpose of lighting the publick Lamps within the same Parish of Sculcoates, or shall run, draw, drive, or carry thereon, any Truck, Wheel, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Bier, Handbarrow, or Carriage whatsoever, or shall roll any Cask other than for the necessary loading or unloading thereof, in, upon, from, or out of any Carriage, or shall thereon wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Cattle of any Kind, or any Bead, whether loaded with Coal, Vegetables, or other Goods or Wares for Sale, or shall in any of such Streets or Places aforesaid, burn, dress, or cleanse any Cork, or shall hoop, fire, cleanfc, wash, or scald any Calk, or empty any of the Contents of any Cask thereon, or set any Calk, Tub, Pail, Bucket, or any other Matter or Thing on, or so as in any Manner to cause any Obdruction or Impediment in the Footway, or wash any Linert, Vegetables, or other Things at any of the publick Pumps or Conduits therein, or shall hew, saw, or cut any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bore any Timber (except for the Purpose of rebuilding, altering, or repairing any House or Building in the Manner herein-before mentioned, or for any of the Purposes of this Act required or authorized to be done, in which Cases the fame shall, if the Commissioners shall think proper and direct, be fenced and inclosed in Manner herein-after mentioned) or shall make or Repair any Coach, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage, in any of such Streets, Squares, Lanes, publick Passages or Places (except such Carriages as may want immediate Repair from any hidden Accident on the Spot, or which cannot conveniently be removed for that Purpose), or shall shoe, bleed, except in case of Accidents, or turn loose any Horse, Afs, or other Bead therein; or if the Driver of any Waggon, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage, shall, in any Part of the said Parish, rideon the Shafts, or in or on any Part of such Waggon, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage, without Reins, or on any of the Horses or Cattle drawing the fame; or if any Person or Persons having the Care thereof, or driving the fame (not being a Cart or Caravan, driven by a Person with Reins and fitting the rein) shall suffer any Horse or Cattle drawing the same to go any Pace fader than a Walk, or shall bait, drive, or worry any Bull or Bear, or other Animal, with Dogs or otherwise; or if any Person shall drive any Cattle, or ride or drive any Horse or other Bead within such Part of the said Parish, so furiously as thereby to cause a personal Danger to any One whomsoever; or shall in any of the said Streets or Places shew or expose any Stallion or Stonehorse, or shall expose to Sale any Horse or other Bead, or shall ride, drive, or lead the fame in any Carriage or otherwise by Way of Exercise, or for the Purpose of breaking them in, or shall play at any Game or Games of Football o Fives, or any other Games troublesome to the Inhabitants, or make any Bonfire, or let off any Musket or Pidol, or fire any Crackers, Squibs, or other Fireworks, or shall suffer his, her, or their ferocious Dog or Bitch to go unmuzzled in any of such Streets or Places, after Notice given by any Person whomsoever to the Owner thereof, or any of his or her Servants to 13 confine

37i

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

confine the fame; or if any Person shall fist, throw, cad, or lay any Allies (except in the Time of Frod only, and to prevent Accidents) or any Dull, Muck, Dung, Soil, Filth, Rubbish, Refuse of Garden Stuff, Blood, Offal, Carrion, or any other offensive Matter or Thing, in any of the present or future Streets or Places within the said Parish; orlhall hang up, place, or expose to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever, or any Fruit, Vegetables, or Garden Stuff, Butchers Meat, or other Matter or Thing, on or prosecting over the Foot or Carriage Way of such Streets or Places, or so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Person or Carriage therein, or shall commit any other Kind of Obstruction or Annoyance in any Part of any such Streets, Squares, Lanes, or publick Passages or Places aforesaid, the same shall respectively be considered as an Offence or Offences against ihis Act; or if any Person or Persons shall kill or (laughter, or shall singe, scald, dress, or cut up any Adimal, either wholly or in parr, in any of such Streets, Squares, Lanes, or publick Passages or Places within the said Parish, or cause or permit any Blood to run from any Slaughter House, Butchers Siiop, or Shambles, into the fame or any of them, every Person so offending in any of the Matters aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Horse, Bead, or other Animal, shall at any Time be found wandering about any of the Streets, Squares, Lanes, or publick Passages or Places, now made or hereafter to be made or built within the said Parish of Sculctates, it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers to be appointed by the said Commissioners, and for any of the Inhabitants of the same Parish, by and with the Consent and Approbation in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor of Sculcoates aforesaid, to seize andimpound such Bead, Swine, or other Animal, in the common Poundof the said Parish, or in such other Place as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and the fame there to detain until the Owner or Owners thereof shall, for each Bead or other Animal impounded, pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty Shillings to the Treasurer for the Time being, to the Commissioners, towards the Purposes of this Act, and also the Sum of One Shilling to the Person impounding the fame, besides the reasonable Charges and Expences of impounding and keeping the fame; and in case the said Sums, Charges, and Expences, shall not be paid within Seven Days after such impounding, it shall be lawful for the Pound Keeper, or such other Person as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, giving Seven Days previous Notice of the intended Sale to the Owner or Owners of such Horse or other Bead, or if the Owner thereof cannot be found within Three Days after advertiGng the fame in Manner aforesaid, to fell or cause the same to be sold, and the Money arising from such Sale, after deducting the said Sums and the Charges and Expences aforesaid, and of such Notice and Sale, shall be paid to the said Treasurer, to be by him paid to the Person whole Property the Bead or other Animal so fold shall appear to have been.

Beads wandering in the Streets may be impounded.

37 2

Nuisance* to be removed.

The Streets to be watered.

Drains rot to branch into publick Sewers.

Private Drains to be cleansed.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30*

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Slaughter House, Hog stye, Necessary House, or other noisome or offensive Building or Matter whatsoever, within or adjoining any of the Streets, Squares, Lanes, or publick Passages or Places, which shall or may hereafter be made or built within such Part of the Parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, as shall be watched, lighted, and cleansed in pursuance of this Act, and also such Parts thereof as are lighted by the Dock Company at Kingston-upon-Hull, and shall be offensive to any of the Inhabitants thereof, or Personsrefiding the rein, the same shall be deemed a Nuisance and an Offence against this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners, upon Complaint thereof to them made by any such Inhabitant, or other Person or Persons, under the Hands of the Commissioners, or under the Hands of their Clerk for the Time being, to order any such Nuisance or Offence to be removed j and in case the same shall not be removed within Fourteen Days after such Notice given to the Perfopor Persons who ought to remove the fame, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Daily, for every Day that the same shall continue unremoved after the Expiration of the Time mentioned in such Notice.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority to cause the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, and publick Passages or Places to be watered as often as they shall think fit, and alfp to cause any Well or Wells to be dug and sunk, and any Pump or Pumps to be erected in such Places as they shall think proper, within the said Parish, for the Purpose of watering the said Streets or Places, or for any other Purpose, and to cause the same to be removed or altered, and the Expences thereof to be defrayed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall, without the Leave or Licence of the said Commissioners, make or branch any Drain or Drains into any of the said publick Sewers, Drains, or Vaults, made or to be made by virtue of this Act, upon Pain that every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the N ame of the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, in which Action or Suit no Protection, Essoign, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all private Drains which now are, or by permission of the said Commissioners shall hereafter be made within any of the publick Streets, Squares, Lanes, and publick Passages or Places within the said Parish of Sculcoates, and which do or shall issue into any of the publick Sewers, Drains, or Vaults, shall be repaired and cleansed under the inspection and Direction of the Surveyor or other proper Officer to the said Commissioners, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the Lands or Tenements to which the said private Drains do or shall respectively. belong.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30. 373

XXXIX'. , And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act. the Water at the Tops or Roofs of all Houses oth^'x"mgs and other Buildings now or hereafter to be made or built within the said pr jening Parish, shall be conveyed by Pipes to be fixed to the Fronts or Sides inmihe thereof respectively, into the common Channel, or Drain, within T hree ^,7c '»rc io-Calendar Months after a Day to be expressed in a Notice in Writing convenient, under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk for the Time to be rebeing, to be for that Purpose given to or left with the Owners or Occu- nl0vcd-piers of such Houses or Buildings; and that all Penthouses, Bow Windows, Shutters, Signs, Sign Ports, Shew Boards, Spouts, Pales, Rails,

Grates, Steps, Prosections, or other Matters or Things whatsoever, as in the Judgement of the Commissioners shall be inconvenient to or incommode Passengers upon any of the present or future Footways or Carriage Ways of such Streets or Places, shall, within Fourteen Days after a Day to be expressed in a like Notice to be for that Purpose given to or left with the Owner or Occupier of the Houses or other Buildings, or Land to whom such Matters and Things aforesaid, or any of them, shall respectively belong, be taken down, filled up, removed, Or altered, by or at the Expence of the Owner or Owners thereof under the Inflection and Direction of the Surveyor or other proper Officer of the said Commissioners; and in case the respective Owners dial 1 neglect or refuse to obey such Notices, and to observeand perform the several Matters and I hings hereby respectively required to be done, within the Time aforesaid, then such Owner shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Week the fame (halt so remain undone; and then also it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the same to be taken down, filled up, removed, altered, and fixed in the Manner and for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall return or cause to be returned to the respective Owners thereof, or to be left on the Spot from whence the same shall be so respectively removed, or as near thereto as conveniently may be for such Owners, so much of such Matters and Things as aforesaid, as shall not be affixed or set up, or otherwise made use of in the Alterations directed by this Act; and the Charges and Expences attending the fame, shall be recovered of the Owners thereof respectively, in the same Manner as the Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, are hereby directed to be recovered on Non-payment-, and if such Owners shall cause such Matters and Things to be placed, erected, built or made contrary to the Directions of this Act, every such Owner for every Week he shall so offend shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the Commissioners as aforesaid, to order the same to be taken down, filled up, removed, or altered, in such Manner as they shall think proper, without giving any Notice to the Owner or other Person offending therein, and the Charges and Expences attending the lame, shall or may be recovered of the Person or Persons so offending, in the same Manner as is last herein-before directed; provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend to Prosections made or to be made in the Nature of Bow Windows, for the Convenience of Trade in any of the present Streets, Squares, Lanes, or publick Passages or Places in the said Parish of Sculcoates, in case such Prosections do not advance beyond the Areas of the respective Houses or Footways, or in case there shall be no Area, do not advance more than Nine Inches beyond the [Let. U Per.] 5 B Front

+]9 GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Front Wall of the Premises to which such Proseflions adjoin t Provided always, That in case such Occupier or Occupiers shall be required to make such Alterations, Matters, and Things aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for him or them to dedutS or retain the Costs, Charges, and Expences of doing thereof out of his, her, or their next Rent, and such Landlord or Landlords is and are hereby required to allow the lame accordingly.

Persons having greater ElUte than Twenty-one Years deemed Owners for the Purpose of paying Expencra of Reparations

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any such Alterations as aforesaid shall be made to any House or Building wherein any Person or Persons shall have any greater Lflate, Term, or Inrerefl than for Twenty-one Years, such Person or Persons shall be and be deemed the Owner or Owners of such House or Building for the Purpose of such Alterations being made as aforesaid; any Thing herein or any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Ground Xl.I. And be it further enacted, That the Ground or Place whereon cfHou, any House or Houses, Wall or Building wirhin the Parish of Sculcoatn for^buil^irg ®forefa'd, formerly or lately flood, and which is or are now, or at any and of ’ Time hereafter shall be wholly or in part taken down, and every Houses t<k- House, Wall, or Building now making or building within the said Pai ifh, be"incloled ° ^,a"» by the Owners or Occupiers of such Ground, Place, House, or Building, immediately after the passing of this Act, be fenced and inclosed, and that the Ground on which any House or Building shall hereafter be built or taken down, either wholly or in part, till the same shall be rebuilt, shall likewise be fenced and inclosed at the b xpence of such Owners or Occupiers respectively in such Manner as the Commissioners shall think proper or necessary, in order to keep the Footways and Carriage Ways before or behind, or belonging to the fame, as open and free from Impediment as the Nature of the Cafe will admit of, and effectually to guard and protect all Persons passing by or near the fame, or any Part thereof, from Danger or Accident, from or in consequence of any Hole, Vault, Area, Timber, Stones, Materials, or Things made, brought placed, or used, in, about, or relating to such Ground, Place, House, or Building, now made or huilt, or which shall hereafter be made or built within the Parish of Seulceates aforesaid, which shall be taken down eit er in the whole or in part, or which shall be altered or repaired,

' or added to, or begun to be altered or repaired, or added to, whereby or in consequence whereof the Carriage Way and Footway before, behind, or belonging to such House, Wall, or Building, or either of the said Ways, shall be in any Manner obstructed or rendered dangerous to or unsafe for, or expose any Person passing by or near such H- use, Wall, or Building, or any Part thereof, to Danger or Accidenr as last mentioned, shall be in like Manner fenced and inclosed by and at the Expence of the rrfprdlive Owners or Occupiers thereof; and the Fences and Inclosures to be made in respect of any House, Wall, or Building, which shall or may hereafter be taken down, altered, repaired, or added to, shall be made before such House, Wall, or Building shall be begun to be altered, repaired, or added to; and all the Fences and Inclosures hereby directed to be made for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall be continued (landing and in good Condition during such Time as the Peri'anf aev Commissioners shall order and direct; and if the Owner of such Ground, g* Place,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Place, House, Will, or Building, as aforesaid, fh.dl refuse or neglect to erect and set up any such Fence or Inclosure as aforesaid, or shall not continue the fame Banding and in good Condition as aforesaid, then and in either of the said Cases every such Owner shall, for every Day such Offence shall be continued, forfeit and pay any Su n not exceeding Forty Shillings; and moreover, in case of such Refusal or Neglect, it shall he lawful for the Commissioners to cause such Ground, Place, House, Wall, or Building to be well and sufficiently fenced in and inclosed as aforesaid, or the Fence or Inclosure then erected and set up, to be well and sufficiently repaired, as the Case shall require, and such Fence or Inclosure to be so continued (landing as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons so refuting or neglecting as aforesaid, shall, over and above the said Penalty, pay all such Charges and Expences of making such Fences and Inclosures, or repairing the fame, upon Demand made by the Commissioners or by their Clerk, and upon Refusal may, together with the Colls amending the Recovery, be recovered tn such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted are herein* after directed and authorized to be recovered.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter any Stones, Timber, Mortar, Rubbish, Materials, or other Things shall be laid or placed in, or any Hole or Opening shall be made in any of the Streets, Squares, Lanes, or puhlitk Passages or Places already made or built, or which shall hereafter be made or built within the said Parish of Sculcoales, for any Purpose whatsoever, not prohibited by or contrary 10 the Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Owner of such Stones, Materials, or other T hings, or Person or Persons causing such Hole or Opening as aforesaid to be made, shall, at his, her, or their Expence, cause a Light to be fixed in or near the fame respectively, for securing Paflen* gers and Cattle from Accidents, every Night from Sun-setting to Sun-rising, during the Time such Stones or other Materials, Hole or Opening shall remain; and also if the Commissioners shall i hink proper and dirrdl, shall, at his, ht-r, or their own Expence, cauie such Stones Materials, or other Things, Holes or Openings, or either, as the Case may be, to be fenced and inclosed in such Manner as the Commissioners shall think proper, and continue the fame so fenced and inclosed until the Stones, Materials, or other Things, or Hole or Opening, as the Case may be, shall be removed, and in Default shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day or Night such Neglect or Default shall be continued; and the Commissioners, on such Default being made, are hereby empowered to cause such Light to be affixed, and to fence and inclose such Stones, Materials, and Things, and to continue the fame 1b fenced and inclosed, and charge such Owners or other Person or Persons as aforesaid with the Expences thereof respectively; and to recover such Expences on Ketulal to pay the same to the Commissioners, and the Expences attending fuih Recovery, in the same Manner as is mentioned in tuc Cafe of Fences and inclosures to be made on taking down or altering any House or Building as herein-before is mentioned.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times obstruel, hinder, or moled any of the Commissioners or any Surveyor or Surveyors, Watchmen, Beadle, Constable,

or

375

Ircting pr rc"

fusing ro make such Fence.

Lights to be fixed for pre» ven'irg Accident*.

Penalty on Persons in-terrupting Of assaulting Workmen.

376 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

or other Officer or Officers, Workman, Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be employed, by virtue of this Act, in the Performance or Execution of their Duty, or of any of the Matters and Things to be done in virtue or in pursuance hereof, every such Person so offending shall, on Conviction before a Magistrate as aforesaid, for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Power to

XLIV. And whereas it would be a great Accommodation to the In-provide a habitants of the said Parish of Scukoates, if a proper House and Office FT ^'?ce within the same Parish were provided, where the Commissioners might oTprincipal ff°m Time to Time meet for the Purpose of putting this Act in Execu-Constable. tion, and for the Transaction of their Business, and where the Books, Papers, and Writings btlongir g to the said Commissioners may be always safely lodged and deposited, and the Inhabitants and other Persons interested may from Time to Time resort to in order to inspect the fame; and also if a proper House or Place were provided where the principal or chief Constable or o:her Peace Officer might reside or repair, and be ready to answer on all publick Occasions; and also ir a proper Building were provided within the said Parish, where all Persons whom the Watchmen, Beadles, Constables, or other Officers appointed by the Commissioners are hereby anchorlzed and required to apprehend as aforesaid, might be safely kept and detained during and until such Time as the fame Persons can or may be taken before some one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in and for the said East Riding of the said County of York, in the Manner and for the Purposes herein-before mentioned, and where all such Persons who may be committed, or ordered to (land committed by virtue of this Act, for any Offence by them done or suffered to be done contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, may be imprisoned during the limited Time to be specifiedin any Commitment or Commitments of any Offender or Offenders, and where an Engine or Engines for extinguishing of Fire, and for depositing or keeping any Water Carts for watering the said Streets and other publick Plates, and for the depositing of the Materials, Tools, or Implements belonging to the said Commissioners or their Officers, and also One or more Piece or Pieces of Land lying within or near to the said Parish of Sculcoates, where the Dirt, Duff, Rubbish, Allies, Soil, and Filth of the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places to be cleansed in virtue of this Act, and the Soil from Neeessary Houses may, under or by the Order, Permission, and Diredion of the Commissioners, be removed, carried, and laid; and also for making a common Pound for the impounding of all Horses, Beads, Pigs, Sheep, or other Animals found wandering in any of the Streets, Squares, Lanes, or publick Passages or Places within the said Parish of Sculcoates, or found trespassing in the Lands or Grounds of any of the Owners or Occupiers of Land within the same Parish; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, by and out of the Monies to be raised or received by virtue of this Act, to purchase, hire, or conrrad for, or otherwise provide a proper House or Houses, Room or Rooms, or a Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground for the Purpose of building a House or Houses, Room or Rooms, or such other proper and convenient Place or Places in such Situation in the said Parish of Sculcoates, for all or any of the several Purposes tirfl mentioned, and io also

377

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

also a Piece or Pieces of Land, either within or without the said Parish, for the Purpose of depositing such Rubbish and Filth as lad mentioned, as they shall think proper, such House or Houses, Room or Rooms, or Place or Places, Piece or Pieces of Land, and from Time to Time surrender, give up, fell, exchange, or dispose of the fame either by publick Auction or private Contract, and to purchase, hire, take, or provide any other House or Houses, Room or Rooms, Place or Places, Piece or Pieces of Land, to be used, employed, and enjoyed for the Purposes herein-before mentioned concerning the same respectively, as and when, and as often as thty shall think proper; and the Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to take a Conveyance, Grant, or Asignment of such House or Houses, Room or Rooms, Place or Places,

Piece or Pieces of Land, to them the Commissioners and their Successors for the Purposes aforesaid, and in like Manner to make a Conveyance thereof respectively, or such of them respectively as they may chink proper, to sell or exchange or dispose of as aforesaid, and such purchased House or Houses, Room or Rooms, Place or Places, Piece of Pieces of Land, as well as those which shall be taken or had in exchange as aforesaid, shall be vested in the Commissioners for the Time being and their Successors, for the Purposes of this Act; and the Commissioners are hereby authorized to apply any Part of the Monies so to be raised in pursuance of this Act, in the furnishing, repairing, altering, or adding to the House or Houses, Room or Rooms, Place or Places lo to be purchased or taken, or had in exchange as aforesaid, or in buildiing or erecting convenient or necessary Buildings on the Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, and shall also thereout pay and keep down all ground, or quit or reserved Rents due or payable in respect of such Premises, and ali Fines or Renewals of Leases (if any); and the Monies which shall arise from the Sale or Sales of such purchased Premises, or any Part thereof, or of such Furniture and Buildings as aforesaid, shall be applied as the other Monies to be raised and levied, or received in pursuance of this Act, are hereby directed to be applied, or such of them as the Commissioners shall think proper or convenient.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Lands to be have Power and Authority to agree with the Proprietors of and Persons purchased. interested in any Lands, Tenements, Buildings, Erections, and Hereditaments, which the said Commissioners shal( judge necessary or expedient to be cur, diggtfd, pulled down, thrown up, carried away, damaged, or otherwise made use of for the Purpose of this Acr, for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments, or for the Recorr.pence to be made to such Proprietors and Persons interested, for the Damage they may sustain, and also to settle and ascertain in whac Proportion the Sum or Sums so agreed shall be paid to the several Persons interested in the Premises; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands. Guardians, Trustees, and Officers in Trust, Committees,

Executors, and Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for or on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons;

[Loc. Of Per.) 5 C and

37*

In case the Proprietors of Lands shall not agree to fell, the Commissioners to issue a Warrant to the Sheriff to summon a Jury to settle the Damages.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 3C.

and to and for all Femes Covert, who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, to eontract for, fell, and convey, assign and surrender unto the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, any Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes aforesaid, or to agree with the said Commissioners for any Recompence to be made for the Damage which may be done to any such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, by the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act; and all such Contracts and Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, Alignments, Surrenders, and Assurances, shall be valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons whomsoever, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage, Custom, or any other Matter or Thing, whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, are hereby indemnified for what they, or any of them, shall do in the Premises pursuant to this Act, notwithstanding any Omission or Mistake of Matter or Form whatsoever, but if it shall happen that any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons interested or concerned as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of Fourteen Days after Notice in Writing, signed by the said Commissioners, or any of them, and given to the principal Officer or Officers of such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees. or other Person or Persons respectively, or left at his, her, or their respective Place or Places of Abode, or at the House of the Tenanc or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Commissioners, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Tenements they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case, any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said East Riding shall, and he is hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to issue out his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to the Sheriff of the County of York, or if such Sheriff shall be interested in the Matter in question, then to One of the Coroners of such County, commanding such Sheriff or Coroner to impannel, summon, and return Twenty-four Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm, to be returned for the Trials of issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to appear before His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who shall be assembled at the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said East Riding, in order that out of them a Jury of Twelve Men may be drawn, and be sworn to enquire touching the Matters in question; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at such Time and Place, the said Sheriff or Coroner shall return other honest and indifferent Men, who can speediiy be procured to attend that Service, being qualified as aforesaid, to make

up

379

41° GEORGII lir. Cap. 30.

up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve, and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; and the Justices of the Peace for the said East Riding, and each of them, is and are hereby empowered and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals, or Hand and Seal, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call befote them all such Persons as shall be thought necessary to be examined as Witnesses touching the Matters in question; and the said Justices of the Peace for the said East Riding, or any One of them may, on the Application of either Party, order and authorize the said Jury, or any Six or more of them, to view the Places or Matters in question, which Jury upon their Oaths, to be administered by the said Justices, or any One of them (which Oaths, as also the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Justices, or any One of them, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall esquire of, assess, and ascertain the Sum and Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, or the Recompence to be made for the Damages that may or shall be sustained as aforesaid, and to settle and ascertain in what Proportions the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed, shall be paid to the several Persons interested in the Premisest and the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid (not being interested in the Matter in question) shall give Judgement for such Purchase Monies or Recompence so to be assessed by such Juries; which said Verdict, and the Judgement thereupon pronounced by the said Justices, shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever: Provided always, That such Justices may adjourn such Appeal to any other Sessions of the Peace for the said East Riding, and finally determine the fame at any of the said Sessions, and give Costs to either Party, as they shall adjudge to be reasonable.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Coroner, shall make Default in the Premises, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and ifany Person so summoned and returned as a Juryman shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or to affirm or give Evidence, every Person lo offending respectively, having no reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by the said Justices, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Sums of Money as the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall appoint.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Agreements, Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances, and also all Verdicts and Judgementswhich shall be made and given in relation to any such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments as aforesaid (such Verdicts and Judgements being signed by any One of the Justices oCthe Peace, or by the Clerk of the Peace, or by the Deputy Clerk of the Peace, who shall be present at the taking of such inquest) shall be copied into the Book or Books of the said Commissioners,

Penalty on Sheriff, Coroner, Jury, or Witness, neglecting his Duty.

Contrails, Verdicts, Judgements, t? c. to be lodged among th Records of the Court of Quarter Sessions.

3$P

How Cods of Verdictslhall be paid.

Upon Payment of the Value assessed the Estate to be conveyed.

When a good Title cannot be made, or legal Conveyances executed.

41° GEORGII 111. Cap. 30.

missioners, and be lodged for safe Custody among the Records of the Court of Quarter Seffior.s, with the Clerk of the Peace for the said East Riding, or his Deputy, who shall give to the said Commissioners a Receipt for the fame when they shall be so lodged, which Receipt shall be preserved by the said Clerk to the said Commissioners, and shall also be copied into the said Commissioners Book or Books; and the said Clerk of the Peace, and his Deputy, and Clerk to the said Commissioners, shall permit and suffer any Person or Persons from Time to Time and at all Times within the Office Hours of Attendance, to peruse and inspect the said Originals and Copies respectively, and to take Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, upon paying for every such Pe-rufal, Inspection, and taking of Copies, the Sum of One Shilling, and no more.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Verdict shall be given for a greater Sum or Recompence than shall have been offered by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, before the summoning of any such Jury, for or in respect of any such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, Hereditaments, or Damages as aforesaid, that then all the Expences of such Jury, and the Witnesses attending in consequence thereof, and of the taking of such Inqucfi, shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act; but if any Verdict shall be given for no more or a less Sum than shall have been so previously offered by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case such Expences shall be paid by the Owners of, or Persons interested in the Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments in question, and shall and may in that Cafe be deducted out of the Sum to be paid to them by the said Commissioners.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and adjudged as aforesaid, after such Deduction as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so adjudged, for the Purchase of the said Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, or for the Purchase of any Estate or Interest therein, such Person or Persons shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments, and Assurances in the Law to the said Commissioners and their Successors, in Trust for the Purposes hereby intended; or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, of the said Lands, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments, or of such Estate or Interest for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so adjudged; and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments, and Assurances, and shall do all Acts, Matters, and Things necessary and requisite to make and derive a good, clear, and perfect Title thereto, to the said Commissioners and their Successors, in Trust for effecting the Purposes hereby intended, and such Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments and Assurances shall contain all such reasonable and usual Covenants as shall on the Part of the said Commissioners be required, and in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be adjudged as aforesaid, shall not be able to evince and make out a good and sufficient Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, and to make or procure to be made good* valid, and legal 11 Convey-

381

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Conveyances thereof, to the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, or shall refuse so to do bring thereto required, and such Sum or Sums of Monty so assessed and adjudged as aforesaid, after such Deduction as aforesaid, being produced and tendered to him, her, or them, on the making such Title, and executing or procuring to be executed such Conveyances, Surrenders, Alignments, or Assurances as aforesaid, or shall refuse to accept or receive the same, being tendered to be paid to him, her, or them; or in case any such Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid shall be so adjudged, cannot be found in the East Riding of the County of York, or at his, her, or their accustomed Place of Abode within England; or in case that by reason of Disputes depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for De-fedl of Evidence, it shall not appear to the said Commissioners what Person or Persons is or are entitled to the Hereditaments in question, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, to order the said Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged as the Value and Purchase Money for the said Lands, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments (describing the m) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall fcem meet, to order Distribution thereof according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or 1 nterest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto; and to make I'ych other Orderin the Premises with respect to Costs, or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable j and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum and Sums, is and are hereby required co give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforesaid; and such Receipt or Receipts shall be filed and certified in like Manner as is usual on Payments made into the Bank, in the Name of the Accountant General, under Orders of the Court of Chancery.

L. And be it further enacted, That immediately after such Verdicts, Judgements, and Proceedings of the said Justices and Juries, and Payment into the Bank as aforesaid, and after such Receiptor Receipts of the said Cashier or CaQiiers shall be given and filed as before mentioned, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons to whose Credit such Money shall be paid, in, to, and out of the Lands, Tenements, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises, to be purchased as aforesaid, shall vtft in the said Commissioners and their Successors, in Trust fqr effecting the Purposes hereby intended, and they shall be deemed in Law 10 be in the actual Seisin or Poflcdion thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsocvi r, as fully and efTeflually as if every Person, having any Estate in the Premises, had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Release, \_Lcc. (s’ Per.] $ D ‘ Bargain

or the Parties are not to be found.

Commissioners to order the Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank, &em

Subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

Immediately pfrer Ver. dttts and Payments, tjc. inflates to vest in the Commissioners.

382 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Bargain and Sale inrolled, Feoffment with Livery of Seisin, Fine, Common Recovery, Surrender, or any other Conveyance or Assurance whatsoever; and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, T le, Interest, Claim, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whose Cr dit such Payment shall have been made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, and other F dates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the issue and Issues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or Common Recoveries would do, if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

Application

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or fitioftD'Pen* awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Money when Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this exceeding Adtfor the Purposes thereof, which shall belong toanyCorporation, Feme 20o/> Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability

or Incapacity as aforesaid, such Money shall, in cale the lame shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for ixecuting this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the lame or the like Ufrs, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be exilting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and.Profits of the Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments so hereby

directed

383

41° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 30.

dlrefled to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, orufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-after directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and Dividends anfing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application where the Com pen fa* lion Money does not exceed 200 / and above 20/.

LIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less "hcre ‘fe. than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Surrender or Conveyance Bargains and of any such Estateor Interest of any Feme Covert to the said Commission- Sal < to have ers, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, by In denture or Indentures 'it' Force"f of Bargain and Sale, sealed and delivered by such Feme Covert in the Pre- R^y^e, fence of, and attested by Two credible Witnesses, and duly acknowledged, and to beinrolled in the Register Office established at Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of Torir, for the regiftenng of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills affecting Freehold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments lying in the said Bait Riding, within Six Calendar Months next after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such Feme Covert in the Premises, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do if levied or suffered thereof in due Form of Law; and further, that all Bargains

and

3^4

Persons having any Right to stake Claim within a limited Time, or the Right to be barred.

But may re-cov- r be Pimhdle Money, 55U. from Persons receiving the same.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

and Sales whatsoever to be made of any such Lands, Tenements* Buildings, and Hereditaments as shall be purchased by the said Commit', sioners, by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, and inrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like Force, E.ffect, and Opera ion in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have had if levied or (offered by the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Person or Persons seised of any Estate in the Premises in Trull for such Bargainer or Bargainers, in any legal Manner or Form whatsoever.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, having or claiming any Right, Title, Interest, U r, or Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, whether in Poffiflion, Rever-fion, Remainder, or Expectancy, in, to, or out of any Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, which by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act shall be purchased by, and conveyed, or mentioned or inrended to be conveyed to the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, by any such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, shall. within the Space of Five Years, to be computed from the Time of the Accruer of the Title to the Possession of the Person or Persons so claiming, enter a Memorial of such their Right, Tide, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand, in a Book to be for that Purpose prepared and kept by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, which Book the said Clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which Entry he shall be entitled to such Fee and no other, as the Register for the Register Office for the said b aft Riding is by Law entitled to for the Registry of a Memorial containing the fame Number of Words; and all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, not entering such Right, Claim, and Demand, within such Time and in such Manner as aforesaid, or having entered the fame and not prosecuting such Right, Claim, or Demand with Effect, within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, to be computed from the Time of such Entry, shall for ever be barred of all Right, Title, Use, Equity, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, in, to, upon, or out of the said Premises, and every Part thereof, and the said Commissioners and their Trustees, and those claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the Possession of all such Lands, Tenements, Buildings and Hereditaments 3 any Law, Statute, Usage, Matter, or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons barred of any Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of the said Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments by virtue of this Act, shall be at Liberty to bring any Action or Actions of Debt, or for Money had and received to his, her, or their Use, against any Person or Persons who shall have received all or any Part of the Purchase Money arising from such Sale of the said Lands, Tenements, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises aforesaid, and that in every such Case the respective Plaintiffs, in Proof of such Title as would nave enabled him to recover such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or any Estate or In-terell in the fame, shall recover the said Purchase Money, or so much 14 thereof

385

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

thereof as shall be equivalent to the Interest in the said Premises, together with such Interest as shall be equivalent to the mesne Profits of the Pre-mi fes, which they would have been entitled to recover in case this Act had not been made.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That every Lessee or Tenant for Tenanuat Years, or a Year, or at Will, or any other Person or Persons in Possession 10

of any such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments which shall possession. be purchased by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, upon having Notice from the said Commissioners, or the Person or Persons so authorized by them, to quit the fame at such Time or Times as shall be required by such Notice, they the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons making such Recompence to every such Tenant or LeflTee as aforesaid, in case such Tenant or Lessee shall be required to quit before the Expiration of his, her, or their Term in the Premises, as the said Commissioners shall deem just and reasonable; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise concerning the same, it shall and is hereby required to be referred to the Determination of a Jury, to be impannelled in Manner aforesaid j and such Person or Persons in possession shall, at such Time or Times as he, she, or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Commissioners, or to the Person or Persons authorized by them to take Possession thereof; and that in case any such Person or Persons, so in Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the County of York, to deliver Possession of the Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver such Possession of the said Premises accordingly, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts, on the Person or Persons so refuting to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Lands to be used For p.ying for the Purposes of this Act, shall happen to be in Mortgage to any Per- " 0, son or Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon Appli- use(j by the cation being made to them by each Mortgageeor Mortgagees, his, her, or Commission-their Executors or Administrators, and the said Commissioners are here- *'* by authorized and required to pay such Sum or Sums of Money, after the fame shall have been so agreed for and adjusted, or assessed in Manner aforesaid, for such Lands in Mortgage, in part of the Principal Money that shall be due upon such Mortgage or Mortgages, unto such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators: Provided always, That upon Receipt of such Sum or Sums, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators respectively, shall acknowledge the Receipt of such Sum or Sums of Money, by an Indorsement to be made upon the Back of such Mortgage or Mortgages, and signed by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators respectively, in the Presence of One or more cre-[Lw. is? Per.) 5 E dible

Purchase Money to be paid or tendered before any Ufemade of the Estate.

Commissioners empowered to let, fell, &c. any Ground not receflary for the Purposes of the Act.

Former Proprietors to have Preference of taking, renting, or purchasing the feme.

Rates.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30*

dible Witness or Witnesses, in Satisfaction of so much of the Principal Money due upon such Mortgage or Mortgages.

L!X. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money, or other Consideration, Recompence, or Satisfaction, to be paid or made pursuanc to any such Agreement, Surrender, Conveyance, or Verdict as aforesaid, or in Discharge of any such Mortgage, shall be paid or tendered to the Party or Parties entitled to the fame, or be paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, before the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall proceed to pull down any House or Houses, or other Erections or Buildings, or to make use of any Lands comprized in or affected by such Agreement, Conveyance, Surrender, Verdict, or Mortgage respectively.

LX. And whereas some Part or Parts of the Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, so to be purchased as aforesaid, may hap. pen to be more than necessary to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act) be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to let, fell, or dispose of, and convey, or cause to be let, fold, or disposed of and conveyed, such Part or Parts of the said Lands, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract, agree for, rent, or purchase the fame, and the Money arising therefrom shall be paid and applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LXI. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That the former Proprietor or Proprietors of such Part or Parts of the fame Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, as may not be necessary to be made Use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall have the Preference of taking, renting, or purchasing the same.

LXII. And, for raising Money for answering and defraying the Ex* peaces attending the obtaining of this Act, and carrying into Execution the several Purposes thereof (exceptthofe herein-after mentioned and excepted); be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required. Once or oftener in every Tear, as they shall see Occasion, to cause such Sum of Money to be raised by a Rate or Assessment upon the several Tenants or Occupiers of Houses, Ware-houses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Stables, Coach Houses, Brewhouses, Granaries, Malthouses, and other Buildings which are already made or built, or shall hereafter be made or built within the said Parish as aforesaid, and upon the several Gardens, Yards, or Lands thereto respectively belonging and adjoining, and upon all Gardens, Orchards, Paddocks, Clofcs, Tenements, and Hereditaments adjoining to or upon any of the Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places which are already made or built and making or building, and which shall hereafter be made or built within the said Parish of Scuicoates, and which shall be lighted, watched, and cleansed by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, according to the annual Rent or Value of the fame respectively, not exceeding in any One Year the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound upon such'annual Rent or Value, as the said Commissioners shall think proper and necessary, for paying and defraying the several Charges and Expences attend-5 ing

387

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

ing the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of cleansing, lighting, anti watching such Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places as aforesaid, and of purchasing and providing a sufficient Number of Lamps, Lamp Polls, and Lamp Irons, and of keeping the fame in Repair from Time to Time, and all other Charges and Expences incidental thereto, under the Orders and Regulations by this Act provided, and directed to be observed and made, and all other Charges andKx-pences incidental to and attending the Execution of this Act, except fa far as relates to the flagging and paving, altering, amending, or repairing, the present and future Footways and Carriage Ways of the fame Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, and which last mentioned Charges are not to be included in, or discharged or defrayed by such Rate or Assessmenc as aforesaid, such annual Rent or Value to be from Time to Time settled, ascertained, and fixed according to the rel’pedlive Rents which such Houses, Warehouses, Shops* Cellars, Vaults, Stables, Coach Houses, Brewhouses, Granaries, Male-houses. Buildings, Gardens, Orchards, Paddocks, Closes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are or shall be rated or taxed at or for the Relief of the Poor; but if in any such Poor Rates any Person or Persons shall be omitted to be rated, then the Name or Names of such Person or Persons so omitted shall be added to the Rate or Assessment hereby directed to be made, and he, she, or they shall be rated and assessed according to the just and true Value or letting of the Premises by him, her, or them occupied; and where any such Premises lie intermixed, or are jointly held with any other Premises that shall not be rated in pursuanceor in virtue of this Act, then the same shall be rated and assessed in proportion as the whole Premises are rated in any such Poor Rates; and in case of such Omittion as aforesaid, then in proportion to the just and true Value in letting of the whole Premises; and where in any Case the Rates or Afltflhnents to be raised and levied as aforesaid, in respect of any of the Premises hereby made liable to be rated, cannot be settled, fixed, or ascertained by either of the Ways aforesaid, then the Commissioners shall rate and attefs such Premises as last aforesaid, at such Annual Sum as they the said Commissioners shall think just and reasonable; and for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners Yearly and every Year, as often as they shall see Occasion, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint One or more of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Sculcoates (not being of the People called Quakers) to be the Assessor or Assessors of such Rates or Assessments as aforesaid, and as soon afterwards as may be to issue their Order thereupon to such Assessor or Assessors, who shall accordingly be, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required to make such Rate or Rates, Assesslnent or Assessments, in all Cases except where the Rates or AirdT-ments so to be raised cannot be settled, ascertained, and fixed in either of the Ways herein-before mentioned; and the first Year for which such Rates or Assessments shall be made, shall commence at, and be computed from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June next after the passing of this Act, and the Money so to be rated and assessed, shall from Time to Time be paid by such several Tenants or Occupiers as aforesaid, and they are hereby required to pay the same by Half Yearly Payments to the Collector or Collectors to be appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid j but no Rate or Assessment to be made in pursuance of this

388

Conuniflion-eriin order to (certain

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Act, shall be valid until the same shall be allowed, and signed by Five of the said Commissioners at the lead; and the said Assessor or Assessori shall appear at such Time and Place as the Commissioners (ha1!, by Writing signed by them, order and appoint, and then and there produce and deliver to them Two Copies or Duplicates of the Assessment made and subscribed by such Assessoror A fli-lfors, and shall from Time to Time, upon reasonable Notice to him or them given by the said Commissioners attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings, then and there to explain such Rates and Assessments; and that after such Rate or Aflrflment made shall be and allowed, and signed, settled, ascertained, and fixed as aforesaid, and the Money thereby made payable shall be collected and received by the Collector or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, as soon as may be, of and from the respective Persons who shall be so rated or assessed, and the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time, asfoonasmay be after such Rate or Assessment shall be made, allowed, and signed, set-tied, ascertained, and fixed as aforesaid, cause a Duplicate thereof signed by them, to be delivered to the said Collector or Collectors, and shall also issue their Orders to the said Collector or Collectors, requiring him or them to collect and receive the respective Sums of Money made payable by such Rate or Assessment, and such Collector or Collectors is and are hereby authorized and required to collect and receive the same accordingly, and also Once at lead in every Month or oftener, if directed so to do by the said Commissioners, by Writing signed by their Clerk for the Time being, to pay the Money so to be collected andreceived by virtue of this Act, to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint to receive the same, to be applied to and for the Uses and Purposes herein-before mentioned; and all and every such Collector or Collectors shall, and is and are hereby required, at the Time of making every such Payment of the Money so respectively collected as aforesaid, to deliver to the Person or Persons empowered to receive the same, a true and exact Account of all Sums of Money received by them respectively, and also of such Sums of Money, Rates, or Assessments (if any) which shall remain uncollected, together with the Reasons why the fame have or had not been collected, to the end that it may appear whether such Non-payment or Non-collection happened through the Insolvency of the Person rated, or through the Default of the Collector or Collectors; and if any Person who shall be appointed, or accept the Office of Assessor or Collector in virtue hereof, shall afterwards refuse or neglect to take upon himself and execute his said Office, without shewing some reasonable Cause, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, for such Refusal or Neglect, or shall wilfully make Default in the Performance of the Duty of his said Office, or over-rate any Person or Persons, or collect more than the Sum which shall have been so rated or assessed as aforesaid, or otherwise misbehave himself therein, he shall for every such Refusal, Neglect, Default, or MUbehaviour, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered as other Penalties are herein-afterdirested to be recovered, and also be discharged from his said Office, if the said Commissioners shall think fit.

LXIII. And, in order to ascertain the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, be it further enacted, That the Commissioners

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30. 3V9

ers shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cJufe 1,e

any of the Books or Assessments of Rates towards the Reliefof the Poor

of the said Parish of Sculcoates, and if they shall think fit, any of the Books KaIt bjo((,

or AfirfiVnents of the Land Tax to be brought before them, and to take nr Lmd r»*

Copies of such Books or Assessments, or of any Part thereof, without Pee Booksbe

or Reward; and if any Person or Persons in whose Custody or Power any ^/c'pier

of the said Bo; ks or Assessments shall be, shall refuse or neglect to attend uiefeoimade.

the said Commissioners with such Books or Assessments, or to permit them

to take Copies thereof* then and in every such case such Person who shall

so refuse or neglect, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any

Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

L.XIV. And be it further enacted, That if such Aff (for or Assessors if Assessor«

HialI at any Time or Times hereafter, in any Rates or Assessments by him afief- 'h* or them to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act* neglect or omit Ra'<'s 'Pr°-to rate or afffs any Pet Ion or Persons I.able to pay or to be charged ^'(/jner"* with such Rates or Assessments, or shall in such Assessments under-rate m,y »mend any such Person or Persons liable to pay such Rates or Assessments, then or *it" 'be and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to old Rates-rate and affels in the said Rates or Affrffiv.ents, such Person or Persons so omitted to be rated and assessed, and to raise such Person or Persons so under-rattd, or amend such Rates or Assessments as aforesaid, in such Manner as to the said Commissioners shall leem just and reasonable; and that the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to (bike out the Name or Names of any Person or Persons whom they shall determine not to be liable to the Payment of the Rates hereby directed to be made, and that all such Additions to or Alterations in the old or former Rates or Assessments, shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatiot ver, as if the fame had been Part of the original, or old or former Rates or Assessments; any Statute, Law,

-Lifage, or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding,

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if the Tenant or Occupier of Tcnantsto any Messuage, House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Building, Garden,

Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, upon or in respect of which any Rare or Affiffmenc shall be charged or unposed by virtue of this Act*

shall at any Time neglect or refuse to pay the Rates or Sums of Money which shall be so rated or assessed as aforesaid, for the Space of Fourteen Days afrer the same shall be due, and Demand made thereof by Notice in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Collector or Collectors of the said Rates, to be ilelivrred to such Tenant or Occupier, or left at his or her Dwelling House, or usual or lait Place of Abode, or at the Tenement occupied, then upon Proof thereof upon Oath (or Affirmation being a Quaker) before any Justice of the Peaee for the said East Riding, the same shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale uf the Goods and Chattels of every such Tenant or Occupier, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Sum or Sums due in respect of such Rates or Assessments, and all Charges and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels, upon Demand.

5 F

\Loc. y Per.]

39°

How Rue* to be paid by Tenantiquitting or entering.

Persons removing.

Jf more than One Tenant or Occupier any One may be liable to pay the Rates.

Exemptim from Rates.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

LXVI. And be it further en idled, That in all Cases where any Person shall remove from or quit any Messuage, Warehouse, Building. Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament which shall be rated or iHjefTed by virtue of this Act, I’uch Person shall be liable to pay such Rates or AssessVnenn in proportion to the Time that he or she qccupied the lame, in like Manner as if such Person or Persons bad not removed or quitted the fame; and in all Cases where any Peflon shall come into or occupy any such Messuage, Warehouse, Buildings, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, out of or from which any other Person who shall have been rated or afTcffed for the same shall be removed, or which at the Time of making any such Rate or Assessment was or were empty or unoccupied, the fame shall, for and in rcl'pet t of his. her, or their Occupation thereof, be liable to any such Rate or Assessment in proportion to the Time that he or she shall occupy the lame, in the same Manner as if he or she had been originally rated or aflcfTed for such Messuage, Warehouse, Buildings, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which said respective Proportions, in case of Dilpuie, shall be Ic.tled and ascertained by the said Commissioners in such Mariner as thry shall judge reasonable; and in case any Person who having been lb rated and assessed as aforesaid, shall quit his or her Messuage, Warehouse, Building, Girden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, before he or she shall have paid such Rate or Rates, or proportionable Part or Parts thereof, by him or her due and payable, and shall afterwards refuse or neglect to pay the same when demanded, it shall and may be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said East Riding of the County of Toik, or for the City, County, Riding, Division, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Person shall remove to or reside, or where any Goods or Chattels of such Person shall be found (which Warrant such justice is hereby required to grant upon Proof made of the Sum so due, before him, upon Oath of a credible Witness or Witnesses (or Affirmation being a Quaker) to levy such Rate or Ra'es or proportionable Part or Parts thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels ofluch Person, rendering the Overplus, and the Goods and Chattels remaining (if any be) upon Demand, after Payment of the Money due in rcf’pecc of such unpaid Rate or Rates, or proportionable Part or Parts, and all Expences attending the Recovery thereof, unto the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chattels have been so distrained and fold.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Messuage, Warehouse, Building, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, which shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, shall be let or demil'ed to more than One Tenant or Occupier, any One or more of such Tenants or Occupiers shall be deemed the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, for the Purposes of this Act, and the said Rates or Assessments shall be levied by Distress and Sale in Manner last herein-before mentioned, of all or any of the Goods and Chattels in such Messuage, Warehouse, Building, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be rated, or pay the Rates or AfTdTments which shall be made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, who shall occupy a House or Houses . 2 within

39*

4.ie GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

within the said Parish of less than the Yearly Value of Eight Pounds, ana no Rate or Assessment shall, by virtue of this Act, be charged or made payable by any Person who, by reason of his or her Poverty only, is or shall be excused from paying any Rate made for the Relief of the Poor, nor shall any Person be charged or rated in or by such Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, in or on account of any Lands whatsoever, which shall at any Time of making any such Rate or Assessment be used as Arable Land, Meadow or Pallure Ground only, and shall not adjoin to some Street, Square, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place which shall be watched ana cleansed in virtue or pursuance hereof.

LXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Messuage, Houfr*,£^r. Warehouse, Building, Garden, Tenement, or Hereditament, hereby made u"t°tc'ub^le" liable to be rated or adefied, shall be charged or chargeable with any cd°

Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, during the Time the lame shall be

empty or unoccupied.

LXX. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted, That no Messuage, Dock Com-Warehouse, Buildings, Lands, or Tenements, or any other of the Poficf- pony’s Meffions of the Dock Company at Kingston-upcn-Hull, shall be charged or chargeable with any Rate or Assessment by virtue of this Act.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be rated, or Exemption pay the Rates or Assessments which shall be made by virtue or in pur- from Rates, fuance of this Act, for the Purpose of purchasing such Lamps and other Requisites attending the lighting thereof as aforesaid, for or in respect of any Houses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Stables, Coach Houses, Brewhouses, Granaries, Malthouses, or ocher Buildings, Lands, and Premises situate in fuc'h Part of the Parish of Scultoates aforesaid, as the Dock Company of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid are, by Act of Parliament, Covenant, or otherwise, obliged to provide or furnish with Lamps, Lamp Polls, Lamp Irons, Lamp Oil, and other Requisites attending the lighting thereof.

LXXII. And whereas there are and may be several Messuages, Build- Commission-ings, Tenements, Lands, and Grounds, which by reason of their Distance Approbation from the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, or publick Passages and Places, can of juilicei. receive little or no Advantage from the general watching, lighting, or 'o adjudge cleanfu g thereof, and others which are or may be so situated or circum-itanced as to render it unnecessary or inexpedient to light, watch, or bef' j not cleanse the fame; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to adjudge and determine, with the Approbation of Two or more Justices of the Peace for the East Riding of the said County of York, not being Commissioners under this Act, how far it may be expedient to light, watch, or cleanse such distant Place or Places so situated as aforesaid, and which of the Messuages, Buildings,

Tenements, Lands, and Grounds, shall be liable to berated and afllfT-ed as herein-before is directed, and that it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners to lay any Rate or Assessment on such Messuages, or other Premises, as they shall so adjudge and determine, with such Approbation as aforesaid, to be at such Distance, or to be so circumstanced as not to receive adequate Advantage from the general Purposes of this A t.

392

Person* aggrieved by Rates may aDply to the Commission-cn.

The Pavements of publick Buildings to be under the fame Regulations as those of private ones.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments, which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may first apply for Relief to the Commissioners, at the First or Second Meeting to be holden next aftrr Demand shall be made of such Rate or AflcITment, and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think the Person or Persons aggrieved, to give loch Relief in the Pretnifes as Co them shall seem reasonable; and if any Person or Persons to applying to luck Commissioners, shall not be satisfied with their Order or Determination, or such Application shall not be artended to by the Commissioners, at such First or Second Meeting as aforesaid, then such Person or Persons shall nevertheless be obliged to pay such Rate, and then and not before mav appeal in the Manner herein- after mentioned to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden in and for the Fall Riding of the said County of York, for Reliefin the Premises.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the present and future Foot-ways and Carriage Ways of or belonging to any Bridge or publick Building, now making or building, or which shall hereafter be made or built within the said Parish of SculcoaUs, shall be paved and kept in Repair at the Expence of the Person or Persons in whom such Bridge or publick Building is or shall for the Time being be vested, and that the present and future Footways and I arriage Ways of or belonging to, or before, behind, and at the Side of any Building now made or erected, or which shall or may hereafter be made or erected within the said Parish, and set apart or used for the Amusement of the Inhabitants thereof, or for the Town of Kitigston-upon Hull, or of the Publick in general, shall be paved and kept in Repair at the Expence of the Owners or Proprietors thereof for the Time being, and that the present and future Footways and Carriage Ways of or belonging to, or before, behind, and at the Side of any Church or Chapel now made or built, or making or building, or which shall hereafter be made or built within the said Parish, in Ease of the Parish Church of aforesaid, and to the Church Yard or

Burial Ground belonging to such Church or Chapel of Ease, and belonging to the said Parish, shall be p ved and kept in Repair at the Expence of the Churchwardens of the said Parish; but if such Church or Chapel or Burial Ground shall be built or made by any private Person or Persons, then the fame Footways and Carriage Ways shall be paved and kept in Repair by the Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors for the Time being of the fame Church or Chapel, or Burial Grounds and that the present and future Footways and Carriage Ways of or belonging to, before, behind, or at the Side of any Diffencing Meeting House or Meeting Houses, Yard, Chapel, or Burial Place, or Ground now made or built,’ or making or building, as well as such as shall hereafter be made or built within the said Parish, shall be paved and kept in Repair at the Expence of the respective Ministers and Deacons, or other Persons usually officiating the rein, or having the Care or Management of the fame; and all the fame Footways and Carriage Ways, and the Flagging and Paving thereof, shall be made, flagged, paved, repaired, amended, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and be fubiecc to the fame Regulations and Penalties respectively, and such Penalties shall be recovered rel’pec-

41° GEORGII lit. Cap. 36. 393

tively in the same Manner as is and are herein-before expressed, provided, and inflicted, concerning or with respect to the other Footways and Carriage Ways, in or of the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and publick Passages and Places, now made or built within some Part of the said Parish of Seul'coales.

LXXV. And, for the more effectually enabling the said Commission- Commissioners to execute the Purposes of this Act in the most expedient Manner, be *"l'mJl0'*er" it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and Moner°on°W they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, when they shall judge the Cred.tof it necessary, to borrow and take up at interest any Sum or Sums of Money, the Rates, not exceeding in the Whole at any one Time the Sum of Three Thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid, and by any Writing or Writings upon Vellum or Parchment, signed by the said Commissioners, to assign the said Rates or Assessments, or a competent Part thereof, to such Person or Persons as shall advance and lend such Money thereupon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with lawful interest for the fame, which interest shall be payable and paid Half Yearly, by the Treasurer for the Time being to the Commissioners, out of the Monies to arise or be levied by or from the said Rates and Assessments; and all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be advanced and lent, and the Intereifl thereof, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from Time to Time, free from all Charges, Taxes, and Deductions, out of the Money arising from the said Rates or AHeflYnents hereby authorized or directed to be made and levied as aforesaid, and of all Charges, 'Paxes, and Deductions whatsoever of the fame Principal Money, or the interest thereof; and all Persons who shall be possessed of the said Securities shall be Creditors on the said Rates or Assessments in equal Degree, without Preference in respect to the Time of his, her, or their advancing Money thereon, or otherwise howsoever; and every such Grant, Alignment, or Security shall be in Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

T? Y Virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of ^orm of'he ' King George the Third, intituled, [/el forth the Title of this ActT\ cuj*"'_or Se4

We of the Commissioners appoint-

ed by virtue of the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of

advanced and paid by to

the Treasurer appointed in pursuance of the said ‘ Act, upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the said A.ct, Do granc

and assign unto the said his Executors, Ad-

ministrators, and Assigns, such Proportions of the Rates or Assessments ‘ arising by virtue of the said Act as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which is or shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the same Act, to be had and holden from this

until the said Sum of

with interest at per Centum per Annum for the fame, to

be paid Half Yearly, shall be repaid and satisfied. in Witness whereof

we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, this Day of

And every such Grant or Mortgage shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law.

[Lot. (3 Per.] $G

394-

Notice to be given before Money shall be borrowed.

Securities may be transferred.

Form of

Assignment or Transfer.

Mortgages may b<* redeemed by Commissioners.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

LXXVr. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That before any such Money shall be so borrowed at Interest as herein-before mentioned, Fourteen Days Notice, signifying the Intention of borrowing such Money at Interest as aforesaid, shall be given and published in the Manner first herein-before mentioned with respect to other Notices to be given by virtue of this Act.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons entitled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands respectively, to af. sign or transfer such Securities, by Indorsement, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and the Person or Persons to whom such Assignment or Transfer shall be made, or the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to such Securities, may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame; and every such Assignment or Transfer, after the same shall respectively be entered by the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners, in the Manner herein-after directed, and which he is required to do for such Fee or Reward as is herein-after mentioned, shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, or who shall be for the Time being entitled thereto, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so assigned or transferred; and the Form of such Assignment or Transfer shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

T [or, We] being entitled to the Sum of payable with Interest, after the Rate of

payable to me [or, usj my [or, our] Executors,

‘ Administrators, or Assigns, by virtue of a Mortgage [or, Assignment] ‘ bearing Date the Day of

under the Hands and Seals of of the Commissioners

« acting in the Execution of an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [jet forth the Title of this ‘ Act\ upon the Credit, or arising out of the Rates or AfleAments

arising by the said Act, do hereby transfer all my [or,' our]

Right and Title in and to the fame and the Money now due

and to grow due thereon, unto his Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns, subject to such Right of Redemption

of the same Sum and Interest as by the said Act the fame is

liable or made subject to Dated this of

« in the Year

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Granr, Assignment, or Mortgage which shall be made by virtue of this Act for any Sum of Money which shall be borrowed by the said Commissioners on the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments as herein-before is mentioned, shall be made liable or subject to, and may be redeemed by the said Commissioners, at such Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit. Six Calendar Months previous Notice having been given to the Person or Persons entitled to such Sum lent on the Credit of such Rates or Assessments, by the said Commissioners, of their Intention of redeeming the fame, and full Payment of the Prin-

41° GEORGII tit. Cap. 3d*

cipal Sum so borrowed, and Interest, after the Rate at which the farrie shall befo borrowed, being made to such Person or Persons; and he, she, or they may and are authorized to call for the Payment thereof as he,

(he, or they shall think fit, giving the like Notice to the said Commissioners or their Clerk.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Interest for the rnterrftdf said Mortgages, or any Part thereof, shall be behind and unpaid by the Mong.gti Space of Thirty Days next after the same shall become due, and be payable as aforesaid, and have been demanded, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, on Application to them made by any Creditor or Creditors whose Interest shall be so in Arrear, by an Order under their Hands and Seals to appoint One or more Person or Persons to receive the Whole or any Parc or Parts of the said Rates or Assessments, and that the Money so to be received by such Person or Persons, shall be so received to and for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons to whom such Interest in Arrear shall be due, and shall be paid to him, her, or them accordingly; and when the Interest foin Arrear, as well as the Interest which shall accrueand grow due whilst the Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid shall be in the Receipt of such Rates and AflefiT.nents, together with the Costs and Charges of recovering, receiving, and paying over the fame in Manner aforesaid, shall be fully satisfied and paid, the Power and Authority of such Receiver or Receivers for the Purposes aforesaid shall cease and be it an End; or otherwise, if such Creditor shall think pro-.per, such Interest so due and in Arrear as aforesaid, shall and may be sued for and recovered by him, her, or them, with Costs of Suit, by an Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

LXXX. And whereas it may happen that there may from Time to Comir.ifliott-Time be in the Hands of the Treasurer for the Time being to the Com- ®rs missioners. a Sum or Sums of Money, or Balance unapplied or undifpof- 0(

ed of for the Purposes of this Act, which may be insufficient tq make any the Trea-considerable or general Reduction of the Rates or Assessments to be made turer undif-in pursuance hereof, or which it may be convenient or advisable not to £°f'ai°!i’uti'v apply in the Reduction thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That it the p'ur"hdfe shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think fit, to order of Stock, such Sum or Sums of Money or Balance to be from Time to Time placed out or inverted in the Names of the said Commissioners, or any Eight or more of them, in the Purchase of Stock in any of the publick Stocks or Funds, or in Government Securities, the Interest or Dividends of which shall be from Time to Time applied as the same shall become payable, in the same Manner as the Monies to be received by the Rates and Assessments to be made as herein-before mentioned are hereby directed to be applied; and the said Commissioners are hereby fully authorized and empowered to order, direct, and cause such Stock or Securities so to be purchased, to be from Time to Time altered, transferred, varied, or fold, and the Produce thereof again inverted and placed in the like Manner, or in the Redemption of any Grants or Mortgages for Sums of Money lent on the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments as aforesaid, or in the general Reductions of such Rates or Assessments, or for any t other

396 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30,

other Purposes for which the said Rates or AssessVnrnrs are hereby directed to be raised and levied, as to the Commissioners shall lerm expedienc or proper; and such Stocks and Securities, and the Interestand Divi-.dends, shall be charged with and liable to the Payment of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of the said Rates or AffiHTments as alore-said, in the same Manner as is herein-before directed concerning such Ratesor Assessments, and the Commissioners, in whose Names such Stocks or Securities shall have been purchased or inverted, a-e hereby required, on Ten Days Notice being given to them for that Purpose, to alter, transfer, vary, fell, or dispose of the fame in such Manner and for such Purposes as shall be required or dirteted in Writing by the said Commissioners, and if any such Commissioners, in whole Name any such Stocks or Securities as have been purchased or inverted, shall refuse or neglect so to do for the Space of Ten Days after being the reunto required as aforesaid, the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or other Books in which such Purchase or Inveltmenc shall have been made or entered, being then open for the Purpose of making Transfers or Sales thereof, then every such Commissioner shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and levied in like Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be recovered and levied.

Clerk to enter all Securities for Money borrowed.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Cltrk for the Time being to the said Commissioners shall enter in a Book, to be for that Purpose provided and kept, Copies of all Securities for Money borrowed on Mortgage by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and Extracts or Memorials of all Alignments or Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions of all such Persons as shall from Time to Time be entitled to such Securities by Mortgage, and also an Account of all such Stocks or Securities which shall be purchased by or by the Order of the Commissioners, and in whose Names the same shall have been so purchased, and of every Transfer, Alteration, Sale, or other Disposition thereof, to which Book and Books the Person and Persons interested shall at all seasonable Times have Access, with free Liberty to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward; and for the Entry of every such Transfer of the Grant or Alignment of the said Rates or AlTeflhnents, the said Clerk shall be paid, by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more; and after every such Entry made of any such Transfer, every such Transfer so entered, shall entitle the Person to whom the same shall be made, and his, her, or their Exe* cutor, Administrator, or Align, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred.

Application

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to be received received °and V|rtue of this Act, shall be from Time to Time applied and disposed the Treasurer of for the several Purposes of this Act (except as herein-before is men-to pay the tioned) or in such other Manner as the Commissioners shall direct, and fame as the £he Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners shall and is ^rs diTe'fl °n" hereby authorized and required to pay and apply all such Monies as he or ' ' they shall respectively receive by virtue hereof, to such Person or Persons and in such Manner, and at such Time and Times as the fai<J Commis-11 " floner*

397

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

sioners shall from Time to Time, by any Order or Orders under their Hands, direct and appoint; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make such Order or Orders accordingly.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Add to be incurred or imposed, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not herein otherwise directed, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences allowed, ordered, or directed to be paid by the Authority of this Act, or of any Rules, Orders, or Bye Laws made or to be made in pursuance thereof, shall from Time to Time be levied, recovered, or al'certained, and settled as follows; that is to say, all such Costs, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in case the fame is or are not paid by the Person or Persons incurring the fame, to the said Commissioners, or their said Treasurer or Clerk on Demand, or on Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the said Commissioners, or their said Treasurer or Clerk, being given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of residence or Abode, shall or may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons offending, or directed to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Riding, Division, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Offender or other Person shall be and reside, or where his or her Goods and Chattels shall be found, which Warrant such Justices of the Peace are hereby authorized and required to grant and issue, upon the Confession of the Party offending, or upon the Information of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (or Affirmation being a Quaker); and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Costs, Charges, and Expences, or any of them, shall not be paid on Demand, it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction in and for the said County of York, or of the City, Counry, Riding, Division, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, as the Case may be, or such Person or Persons may be committed to the Place which shall be provided for Persons offending against this Act in Manner herein-before mentioned, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months nor less than One Calendar Month, unless such Costs, Charges, and Expences shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and in all Cases of Distress and Sale as aforesaid, the Overplus (if any) of the Monies to aril'e thereby, after deduding the Costs and Charges attending the Recovery of such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Costs, and all other Expences incident thereto, shall be paid, upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distressed and sold as aforesaid.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the refjpedive Penalties, Forfeitures, and Costs, when recovered by this Act, shall be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall think proper and di-red, and shall be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

;} [Loc. y Per.} 5 H

For Recovery and Application of Costs, Penalties, and Forfeiture.

Directing the Application of Penalties, Forfeitures, and Costs.

39

For reward, ing Informers.

Directing the Manner of

fervine Notices.

Proceedings to be within Six Months.

In Cases of Verdict in favour, Persons Convitterl to pay Coils.

Declaring that Inhabitants shall be competent Witnesses in all A&ioo*

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time, if they shall see Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures hereby made payable, or any of them, as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Moiety thereof respectively, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers of any Offence or Offences against this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXV], And be it further enacted and declared, That all Notices and Summonses which are directed or required to be given by this Act, or which are or may be directed and required to be given by any Rules, Orders, or Bye Laws made or to be made in pursuance of this Act, or which shall or may be necessary for carrying into Execution any of the Powers of the fame, or any of such Rules, Orders, or Bye Laws, of which the Manner of serving the fame is not particularly directed by this Act, the Service of any such Notice or Summons, eitheron the Person to whom the fame ought to be given, or leaving the fame, or a true Copy thereof* ligned by the Clerk for the Time being to the Commissioners, at his or their Dwelling House, or usual or last Place of Abode, shall be good and sufficient Service of any such Notice or Summons; and that in all Cases whatsoever where any such Notice or Summons ought to be given to Two or more Persons for orrespecting any Offence or Offences against this Act, or the joint Act, Omission, Offence, or Default of any Persons who shall be in Partnership or jointly concerned in such Act, Omission, Offence, or Default, the like Service of any such Notice or Summons on any-one of such Partners or Persons, shall be a good and sufficient Service thereof.

LXXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by virtue of this Act for any Offence or Offences against this Act, or against any Rule, Order, or Bye Law to be made in pursuance thereof, unless some Proceedings, or Notice of some intended Proceedings, shall be had or given, according to the Direction of this Act, or of such Rule, Order, or Bye Law respecting such Offence or Offences, within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence committed.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Actions shall be brought by Order of the said Commissioners against any Person or Persons, for any Thing relating to this Act, or the Powers herein contained, and a Verdict shall be had and given against the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Actions shall be brought, such Person or Persons shall pay Double Costs; and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in focn Action or Actions shall have such Remedy and Remedies for recovering the fame, as any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may have for his, her, or their Costs in any other Cafe by Law.

LXXXIX. And it is hereby farther enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutio'ns, Informations, and C-aufes of Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of this Act, or of any Rule, Order, or Bye Law, made io pursuance thereof, any Inhabitant of the said Parish

of

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30. 399

W Sculcoates shall and may be admitted to give Evidence, not.withstand- concerning

ing his or her being such Inhabitant. t!ie

° 0 tionoftbis

Act.

XC. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be Forcompel-summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before the said l*ng the At-Commissioners, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for any County, Riding, District, liberty, Division, or Place whatsoevey, touching any Matter of Fast contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, or against any Ryle, Order, or Rye Law made in pursuance thereof, whether on the Part of the Prosecytors or of the Person or Persons complained of, and which Summorfs the said Commi Blotters and such Justices as aforesaid are hereby authorized to issue, where and in such Cases only as such Commissioners, or such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, as the Case may be, are made competent by this Act to hear and determine the fame; or if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said East Riding of the County of York, or Adjournment thereof upon any Appeal by virtue of this Act, as hereinafter is mentioned, whether upon the Part of the Appellant or of the Re-fpondenc, and any such Person or Persons so summoned as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time and Place so be for that Purpose appointed, with a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect, to be approved of by such Justice or Justices, Commissioners, or other Person or Persons hereby authorized to receive such Evj-dence, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath (or on solemn Affirmation being a Quaker) and to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Commissioners as aforesaid, or at any such Set-lions or Adjournment thereof, then and in either of the said Cases every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

c

XCI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Persons talc. Person or Persons, who shall be con vifted of wilfully taking a false Oath ln8 a-false in any of the Cases in which an Oath is by this Act directed or required ^.jj1 t°fbe to be taken, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons perjury. are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XCII. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, or against any Rule, Order, or Bye Law, to be made in virtue or pursuancC thereof, and over which such Justice or Justices has or have Conufance, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form of Words, or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

East Riding of che County 7 BE it Remembered, That on the Form of

'of York.xo wit. j < O j)ay ()f [he Convidiioa.

‘ Year of the Reign of His Majesty King One thousand eight hundred and is [or are] convicted before

me [or us, as the Case shall be~\ One [or Two, as the Case shall be\ of

His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Last Riding of the County of York* by virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of '* the Reign Of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here insert

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

‘ the Title of this Act] of [specifying tbt

‘ Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame was committed,

as the Case shall be] contrary to a certain Bye Law made on the

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

« pursuant to the said Act, for which Offence I [or we, as

‘ the Cafe shall be] adjudge the said to have

« forfeited the Sum of [but if mitigated, which I, or

1 we as the Case shall be, mitigate to the Sum of

Given under my Hand and Seal [or our, as the Case shall be, Hands

and Seals] the Day and Year first above written.’

Diflrefsnot XCIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be u°nWfu*7or mat*e ^or any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, Warn of the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties

Form. making the same be deemed a Treffpasser or Treffpassers on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant, or Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Treffpasser or Treffpassers, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done or committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction fur the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe j but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity or other Proceedings, unless Notice in Writing shall be given to the Cleric for the Time being to the said Commissioners Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be brought or commenced, of such intended Action for such Irregularity, by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregularity or wrongful Proceeding before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into such Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgements shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Protted'iig3 XCIV. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had and qulshed lor taken in p’urfuance of this Act, shall be made void, quashed, or vacated Want of for Want ofform, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Pro-Form. Cess whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

In i*n» *1 , 1

Limitation of XCV. And be it further enacted, That no Action, Suit, or Informa-AdioDs. tion, shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, or of the Orders and Directions herein-before given and granted, or in Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereof, until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be first given in Writing to the Clerk to the Commissioners for the Time being, signed by the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, of the Cause and 3 Intention

4-oi

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Intention of and for commencing such Action or Suit, and the Time when such Action or Suit will be commenced, nor at any Time whatsoever, after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, Hull be lb brought; and in Cafe there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then not after Six Calendar Months next after the doing or commencing such Damage shall cease, and not otherwise; and all such Actions and Suits shall be laid and tried in the County of York, and not in any other County or Place; and that the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suitor Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act, or of some Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in pursuance thereof; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall happen that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time herein- before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and also if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions or Judgement, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or if Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, or if any Verdict shall pass upon the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or may have for his, her, or their Cods, in any other Cases by Law.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall personsag. think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment grieved may to be laid orassessed, or by any Order or Judgement made or given, appeal to the or any other Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or of any Rule Sessions> or Bye Law to be made in virtue thereof, such Person or Persons shall and may, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen under, or from any Act or Acts made or done by the said Commissioners, or of any Justice or Justices acting in and for the said East Riding of the County of York, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden in and for the said East Riding of the County of York, such Appellant in either Cafe first giving or causing to be given Twenty-one Days Notice at the lead in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners, in case such Appeal is from any Act or Acts made or done by the said Commissioners, or of any Justice or Justices acting in and for the said East Riding of the County of York, and to the Person or Persons who is or are interested, to be or m3y be affected by any such Appeal, and within Twenty-one Days after Notice entering into a Recog-[L«r. fc? Per.'] 5 I nizance

402 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

nizance before some Justice of the Peace of the said East Riding of the County of York, as the Case of such Appeal shall be, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned jo try such Appeal, and to abide such Order as shall be made, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment thereof, shall and may summons the Witnesses both on the Part of the Appellant and Respondent, to appear at such Sessions, and upon due Proof of Notice having been given, and of entering into Recognizance as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of every such Appeal in a summary Way, and shall award such Restitution, Damages, and Costs, to the Party or Parties appealed against, and with or without the Whole or any Part of the Costs, Charges, and Expences of prol’ecuc-ing or defending such Appeal, as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all In. tents and Purposes.

Publick Act- XCVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*i|Hi*- -*«i|f '*-

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River "Thames at or near a Place called Wilkinson s Gun Wharf\ in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Mitcham., in the Parish of Mitcham, in the said County: And also divers Collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of Surrey and Kent.

[21st May 1801.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Making and Maintaining of a Canal for the

Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the River ‘Thames, at or near a certain Place called Wilkinson's

Gun Wharf, in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Mitcham in the Parish of Mitcham in the said County and the Making and Maintaining of divers Collateral Cuts or Branches for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the said Canal to the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places hereinafter particularly mentioned, will greatly facilitate, and render less expensive, the Carriage and Conveyance of Coals, Timber, Stone, Iron, Copper, Bricks, Tiles,

Cap. 31.

[Lit. a Per.]

SK

Chalk,

<ro6

Proprietor!

Names.

Incorporat-

ed,

Their Style.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Chalk, Lin e, Fuller’s Earth, Charcoal, Manures, Manufactured and Foreign Goods, with Corn, Hay, Straw, Hops, and other Vegetable Productions, and of all Wares, Goods, and other Articles; and will materially and considerably improve the Agriculture of the circumjacent Country, and will otherwil’e be of great Private and Public Advantage: But as the fame cannot be effected without the

Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by and with the Authority of the same, That William Atkinson, Samuel Brandram, William Bancks, ‘James Bates, Benjamin Batley, Belluncle, Black/louck, Stephen Clinch, William

Crawjhaw, Ralph Dodd, John Dudman, Joseph Dajlin, Edward Edwards, Mary Edwards, William Brown Edwards, Sir James Efdaile, Hammst and Company, Samuel Edwards, John Fentiman, Wil/cn Lorfler, William Lrjher, William Fisher Junior, John Gilbert, Green, John Cordon,

'Thomas Graham, ‘Thomas Hall, John Houghton, John Halt, Benjamin Hutton, Thomas Hainbfy, James Horsford, George Jeffreys, Thomas Jones, William John/on, C. P, Jones, C. E. Jones, John Jeffray, Edward Jones, Thomas Jackson, Christopher Johnson, Jane Jeffreys, Sarah Jeffreys, John Jeffreys, John Leach, John Middleton, John Morris, William Old, Oliver, James Poole, Edward Penny, John Pinhorn, Enos John Pinegar, Thomas Peckford, John Rowe, William Reynolds,

Rowcro/t, Lawrence Reynolds, John Richard Ripley, Charles Rogers, Ann Ramsey, Rowland Richardson, George Sc holey, Robert OJment Smyth, Thomas Smyth, David Stevenson, William Smyth, John Smyth, W. E. R. Smyth, Silver, Thomas Turner, Thomas Taylor, John Taylor, John Wilkinson, William Wells, Richard Wright, Joseph Woolmer, William Wation, John Wftion, William Wilson, together with such other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, as they, or the major Part of them present at the first General Assembly to be holden for the Purposes of this Act, shall nominate and appoint; and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, being Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Canal and Collateral Cuts or Branches hereby authorized to be'made, shall be, and are hereby united into a Company, for the carrying on, making, completing, and maintaining, the said Canal and Collateral Cuts or Branches, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions, hereinafter mentioned and expressed, and shall for that Purpose be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name and Style of .‘i The Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal," and by that Name thill have perpetual SuccefTton and a Common Seal; and by that Name shall and may sue, and be sued j and also shall and may have Power and Authority to purchase Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to them, their Successors and Assigns, for the Use of the said Canal, Branches, and Collateral Cuts, and for the several Works hereby authorized to be made, and for the several other Purposes herein mentioned, without incurring any of the Penalties or For-teitures of the Statutes of Mortmain; and also, to fell any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased for the Purposes aforesaid.

>5

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31. 407

11. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Proprietor* and for the said Company of Proprietors, to raise and contribute for

amongst themfrlves a competent Sum of Money, for making and main- making the taining the said Canal, Branches, and Collateral Cuts, and all the Feeders, Canal, by Basons, aqueducts, Ways, Roads, Inclined Planes, Bridges, Quays, ®.ha.,es . Engines, Watch-Houses, Offices, Sluices, Wharfs, and all other Works and Conveniences belonging or requisite thereto, not exceeding in the whole the 'ium of Sixty Thousand Pounds (save and except as hereinafter mentioned,) and that the lame shall be divided into Shares of One Hundred Pounds each; and that the said Shares shall be, and are hereby velfed in the several Persons so subscribing, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to their and every of their proper Ule and Benefit, proportionably to the Sums they shall severally raise and contribute; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severally subscribe for One or more Share or Shares, or such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, towards carrying on and completing the said Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cuts, and other the Purposes of the said Subscription, shall be entitled to, and receive the entire and nett Distribution of an equal proportionable Part, according to the Money so by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue by the Tolls, Rates, and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received, by the said Company of Proprietors by the Authority of this Act; and every Body Politic,

Corporate, and Collegiate, Person and Persons having such Property in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the fame in Manner herein directed and appointed; and they are hereby further authorized and directed to make, or cause to be made, a Dividend amongst the Share-Holders Twice a-Year and every Year, or oftener if they judge it expedient, of the Profits arising from the Rates, Tolls, and other Sum or Sums of Money by virtue of this Act authorized to be levied and raised, and (hat the First Dividend thereof be made on the First Day of ’’January One Thousand fc ight Hundred and Three.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and shares to be' Proportions of all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all personal other Person and Persons of and in the said Canal and Collateral tfllle-Cuts, or the joint Stock or Fund of the said Company of Proprietors,

shall be, and be deemed to be, personal Estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the Nature of real Property.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Subscribera Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons who shall, to have a by virtue of this Act, have subscribed or undertaken for One Share in Vole for the said Undertaking, his, her, or their, respective Successors, Execu- e,ery Share tors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have a Vote in the several Assemblies to be holden as hereinafter appointed for carrying on the said Undertaking, for every such Share, but not exceeding Ten Votes in the whole, although possessed of more than Ten Shares; which Vote or Votes may be given by them, him, or her, or by their,

his.

408 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

his, or her, Proxies or Proxy, constituted under the Seal of such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or the Hand and Seal of such other Person, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good, sufficient, and valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Principal had voted in Person; and every Question, Matter, or Thing, which shall be proposed, dif-ciuTcd, or considered, in any General or Special Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then present: Provided nevertheless, That no Person shall give or deliver in Proxies for more than Ten Share-Holders; the Appointment of which Proxies may be made according to the Form following:

Form of Appointment of

Proxies.

I A.B. of

A One of the Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal, do

hereby nominate, constitute, and appoint C.D. of

‘ to be my Proxy, in my Name, and in my Absence,

to vote or give my AfiTenc or Dissent, to any Matter, Business, or

Thing relating to the said Canal and Undertaking, that shall be

mentioned or proposed at any Assembly of the Company of Proprie- tors of the said Canal, in such Manner as he the said C.D. shall think proper according to his Opinion and Judgment, for the Benefic of ‘ the said Canal and Undertaking, or any Thing appertaining thereto. ‘ In witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal the

Day of

Authorizing V. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money herein-before Proprietors authorized to be raised shall be found insufficient for the making, completing, and maintaining the said Canal, Branches, and Collateral Sum 'if"3 Cuts, and other the Works hereby authorized to be made, and all necessary. necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto; then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute amongst themselves in Manner and Form aforesaid, and in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem meet, or to raise by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Thirty Thousand Pounds; and every Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, subscribing towards railing such further or other Sum of Money, shall be a Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Voce by himselfj herself, and themselves, or his, her, or their Proxy or Proxies, in re-speCl of every Ctae hundred Pounds of the said additional Sum so to be raised, and also be liable to such Forfeitures, and (land interested in all the Profits of the said Undertaking in proportion to the Sum he, she, or they shall or may subscribe thereunto, as generally and exten-lively to all Intents and Purposes as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for and raised, had originally been Part of the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds.

Power to

VI. Provided always, That in case the said Company of Proprietors raise Money shall be desirous of raising the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, by Mortgage. of

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31. 409

or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to borrow and take up at Interest, all or any Part of the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the Rates or Tolls of the said Canal,

Branches, and Collateral Cuts, and to assign the Property of the said Canal, Branches, and Collateral Curs, and the Rates or Toils arising or to arise to the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, or to mortgage any Part or Parts thereof, (the Costs and Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such Rate^ or Tolls,) as a Security for any Person or Persons, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who $*all advance the fame; all which said Assignments shall be made under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, in the Form or to the hffeft: following: (that is to say,)

DY virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-first Form of Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled. Mortgage, [Here Jet forth the Title of the Act,} We the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal, incorporated by and under the said Act, in consideration of the Sum of to us in Hand

paid by A.B. of do hereby bargain, lell,

and assign to the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

: the said Canal, Branches, Collateral Cuts, and all and singular the: Rater jnj f 0us £or part or parts, as the Case may be,) arising and payable to us by virtue of the said Act, and all our Estate, Right, Title, and 1 Interest of, in, and to the fame, to hold unto the said A.B. his Executors,

‘ Administrators, and Assigns, until the said Sum of ‘ with Interest for the lame after the Rate of per Centum

‘ per Annum shall be fully paid and satisfied,

‘ Given under our Common Seal this Day of

And all and every Person or Persons to whom such Assignment shall be made, shall be equally entitled One with the other to their Proportion of the said Rates, Tolls, and Premises, according to the respective Sums in such Assignments mentioned to be advanced, without any Preference, by Reason of Priority of any such Assignment, containing the Date, Name or Names, Addition or Additions of the Person or Persons to whom made, the Sum of Money borrowed, and Rate of Interest, withifi Thirty Days from the Date of every such Assignment, be entered in One or more Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, which Book or Books shall and may be perused at all seasonable and convenient Times, by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Canal, its Branches or Collateral Cut or Cuts, and any other Person or Persons interested therein upon Payment for every such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling; and the Person or Persons to w.iom such Mortyege« Assignrtient shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to may be the Money due thereon, shall and may, from Time to Time, transferred, transfer his, her, or their Right or Interest therein, to any Person or Persons, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, in the Form and to the Effect following:

(that is to say,)

[Lot. & Per.}

5 I

I A.B.

4io

Form of Transfer.

Interest of Money borrowed to be paid in Preference to Dividends.

Notice to be given of paying off Money.

Assignees not to vote on account of having lent Money.

First and General Assemblies.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

I A.B. of in consideration of the

Sum of paid by C.D. of

do hereby transfer a certain Mortgage, f made by the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal, to

bearing Date the Day of

for securing the Sum of

and all Interest now due, and to become due thereon, and all my

Right and Property therein, to the said C.D. his Executors, Admi-

nistrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of

And every such Transfer shall, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, be produced to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall cause a Memorial to be made thereof, in like Manner as of the original Mortgages or Alignments, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and every such Entry, made of such Transfer, shall, from thenceforth, entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the full Benefit of the original Mortgage; and it shall not from thenceforth be in the Power of any Person or Persons, who shall have made any such Assignment, to make void, refeafe, or discharge the original Mortgage, or any Money thereby secured, or any Parc thereof; and the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed or raffed by Mortgage as aforesaid, shall be provided for and paid Half Yearly, to the several Persons entitled thereto, before any Interest or Dividends, due to the said Company of Proprietors, or any of them, shall be paid, made, or divided.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Sum or Sums of Money so lent and advanced on Mortgage shall be paid off and discharged, (save and except with the Consent or Consents of the Person or Persons so lending and advancing such Sum or Sums of Money,) unless Six Calendar Months previous Notice, under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, shall have been given to the Person or Persons lending and advancing such Sum or Sums of Money, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, of such their Intention to pay off and discharge the same.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person to whom any such Assignment shall be made or transferred as aforesaid, shall be capable of acting or voting by virtue of such Assignment, either as Principal or by Proxy, at any Assembly or Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, for or on account of his or her having lent or advanced any Money on the Credit of such Assignment.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall assemble within Ten Days after the passing of this Act, at the London Tavern, in the City of London, between the Hours of Eleven in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, for the Purpose of putting this Act in Execution, and shall afterwards, on the Third Lue/day in the Month of April in each and every Year, assemble at such Place and at such Hour, not being more than Five Miles distant from the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any Assembly appoint, and

4ii

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

in case no Place or Hour shall have been so appointed, then such General AfleiDbly shall be holden where the last General Assembly was holden.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors Chairman to at their respective Assemblies shall and may appoint a Chairman, and ljcaf’P0‘|ue|b such Chairman shall not only vote as a Proprietor or Proxy, but in

case of an Equality of Votes shall have the decisive or calling Vote.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors Committee* shall, at their said First General Assembly, nominate and appoint by Ballot tobr aP-Five or more Persons of and out of the Proprietors of the said Com- P0lnttd-pany to be a Committee for the Management of the Concerns of the said Company, until the next General Assembly to be holden on the Third Tuesday in the Month of April then next ensuing, and the Power of the said Committee shall then cease and determine; and the said Company of Proprietors assembled at such General Assembly, shall proceed to the Nomination and Appointment of another Committee, or may reappoint the fame Committee, or any Member or Members thereof, and so in like Manner at every ensuing General Assembly, and the Powers of f.ich Committee shall continue until the next General Assembly, and shall then cease and determine; but noPerl'on or Persons holding any Place,

Office, or Employment, or having any Contrail with or under the said Company, shall be capable of serving upon any Committee during the Time of his Continuance in such Place, Office, or Employment, or holding such Contrail; Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors at any special Assembly to be convened in Manner herein directed, to remove any Member of the said Committee, and to nominate any other Person qualified as aforesaid, in the Room or Stead of every Member of the said Committee who shall die, be so removed, refuse to ail, or shall hold any Place, Office, or Employment, or have any Contrail under or with the said Company, or shall cease to be a Proprietor in the said Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, and every Person so nominated by the said Special Assembly shall have the like Power and Authority as if he had been nominated by the said General Assembly.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Proprietor* for the said Company of Proprietors, at any General Assembly, to order tnalce and dispose of the Custody of their Common Seal, and the life and B},c Laws. Application thereof, and to make such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, for the good Government of the said Company and of the said Committee, and of their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, and for the whole, complete, and total Superintendance and Management of the said Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, and of the Bargemen, Watermen,

Boatmen, and others, who shall navigate, or who shall convey any Timber, Stone, Goods, Wares, or any other Article or Thing upon any Part of the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, and to impose and inflidl such reasonable Fines or Forfeitures upon all Persons who shall offend against such Rules, Bye L.aws, or Orders, as to them shall seem meet, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any-one Offence; which said Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, being reduced into *7 Writing,

4i2 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Writing, under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, and being printed, shall be binding upon arrd observed by all Persons

using or in any Way concerned in the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the fame, provided that they be not inconsistent with, or repugnant to, the Laws of this Realm or to the Provisions and Drreftions in this Act contained, or to any of them, and all Accounts of Money received, laid out, and disbursed on account of the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, or of any of the Works thereunto belonging, by the Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Clerk or Clerks, and other Officers by them appointed, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever, employed by, or concerned furor under them in and about the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cuts, or the Works thereto belonging, shall be laid before the said General Assembly to be audited and settled, but no Vote or Votes by Proxy shall be given or have any Power in or as to the Audit and Settlement of Accounts, and the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time to such Place or Places as shall at such General Assemblies be thought proper and convenient.

General

AssembHes

Shares.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at any such General Assembly there shall not be Persons present, either as Principals or or rh ofing proxjes wh0 p0flefifed of or entitled unto at lejft One

Comnrntee1! ’ r.

tn consist of Hundred and I en Shares in the said Undertaking, no Choice of any 0--Hundred Committee shall be made at that Time, but in such Case there shall be and Ten another General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors at the same Place upon or before that Day Fortnight, and so from Time to Time until there shall be such Persons present at such General Assembly having such Number of Shares as aforesaid, and such Choice of such Committee shall then take place and not before; and of every such adjourned Meeting Seven Days’ Notice shall be given in One or more London Newspaper or Newspapers, and in One or more Newspaper or Newspapers printed and circulated in the Counties of Surrey and Kent; the Persons then chosen to be of such Committee shall have the fame Powers which they would have had, and shall continue in such Office until such Time as they would have done had they been chosen by any such General Assembly on the Day first appointed for holding the fame; and in caie of Failure of the assembling of a sufficient Number of Proprietors having such Shares as Principals or Proxies at such General Assembly, every Proprietor who shall not attend such second or adjourned General Assembly in Person or by Proxy, shall forfeit to the said Company of Proprietors for every Vote which he or she shall possess in the said Undertaking, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be deducted out of his or her next succceding Payment of Interest or Dividends of the Profits of the said Undertaking as the Case may happen: And in case no interest or Dividends shall be payable to such Person or Persons making Default as aforesaid, within Six Calendar Months next after the making of such Default, then the Payment of the said Forfeiture of Twenty Shillings on every Share may be recovered and enforced by the Ways and Means hereinafter appointed for the Recovery of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31. 413,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear A/fembly of that for the more effectually putting this Act into Execution a Special

Assembly of the said Company of Piopriecors is necessary to be holden, con.PCC1 it shall and may be lawful to and for any Five or more of the said veoed. Proprietors who may collectively be possessed of or entitled unto Ten

Shares at the lead in the said Undertaking, to cause Fourteen Days Notice at lead to be given thereof in One or more London Newspaper or Newspapers, and in One or more Newspaper or Newspapers printed and circulated in the said Counties of Surrey and Kent, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General Assembly direct or appoint, specifying in such Noticejffie Reason and Occasion of requeding such Special Assembly, and the Time when and Place where the same shall be holden, which Place dull be within Five Miles of the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts; and the said Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice; and such of them as shall be present, shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given to the said Company of Proprietors with respect to the Matters so specified only; and all such Acts of the Proprietors or of the major Part of them met together at every such Special Assembly, (provided such major Part shall be possessed of at lead One Hundred and Ten Shares in the said Undertaking either as Principals or Proxies,) shall be as valid with respect to the Matters specified in such Notice as if the fame had been done at any General Assembly.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to General

and for the said Company of Proprietors at any General Assembly, and AflVmbly to they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time to no- offi-

minate and appoint under the Common Seal of the said Company of cer,t Proprietors, a Treasurer or Treasurers, or One or more Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Rates and Tolls herein allowed to be demanded and taken, and also One or more Clerk or Clerks

to the said Company of Proprietors, and also to such Committee and such other Officers as to them shall seem meet, granting to them respectively such Salary or Salaries, and taking such Security for the due Execution of m<? take their respective Offices as the said Company of Proprietors shall think Security from proper; and such Clerk or Clerks shall, in- a Book or Books to be pro- ttiem‘ vided by the said Company of Proprietors for that Purpose, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and of the several Persons who shall from Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors of, or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of all Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions of the said Company of Proprietors and Committee respectively; and each of the said Proprietors of the said Undertaking shall and may at all convenient Times have Recourse to and perule and inspect the fame, paying for such Perui'al and Inspection the Sum of One Shilling, and no more, and may demand and have Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, paying for every Hundred Words so to be copied the Sum of Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words; and if any such Clerk or Clerks shall refuse to permit any Proprietor or Proprietors so interfiled as aforesaid to inspect and peruse such Book or Books [Lee. ft? Per.] J M of

4I4

Officers, tfe. to account.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

of Accounts and Proceedings at all convenient Times and Seasons, or refuse to make any such Copy or Copies at the Rate or Price aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fire Pounds; and in case by Reason of any Negligence, Misconduct, or Inability in any Treasurer, Collector, Receiver, or Clerk, or other Officer or Officers, it shall be requisite to displace or remove him or them, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietors assembled at such General or Special Assembly as aforesaid, or for the Committee of the said Proprietors, to remove such Treasurer, Collector, Receiver, Clerk, or other Officer; and in case any such Treasurer, Collectar, Receiver, Clerk, or other Officer, shall die, be removed from, or quit the Service of, the said Company of Proprietors, or of the said Committee, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors at their said General or Special Assemblies, or for the Committee of the said Proprietors, to appoint any other fit Person or Persons to execute such Office or Offices in the Place of the Person or Persons who shall so die, be removed from, or quit the Service of the said Proprietors or of the said Committee; but in case any new Appointment be made by the said Committee, the same shall only continue until the next General or Special Assembly of the said Proprietors, when the Appointment of such Person or Persons to such respective Office or Offices shall either be confirmed, or such other fit Person or Persons appointed to succeed to such Office or Offices as the said Proprietors at such General or Special Assembly may think proper.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall at such Time and Times and in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors or such Committee shall direct, deliver to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers and Person or Persons respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Company of Proprietors or to such Committee, or to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint; and if any such Officer or Persons shall refuse to produce or deliver up such Receipts or Vouchers, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by the said Company of Proprietors or by such Committee, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies, as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee, as they respectively shall direct or appoint, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors may, and are hereby

l41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31. 4*5

hereby authorised and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refilling as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, or if Complaint shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors or by such Committee, or by such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers,

Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall be and reside, such Justices may, and are hereby authorized and required by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers,

Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to be brought before them, and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected, raised, or received by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may, and are hereby authorized and required upon Nonpayment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and the Charges of making and levying the fame, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons shall (till persist in refusing or neglecting to deliver up all such Monies, Accounts, Receipts, Vouchers,

Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid to the Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee, or other Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, then and in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Goal for the said Counties of Surrey or Kent, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Company of Proprietors or with the said Committee, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they respectively shall appoint, and until he shall deliver up such Monies, Accounts, Receipts, Vouchers,

Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Company of Proprietors or to such Committee.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That at every Meeting of the Com- Powers of the mittee aChairman shall be chosen by and out of the said Committee, and Committees, that no Member of any Committee shall have more than One Vote upon any Question that may be agitated in the said Committee, except an Equality of Votes should happen, then the Chairman in that Cafe is to have the decisive or calling Vote; and that all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in or directed to be exercised by the said Committee, may be done and exercised by the major Part of the Persons present at their respective Meetings, the whole Number present not being less than Five j and every such Committee *6 shall

4-i6

Committed to make Calls.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

shall from Time to Time make Reports of their Proceedings to the said Assemblies, if required, to the said Special Assemblies of the Proprietors, and shall obey their Orders and Directions; and the said Committee shall (subject nevertheless at all Times to such Orders and Directions as aforesaid) meet at such Times and Places as they shall think fit; and in order to defray the Expences of their Meetings, the said Committee shall from Time to Time receive out of the capital Stock of the said Company of Proprietors, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed, adjusted, and settled by the said company of Proprietors; and the said Committee shall and may contract for and agree for the Purchase of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, that may be taken or used for the Purposes of the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, and the Works thereunto belonging, and shall and may settle, determine, and adjust, all Matters, Questions, and Differences, which shall or may arise between the said Company of Proprietors and the several Owners of, and Persons incerefied in, any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which shall or may be taken, used, damaged, or affected by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, and shall and may make Agreements, Contracts, and Bargains, with the Workmen, Agents, Undertakers, and other Persons employed or concerned in making and completing the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, and all and every Part or Parts thereof, and of the Works thereunto appertaining or belonging; and the said Committee shall (subject nevertheless to the Orders and Directions of such Aflcm-blies as aforesaid) have full Power and Authority to direct and manage all and every the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors; and the said Committee shall by themselves, or their Clerk or Clerks aforesaid, keep a full, correct, and true Account of all Money disbursed, and Payments made, by all and every Person and Persons employed by or under them, and of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which they shall receive on behalf, or in respect of the said Undertaking, from any Collector or Collectors of the said Rates, or other Officer or Officers, or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed in, or having any Concerns, Dealings, or Transactions with the said Undertaking, or in or'with any Parc or Parts thereof, and shall regularly by themselves, or their Clerks as aforesaid, write, insert, and enter in a Book or Books, to be from Time to Time provided at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors for that Purpose, Notes, Minutes, or Copies (as the Case shall require) of every such Contract, Bargain, Receipt, and Disbursement, and of all other their Orders and Proceedings; which Book or Books shall be deposited with and kept locked up under the Care and Direction of the said Committee.

XVIII. Provided always, That every Proprietor upon every reasonable Request, shall have free Access thereto for his, her, or their Inspection, on Payment for such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling; and the said Committee shall have Power from Time to Time to make such Call or Calls of Money from the Subscribers to, and Proprietors of, the said Canal to defray the Expences of, or to carry on the fame, as they from Time to Time shall find wanting and necessary for those Purposes, so that no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less

Share

41-?-

4*? GEORGII i III. Cap. p.

Share or Interest which any Person or Persons shall or may be possessed of, or en'itled unto, in the said Undertaking; and such Calls shall noc be made but at the Distance of Two Calendar Months at lead from each other, and Twenty-one Days’ Notice at the lead shall be given of all such Calls as aforesaid, by Advertisements in One or more London Netffpaper or Newspapers, and in One or more Newspaper or Newspapers, printed and circulated in the said Counties of Surrey and Kent-, and every Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her, or their rateable Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, to such I’crlon or Persons, and at such Time and Place as the said Committee shall from Time to Time appoint and direct; that if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part of the said Money so called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place appointed by such Committee, or within Twenty-one Days next ensuing, he, she, or they so neglecting or tefufing, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Share; and in case such Person or Persons shall continue to neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable Calls as aforesaid, for the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Time so appointed for Payment thereof then he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit his,: her, or their respective Share and Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof; all which Shares so forfeited shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors in Trull for, and for the Beqefit of all the Rest of the said Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Inrerefts in the said Undertaking, or shall, at the Discretion of the said General or Special Assemblies, be publicly fold for the Use of the Rest of the said Proprietors whole Shares and Interests shall not have been forfeited as aforesaid.

XIX. Provided nevertheless, That no such Forfeiture of any Share Shares may or Shares in the said Undertaking shall be, or be deemed to be incurred, be forfeited, save ana except personal Notice of such Call or Calls in Writing, signed but no Ad* by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Committee, shall have been given to beValfeVof the Ownee. or Owners of such Share or Shares respectively; and the Forfeiture fame Share or Shares shall likewise be declared to be forfeited at the without per-next General or Special Assembly of the Company of Proprietors. fonal Notic*-

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Owners of any On the Death Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall happen to die before such of Subscribers Call or Calls shall have been made for the full Sum or Sums to be ad- S^',re vanced on any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall have been Executors’ possessed of or entitled to, without having made Provision by Will may do it. or otherwise, how, or in what Manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how or by what Means the future Calls in respect:

thereof shall be paid to the said Company of Proprietors for the Purpose of the said Undertaking; then, and in such Case, the Ivxecutorsor Administrators of any such Owner so dying, or the Trustee or Trustees,

Committee or jCommittees of any Lunatic or Lunatics, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants of such deceased Owner, shall be indemnified against all and every such Infant or Infants, and against all and evtry other Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on account LLoC. fcf Per.-] 5 N of

4*18 41° GEORGII III. Cap.%\. bf his. her, hi* their having paid driy Sum or Sums of Money when passed for as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscripiion; and if such deceased Owner or Owners shall riot have left Alibis sufficient, or in case the Executors or Administrators, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians, shall refufr or negltfl to answer such Calls, the said Company of Proprietors fl14ll be, and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons so be a Proprietor or Proprietors of such deceased Owner or Owners, Share or Shares, on Condition that he, she, or they so admitted do, and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executors or Administra-tors of such deceased Owner or Owners, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or to any other Person or Persons who may be entitled to his or her Effects, the full Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners in his,'her, or their Life Time, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame can be sold for, and in case no Person or Persons shall be found who isv or are willing to be admitted on such Condiiioris as afefresaid, then and in such Case, such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to, and becyroe vested in the Rest of the said Company of Proprietors, in p oportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, and shall be subject to be sold and disposed of in like Manner as other forfeited Shares may be fold and disposed of by virtue oftnis Act.

Shares msy be fold.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, she, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in the Form or to the Effect following:

Form o( Conveyance of Shares. T A.B. of in consideration of * paid to me by C.D. of ‘ do hereby bargain, fell, and assign, and transfer to the said C.D. the 5 Sum of Capital Stock of and in the ‘ Grand Surrey Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cuts, being Part ‘ (or the Whole, as the Case may be) of my Share in the said Canal, ‘ to hold to the said C.D. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on ‘ the fame Conditions that I held the fame immediately before the Execution hereof; and I the said C.D. do hereby agree to take and ‘ accept the said capital Stock or Share of ‘ subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. As ‘ witness our Hands and Seals, the Day ot .’ And on every such Sale the said Deed of Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Sellers, and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares) shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers, for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors shall have entered in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale, for the Use of the said Company, and have testified or indorsed the Entry of

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 3r.

ef such Memorial on the said Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence Shall be paid; and the said Cleric or Clerks i? and are hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly, and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers foal) have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Canal,a,n,d, Colr lateral Cuts, nor any Interest for such SharelWnSharesr, paid to him, her, or them, nor any Vote in respect thereof as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Canal, its Branches and Collateral Cuts’.

on. i.;'ir . .-i) htiin, n »«i ! >-l i :i i

XXM. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such Money Shall have been; made by such Committee as. aforesaid, no Person or Persons Shall felt or transfer any Share or Shares which he. She, or chey Shall possess in the said Canal, on Pain of fprfpiting his, her. Of their, respe&i vc SSrare or Shares therein to the said Company of Prqr prietors in Trust for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors, unless he. She, or they, at the Time of such Sale or Transfer shall have paid and discharged to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so fold or transferred, such Forfeiture, nevertheless, to be notified and declared at a General or Special Allembiy in Manner before directed.

XXIII. And whereas much Inconvenience may arise by the frequent Change of the Right and Title to the Shares of and in the said Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, by the Marriage or Death of Proprietors, and it may be difficult in such Cases to ascertain to whom the Dividends arising or becoming due upon such Shares ought to be paid and do belong be it therefore enacted, That before any Person or Persons who Shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits arising from the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts in Right of Marriage, shall be entitled to receive the same, an Affidavit, containing a Copy of the Register of such Marriage or the RSeft of such Register shall be made, and sworn to by Some credible Person, before one of the Judges of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or One Mailer or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace; and the said Judges, Mailer or Mailer Extraordinary in Chancery, and Justices of the Peace, are hereby authorized and empowered to swear any such Person to such Affidavit; and such Affidavit Shall be transmitted to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, who Shaill file the fame, and make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept by the said Clerk or Clerks for the Entry or Transfers and Sales of Shares in the said Canal, and that before any Person or Persons who Shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Canal, by virtue of any Bequest or Will, or in a Course of Administration, shall be entitled to receive the same, the said Will or the Probate thereof shall be produced and lhcwn to the said Clerk, or an Affidavit, containing a Copy of so much of such Will as Shall relate to the Share or Shares of the Testator, or of the Letters of Administration in case the Proprietor shall have died in- testate

4*9

lo

np Snare io be fold until such Call shall be paid.

Regulations as so ihe Acquisition of shares.

By Marriage.

By Will, or in course of Admir.ihration.

t

420

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

restate shall be made and sworn to by any Executor or Executors of such Will, or by an Administrator or Administrators of the Estate and Effects, as the Case may happen to be,) before One of the Judges at Westminster, a Matter or Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall also be transmitted to the said Clerk or Clerks, who shall file and enter the fame in Manner herein mentioned.

Names of

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro-wheen'tered Pr'etors shall, and they are hereby required to cause the Names and pro-and Cer'ifiC- ’ Per Additions of the several Persons who shall be entitled to the Shares cates of their in the said Undertaking, with the Number of the Shares which they Shares deli. are respectively entitled to hold, and also the proper Number by which them '° every Share shall be distinguished, ro be fairly and distindlly entered in a Rook to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, and after such Entry to cause their Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and shall also cause a Certificate or Instrument, with the Common Seal of the said Company affixed thereto, to be delivered to every such Subscriber, upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he or she is entitled in the said Undertaking, every such Proprietor paying to the Clerk Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more, for every such Certificate or Instrument, and such Certificate or Instrument shall be admitted in all Courts whatever as Evidence of the Title of such Subscriber, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified; but the Want of such Certificate or Instrument shall not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shares from felling or disposing thereof.

Powers for

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to making the and for Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized

Branches and empowered to make and maintain a Canal navigable for Boats, and Col-’ Barges, and other Vessels, from or out of the River Thames, at or near lateral Cuts, a cercain Place called Wilkinson’s Gun Wharf, in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, to or near a certain Place called Woodpecker’s Lane, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the County of Kent, and from thence to, near, or through the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, and Places of Saint Giles, Camberwell, Walworth, Saint Mary, Lambeth, Kensington Common, Stockwell, Clapham, Balaam, alias Balham, Streatham, Upper Tooting, Lower Tooting, alias Tooting Graveney, to the Town of Mitcham, in the Parish of Mitcham, all in the County of Surrey; and also to make and maintain divers Collateral Cuts, and Branches, navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from and through the following Places; that is to say, From the said Canal, near to His Majesty's Vidhialling Office, into His Majesty's Dock Yards and Victualling Offices in the said County of Kent, and from Woodpecker's Lane to Butt Lane, in the Parishes of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the said County of Surrey, and Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the said County of Kent, and to Peckham, in the Parish of Saint Giles, Camberwell, in the said County of Surrey, and from and through the said Parish of Saint Giles, Camberwell, to Horsemonger Lane, in the Parish of Saint Maty, Newington, in the said County of Surrey, and from Kensington Common, in the said County of Surrey, to enter and communicate with the

River

421

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

River Thames, at or near a certain Place called Cumberland Gardens, at Vauxhall, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, in the said County of Surrey, and to supply the said intended Canal, itsBranches.and Collateral Cut or Cuts, whilst making, and at all Times for ever, after the same shall be made, with Water from the said River Thames, and from all Rivers, Brooks, Springs, Streams, Rivulets, and Watercourses, which shall be found in digging or making the said Canal, except within the Distance of Two Thousand Yards of the River Wandle, or of any Stream running into the fame; and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby also authorised and empowered by themselves and their Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Workmen, to make, for the Purpose of supplying with Water the said Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, or any Part or Parts thereof, such and so many Soughs, Basons, Reservoirs, Tunnels, Feeders, aqueducts, and Channels, as they shall think fit; and also, to cleanse, Icour, cut, dig, open, deepen, enlarge, or straighten, all Streams, Brooks, or Watercourses, which come or may be brought into, or made to communicate therewith respectively within the Distance aforesaid j and to dig, cut, or raise the Banks of the said River Thames, or of any other the Rivers, Streams, Brooks, and Watercourses aforesaid, for bringing Water into the said Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, and to make such proper Trenches or Passages for Water, in, upon, or through the Lands adjoining or near the said intended Canal, its Branches and Collateral Cut or Cuts, or Feeders, or any of them, or such Streams, Brooks, or Watercourses as aforesaid, or any of them, as shall be necessary or proper for effecting the several Purposts of this Act, within the Distance aforesaid; and, for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Workmen, are hereby authorised and empowered to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate whatsoever, and to survey and rake the Levels of the fame, or any Part thereof, and to set out and ascertain such Parts thereof as they shall think necessary and proper for making the said intended Canal, its Branches and Collateral Cut or Cuts, and any such Feeder or Feeders, Aqueductor aqueducts, Bason or Basons, Reservoiror Reservoirs, and Sluice or Sluices, and all such other Works, Matters, and Conveniences, as they shall think proper and necessary for making, prel’erving, improving, completing, maintaining, and using the said intended Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, Balons, and other Works; and also to dig, cut, trench, get, remove, take, and carry away, and lay Earth, Clay, Stone, Soil, Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel or Sand, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or got in making the said intended Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, or other Works, or in making any Bason or Basons, feeder or Feeders, Aqueduct or aqueducts, Sluice or Sluices, Locks, Inclined Planes, or Railways, out of, in, or upon the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons lying upon either Side of the said Cana), and which may be necessary, requisite, or proper, for making, carrying on, continuing, or repairing the said intended Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, Basons, or other Works, or which may hinder, prevent, or obstruct the making, using, or completing, extending, and maintaining the fame respectively; or [Lot. y Per. j 5 O th

422

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

the making, using, completing, extending, or maintaining of any such Basons, Feeders, Trenches, Passages, Aquedutts, and Watercourses, and other Works as aforesaid, as shall be deemed necessary or proper to convey Water to the said intended Lanai, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, or any or either of them; and also, to make, build, ered, and set up, in or upon the said intended Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, or other Works hereby authorised to be made, or any or either of them, or upon the Lands adjoining or near the lame respectively, such and so many Bridges, I’iers, Aichts, 'Funnels, Aqurdudts, Sluices, Locks, Flood-Gates, Weirs, Fens for Water, Water Stanks, Basons Docks, Dams, Drains, Wharfs, Quays, Watchhoulcs, Warehouses, Toll-houses, Landing-places, Weighing Beams, Cranes, Engines, Inclined Planes, or other Machines, Dry Docks, and other Works, Railways, Ways, Roads, and all other Conveniences, as and where the said Company of Proprietors shall think requisite or convenient for the Purposes of the said Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, and other Works, or any Part thereof , and also from Time to Time to alter, repair, and amend or discontinue the lame, and to divert, alter widen, enlarge, and extend any Bridges, Ways, Roads, Pillages, Cuts, Locks, Sluices, Tunnels, Basons, Feeders, Aqueducts, Trenches, or other Works and Conveniences, as well for the carrying and conveying of Coab, Stones, Tin, Lead, Iron, and other Minerals, Goods, Wares, Merchandises, and other Things to and from the said intended Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, as for the carrying and conveying of all Manner of Materials necessary for the making, erecting, finishing, altering, repairing, maintaining, amending, widening, or enlarging the said intended Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, and the Works of or belonging thereto, or useful for any Purpose therein-, and also to place, lay, work, or manufacture, the said Materials on the Lands or Grounds near to the Place or Places where the said Worksorany of them shall be or are intended to be made, erected; repaired, or done; and also to make, maintain, repair, or alter any Fences or Passages over, under, or through the said intended Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, or the Tunnels, Aqueducts, Trenches, Passages, Feeders, Watercourses, and Sluices respectively, which shall communicate therewith j and also to make, set out, and appoinc such Towing Paths, Banks, Roads, and Ways convenient for tow, ng, haling, or drawing of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels upon the said intended Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts,- with Men, Horses, or otherwise, and proper Places for Boats, Barges, arid other VclTeis navigated upon the said intended Canal, its Brandies, or Collateral Cue or Cuts, to turn, lie, or pass each offier, as they the said Company of Proprietors shall think convenient, and to confirm.t, erect, and keep in repair any Piers, Arches, Aqueducts, and other Works in, upon, ami aero Is any Rivers, Brooks, Streams of Water, or Bodies of Water, for the making, using, maintaining, and repairing of the said intended Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, and Trenches, and the Towing Paths on the Sides thereof within the Distance aforesaidj and also toconflruct, erect, make, and do all qthtr Matters and 1 hings which they shall think convenient and necessary for the making, effecting, extending, preserving, improving, completing, and using the said intended Canal, its Branches and Collateral Cut or Cuts, and other Works, in pursuance of and ac-, 9* . cording

423

41° GEO. III. Cap. 31.

cording ro the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, they the said Company of Proprietors, their several Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted, and making Satisfaction in Manner herein mentioned to the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of, and other Persons interested in, any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, Waters, Watercourses, Brooks, or Rivers respectively, which shall be taken, used, removed, diverted, or prejudiced, for all Damages to be by them sustained in or by the Execution of all or any of the Powers of this Act: And this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the Laid Company of Proprietors and their Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoever* for what they or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted, subject to such Provisoes and Restrictions as are herein mentioned: Provided always, That nothing Jicrein contained shall be tonflrued to extend to enable the said Company to take Water from the River Thames at any Place higher up the said River than Mortlake in tire County of Surrey: Provided nevertheless, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to execute or perform any of the Works, or exercise any of the Powers aforesaid in or upon any of the Lands or Grounds now belonging to Daniel Henry Rucker of Wandfwrth, Owen Putland M eyrie k of Moredon, John Hilbert of Wandf-viorth, William Plumer of Bilstone Lodge, in the County of Herts, Benjamin Oakley of Tooting, Thomas Platt and John Rice of Tooting, adjoining to the Line of the said intended Canal, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners and Proprietors of such Lands or Grounds for the Time being respectively; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstandingi

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for said Company of Proprietors to make a Railway or Railways, or any the Navigable Cut or Cuts, with a Towing Path or Towing Paths thereto, from the said Canal or any Part thereof, to any Place or Places within the Dilunce of Fifteen Hundred Yards from any Part or Parts of the said Canal, and such Railway or Railways, Cut or Cuts, when made and completed, shall be deemed and taken as Part or Parts of the said Canal for or in respetft of the Payment of Rates or Tolls thereon, and for every other life and Purpose of this Act: Provided always, That no such Railway or Railways, Navigable Cut or Cuts, shall be made through the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons, unless the Owner or Owners of, or any Person or Persons intcrefled in such Lands or Grounds, or the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of such Owners or Persons intcrefled as aforesaid, under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, Persons beyond the Seas, or under any'Other Disability, or incapable of acting for themselves, shall consent thereto; and it shall be lawful for any Bodies Politic or Corporate, being Owners of or interested in any such Lands or Grounds, and for any such Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies as aforesaid, to give such Consent, and to agree with the said Company of Proprietors for the Lands or Grounds to be made Use of for those Purposes, and the Damage occasioned thereby, and also to convey such Land or Ground to such Person or Persons accordingly j and that in all Cases

where

Authoring the Company to make Navigable Cuts and Towing-Paths from any Part of their Canal, first having the Consent of the Owners of Lands through which the same are to be made.

424 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

where any such Railway or Railways, Cut or Cuts, is or are to be made over any Common or Waste Land, the Consent of the Lord of the Manor only shall be deemed good and sufficient, and every such Consent and Agreement being reduced into Writing, and signrd and lealed by the respective Parties giving or making the lame, and also every such Convey* ance, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Bodies Politic and Corporate, and other Owners whomsoever; and the lame shall be made in the fame Form, and deposited and registered in the same Manner, as is herein-before directed concerning Conveyances herein-before mentioned: Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to make any such Cut or Cuts as aforesaid within the Distance of Two Thousand Yards from the said River Wandle, or of any Stream running into the same.

for protest-

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained tess of the*" extt-nd or he construed to extend to authoriseor empower the said

River Company of Proprietors, under any Pretence whatsoever, to take or

Wandlt. use, or suffer to be taken or used, into or for the Purposes of the said

Canal, or to flow or run into any Refcrvoir or Reservoirs, or other Works of or for the Use of the said Canal, any Water out of the River Wandle, or any Part of the Springs, Feeders, or Streams of Water which run into or appertain to the River Wandle, but that in all Cases where the said Canal shall be carried over or shall interfere with the said River or with the Springs or Streams of Water belonging to or entering into the said River or any of them, the said Company of Proprietors shall at their own Expence make and for ever afterwards maintain and keep in good and ptrfed Repair, proper and sufficienc Aqueduds, Culverts, Tunnels, Cast Iron Pipes, Trenches, and Drains, as the Case may require, for carrying and conveying such Springs and Streams of Water respectively, under or by the Side of the said Canal and Puddle or Pound round the fame, so that no Part of the said Springs or Streams of Water, or any of them, may enter the said Canal, but that the Whole of the fame may respectively be conduced to and run and flow in their respective, usual, and ordinary Course without any Loss or Diminution whatever.

XXVIII. And be it further en3ded, That where the f.iid Canal shall cross and pass over the said River Wandle, the said Company of Proprietors shall at their own proper Costs and Charges ered and for ever maintain a good and sufficient Aquedud or Aqueduds, the Height of which during the whole Breadth and Length thereof aciofs the said River, shall be at the least Fifteen Feet, measuring from the Surface of the said River Wandle at Mark Stake High, to the Surface of the Water in the said Canal: And further, That where the said Canal shall cross and pass over a certain intended Iron Railway to be established from WandJ-worth to Croydon and Carshalton, in the said County of Surrey, under the Authority of a Bill now pending in Parliament, if the same shall be carried into a Law, the said Company of Proprietors shall at their own proper Costs and Charges ered and for ever maintain a good and sufficient Aquedud, which said Aquedud shall in no Cafe occupy in Depth more than Four Feet from the Surface of the Water in the said Canal (on the fame Level on which it erodes the said River Wandle,) to the

Uriderfide

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 3r. 425

Underside of the said Aqueduct, so that loaded Carriages passing under the said Aqueduct may pass without Obstruction, and that the Span of the Arch or Opening under the said Aqueduct shall be full Sixteen Feet wide.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the said Company Powtr to of Proprietors shall think it necessary or expedient that Boats, Barges,

or other Vessels, Waggons or other Carriages, or any Manure, Goods, piar.es, tde. Wares, or other Matters or Things, should be conveyed over or along any Part or Parts of the said intended Tract or Line of the said intended Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, by Rollers, inclined Planes, Railways, Waggonways, or Cranes, or in any other Manner than by and upon Water, then and in such Case it shall and ma) be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to cause any such Rollers, Inclined Planes, Railways, Fire or Steam Engines, or other Works before mentioned, to be made for such Purpose or Purposes at such Place or Places, in, upon, or near to the said intended Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, as they shall think proper; and the fame, when so made, shall be taken and considered as Part or Parts of the said intended Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, and Works hereby authorised to be made in like Manner, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Parts or Places had been made navigable.

XXX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained Housej,

shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Company Gardens, of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons afling by or under their Ail-thority, to take, use, injure, or damage, for the Purposes of the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cut’s, or any other of the Purposes aforesaid, any House ‘or other Building which was ereifled

and built on or before the Thittieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred, or any Land or Ground which on the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred was set apart and used, as or fora Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof; save and except certain Garden Grounds in the Possession of ’Thomas Bix in the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, and of Jeffrey East in the Parish of Saint Mary, Newington, both in the County of Surrey; and also except certain Garden Grounds in the Possession of Curtis in the

Parish of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the County of Kent,

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds to be Breadth of taken or used for such Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, Canal and and for the Towing Paths thereto, and the Ditches, Drains, and Fences, p°^lnE to separate such TowingPaths from the adjoining Lands, shall not exceed Thirty-three Yards in Breadth, except in such Places where any Docks,

Batons, Reservoirs, or Pens of Water shall be made, or where the said

Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, or any Part thereof,

shall be raised higher, or cut above Five Feet deeper than the present Surface of the Land; and except in such Places where it shall be judged proper by the said Company of Proprietors for Boats and other Vessels to turn, lie, or pass each other, or where any Engines, Ware-[Loc. £s* Per.] 5 P houses.

426

Power to

mak' a Collate al Cut into Greenland Dock.

If Old Roads destroyed, new ones to be made.

Plan and

Bock of Reference to be authenticated by the Speaker of the House of Commons, and deported.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. %il

houses, Cranes, or Weighing Beams may be erected, or where any Wharfs or other Places may be set out or appropriated for the Recep« tion of any Coals, Lime, Limestone, or other Minerals, Timber or other Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, which shall be conveyed on the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners of the Lands and Hereditaments adjoining to the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cuts, given under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That provided the said Company of Proprietors deem it expedient, they may and are hereby authorized and empowered to make and maintain a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal near the Town of Deptford, in the said County of Kent, into Greenland Dock, in the said County of Surrey, which said Dock, in consideration of a certain Sum or certain Sums of Money, annual Payments, or otherwise as may be agreed upon between the Proprietors of the said Dock and the aforesaid Company of Proprietors, shall be free and open for such of the aforesaid Company of Proprietors Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, as they may direct to make use of, lay in, load, or unload, pass through, into, or out of the said Canal, and to be under all such Rules, Regulations, and Bye Laws as the Canal, Branches, Collateral Cuts, and other Works authorised by this Act to be made are subject to.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as it shall be found necessary by the said Company of Proprietors to make or cut through any Carriage or Horse Road, be the fame public or private, or so much injure the same as to render it impafiable or inconvenient for Carriages or Horses, or the Persons entitled to the Use and Benefit thereof, the said Company of Proprietors shall, at their own Expence, before any such Road shall be taken, cut through, or injured as aforesaid, cause a good and sufficient Carriage or Horse Road (as the Case may be) to be set out and made instead thereof, and shall put, or cause to be put, the fame in good and sufficient Repair and Condition.

XXXIV. And whereas a Survey has been taken to ascertain the Practicability cf making the said intended Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cuts, and a Map or Plan with a proper Book of Reference thereto has been made in consequence thereof, in order to ffiew the Line or Course of the said intended Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cuts; be it therefore further enacted, That there shall be Three Parts made of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference thereto, which shall be certified by the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons, and shall be deposited One with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, and the other with the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, and with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Kent -, to either of which Maps, Plans, and Books of Reference, all Persons shall have Liberty to retort, and to examine, and make Extradfs from, or Copies of the same as Occasion shall require, paying to the said respective Clerks One Shilling for Examination, for Copies of or Extradb from the said Book of Reference, after the Race ot Sixpence for every Hundred Words; and the said Maps or Plans, and Books of

Reference,

42 7

41° GEORGII III. Cap. si.

Reference, so certified, or true Copies thereof, shall be, and are hereby declared to be good Evidence in all Courts of Law or Equity, or elsewhere, and the Clerk for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors, upon Twenty-one Days Notice to him given for that Purpose, shall, and he is hereby required from Time to Time to produce the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference to be so deposited with him as aforesaid, before any Jury or Juries to be impannelled by virtue of this Act, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, in order that the fame may be then and there given in Evidence; the Clerk or other Officer to the said Company of Proprietors having a reasonable Sum of Money allowed for his travelling Expences, Absence from Home, and Attendance on such Occasions.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors in making the said intended Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, or any of them, shall not deviate from the Course or Direction delineated in the said Map or Plan, and set forth in the said Book of Reference, from the Course or Direction specified in the said Map or Plan, without the Approbation and Consent in Writing, signed by the Person or Persons to whom any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments do or shall respectively belong, into, throbgh, or over which any Deviation is proposed to be made; but nothing herein contained shall extend to restrain or prevent the said Company of Proprietors from making any such Deviation from the said Course or Direction of the said Canal, its Branches, or Cuts, or any of them, in case all the Persons to whom the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments to be cut through or made use of for the Purposes of such Deviation shall belong, shall consent thereto.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and may make the said intended Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cur or Cuts, or Deviations from the same, and from the said Towing Paths into, through, across, or over the Estates, Lands, or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, into whole Estates, Lands, or Grounds such Deviations as aforesaid shall extend, although their Names be not mentioned in the said Book of Reference; or into the F.state or Estates, Lands or Grounds, of any Person or Persons whose Name or Names appear by Mistake omitted in the said Book of Reference, or that instead of the Name or Names of some other Person or Persons, to whom such last-mentioned Estates, Lands, or Grounds, do not belong, hath or have been by Mistake inferred therein, any Thing therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That after any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be set out and ascertained for making the said Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, and the Aque-dufls and Basons, or Pens of Water, or Reservoirs thereto belonging, or any Partor Parts thereof, and for providing and constructing the Wharfs and other Works and Conveniencies herein mentioned, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trust for charitable and other Purposes,

*6 Com-

Shall not deviate with* out Consent.

Land-Owners omitted in the Book of Reference not to obstruct the Making of the Canal.

Bodies Politic empowered to sell and convey Lands.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs, and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cejlui qut Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Coverr, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested, in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest therein, and for every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so set out and ascertained for the Purposes aforesaid, to con-trad! for, fell, and convey the fame, and every Part thereof, unto the said Company of Proprietors, and of such Contratfls, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be made at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, and such of them as shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, to the said Company of Proprietors, shall be according to the following Form: (m'z.)

I A.B. of in consideration of

‘ the Sum of (or in consideration of

‘ the annual Rent of to me to be here-

after yielded and paid by Yearly or Half Yearly Payments, as may

be agreed upon,) by the Company of Proprietors of the Grand ‘ Surrey Canal, do hereby grant and release to the said Company, all

[describing the Premises to be conveyed] and all my Right, Title, and

Interest to and in the fame, and every Part thereof, to hold to the said Company and their Successors for ever by virtue and according to ‘the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament made in the

Forty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled.

[Here set forth the Title of the Act, describing the Direction, &c.]

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal this

‘ Day of in the Year of our Lord

C

"Which said Conveyances shall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time, when requested, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons interested thertin requiring the fame, and shall have and receive Sixpence for every One Hundred Words of each such attested Copy, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words; and every such Conveyance to be made by virtue of this Act, in the Form and Manner aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Satisfaction

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every to be made, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees, or other Persons herein capacitated to fell or convey Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, or any other Owner or Owners, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands, Waters, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which shall or may be taken, used, affected, or prejudiced by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, may accept and receive Sa-tisfaction for the Value of such Lands, Waters, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and for the Damages to be sustained by making and completing

428

Form of Conveyance to the Company.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31. 429

pleting the said Works herein directed to be made, either in gross Sums or by annual Kents, as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Parties interested respectively, or any of them, and the said Committee, or as the same shall be ascertained and settled by a Jury, in such Manner as is herein directed; and all such Yearly Rents or Sums as shall be agreed on between the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors and the said Parties interested in such Lands, Waters, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or as shall be so ascertained and settled by such Jury, shall be charged on the Rates and Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, and shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, either Yearly or Half Yearly, as the same shall be agreed to become due and payable; and in case the same shall not be paid within Thirty Days next after the same shall so become due and payable, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and they are hereby required by an Order under their Hands, to appoint One or more Person or Persons to receive the Rates and Tolls hereby granted and made payable, and to pay the same to such Person or Persons to whom such annual Rents or Sums shall be due and unpaid as aforesaid, the said Justices taking such Security from every such Person, for the due and faithful Execution of his Office as they shall judge proper and sufficient, and every such Person so appointed shall be deemed a Collector of the said Rates and Tolls, and shall havcthe fame Power and Authority for collecting the fame, and shall receive and retain thereout such reasonable Satisfaction for his Trouble therein, as the said Justices respectively shall determine, in like Manner as if he had been appointed a Collector of the said Rates and Tolls by the said Company of Proprietors, until such annual Rents or Sums, with all Costs and Damages occasioned by the Non-Payment thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid, or it shall and may be lawful to and for such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons to whom such annual Rents or Sums shall be due and owing as aforesaid, to sue for ., and recover the fame, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or otherwise to seize and distrain any Boats, Barges, Vessels, or other Goods or Effects of the said Company of Proprietors, which shall be found upon the said Canal or Collateral Cut or Cuts, or in or upon the Wharfs, Quays, Warehouses, or other Works thereto belonging, (Information of such Distress being immediately given to the said Company of Proprietors by Notice in Writing delivered to some of the Clerks or Collectors of the Rates, or affixed to some of their Wharfs or Quays, near to the Place where such Distress was made,) and to detain the fame until Payment of such annual Rents or Sums then due and owing, together with the reasonable Charges attending such Distress; and if such Distress shall not be redeemed within Twenty-one Days next after making the same, and Notice thereof given inWriting as aforesaid, then such Goods or Effects so distrained shall and may be sold or disposed of in such Manner as the Law directs in case of a Distress for Rent,

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any such Body rf Parties are Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person dirtatisfied, or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, cannot agree with the said Committee respecting the Purchase of, or the annual Rent for, ? c a

{Lot. Csf Per.-] 5 any 1 T‘

43°

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

any Lands, Waters, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the Satisfaction to be made for any Damages that may from Time to Time be luf-tained by him, her, or them, by the making and maintaining of the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, or of any Part or Harts thereof, or of any of the Works thereunto belonging, and shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the Paid Company of Proprietors, or of their Committee, requiring a Jury to be summoned for the Purpose of determining such Hurchafe, annual Rent, or Satisfaction; or if any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustres, or other Person or Persons shall, upon Notice in Writing given by the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, or of the said Committee, to the principal Officer of any such Body Corporate or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at the 1 aft or usual Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Lands or other Hereditaments to be made use of fetr the Purposes of this Act, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Company of Proprietors, or by Reason of Absence or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability by Non-age, Coverture, or other Impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or make such Agreement or Agreements as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall not produce and fully disclose the State of the Title to the Premises, which they respectively are or shall be in Possession of, and the lntcrclt which they respectively claim; then, and in every such Case, the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, shall (within Twenty Days after the Receipt of such Notice by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, or of the said Committee, in case Security in Manner herein required shall be given, or after the Expiration of Twenty Days after the Delivery of such Notice by the said Clerk as the Case may be), and they are hereby empowered and required to issue a Warian under their Hands and Seals, directed to the Sheriff of the County, in which the Matter in qtieftion shall arise; and in case any such Sheriff, or his under Sheriff, shall be One of the Company of Proprietors, or enjoy any Office of Profit or Trust under them, or shall be otherwise interested in the Matter in question, then to any One of the Coroners of such County, who shall not be so interested as aforesaid; and in case all the said Coroners of such County shall be so interested, then to the last Person who filled the Office of Sheriff of such County then being, and who shall not be interested as aforesaid, commanding such Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person, to impannel, summon, and return a Jury'; and the said Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person, is hereby required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twelve sufficient and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm, to be returned for the Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to appear before the said Committee at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, such Time not being less than Fourteen Days, nor more than Twenty-one Days after such Warrant shall be served upon the said Sher-riff, Coroner, or other Person; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at the Time and Place so to be appointed as aforesaid, the said Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can be speedily,

procured

431

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

procured to attend that Service (being so qualified as aforesaid) to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve; and every such Jury and Juryman shall be liable and subject to the fame Regulations, and to the fame Pains and Penalties for Default, as if he and they had been returned lor the Trial of any HTue joined in any of His Majesh’s Courts at Westminster \ and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges aga nft any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Committee are hereby empowered and required by a Summons, or Notice to be signed by any Five or more of the said Committee, either previous to, or at the Time of, any such Meeting or Meetings, to summon and call before them all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; and the said Committee may order and authorise the said Jury, or any Three or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter or Matters in question; which Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, any One of the said Committee is hereby required and empowered to administer,) shall esquire of, assess, and ascertain the Sum of Money, or annual Kent to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands,

Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or the Recompence to be made for the Damages that shall or may be sustained as aforesaid, and shall assess separate Damages for the fame; and the said Committee shall give Judgment for such Purchase-Monies, Rent, or Recompence to be afieffed by such Jury, which said Verdict and the Judgment thereupon pronounced as aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Committee, and shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes against all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons, and shall not be removed by Certiorari or other Process into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or any other Court, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if the Sheriff, or other Person p;nc UDOn so directed to summon and return a Jury as aforesaid, or his Deputy or Sheriff, fit. Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, he shall for every such making Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds to be reco- T>esau!t-vered by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe by the said Company of Proprietors, or such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons interested in the Matter in question; and if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence, every Person so offending, having no reasonable Excuse, upon Proof thereof made before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Surrey or Kent, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering to such Person the Overplus after such Penalty and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and every such Penalty which shall be

Said by or recovered from any Person who shall be summoned on such ury, or to give Evidence as aforesaid, shall go and be paid to the 7* Person

432

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Person or Persons who shall appear to the said Justice to be injured by the Default of (ucti Person.

Expences of

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in each and every Cafe where a and Tur'* b shall be g'ven for more Money, or for a greater annual Rent

whottto’be^ as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the absolute Sale of any Lands, paid. Tenements, or other Hereditaments, of any Bodies Politic, Corporate,

or Collegiate, or of any Person or Persons whomsoever, or ar a Compenfacion for any Damages done or to be done to any Land?, Waters, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or other Property, than had been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, or where any Verdict shall be found for any Damages where the Dispute is for Damages only, and where no Compensation had been pre-viouffv offered or tendered in respect thereof by or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, or where by reason of Absence in Foreign Countries, or other Impediment or Disability as aforesaid, there shall not be found any Person or Persons at hand who may be legally capacitated to enter into a Contract with and make Conveyances to and receive Compensations from the said Company of Proprietors as herein mentioned; then and in all such Cases all the Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, shall be settled by any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Surrey and Kent, not interested in the Matter in question, (who are hereby required to examine into and settle the fame,) and shall be defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors: But if any Verdict shall be given for the same Sum or Rent that had been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, or for a less Sum than had been so previously offered, or in case no Damages shall be given by the Verdict where the Dispute is for Damages only, or in case of such Refusal or Neglect, to enter into Treaty with or make Conveyances to or receive Compensations from the said Company of Proprietors, by any Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are by the Provisions of this Act, or otherwise, legally capacitated to treat and convey, or receive such Compensations as aforesaid; then and in all such Cases, (except where by Reason of Absence or otherwise, any Person shall have been prevented from treating and agreeing as aforesaid,) the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, shall be settled in like Manner by such Justices, and be borne and paid by (he Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons with whom the said Company of Proprietors shall have such Concerns, Controversies, or Disputes, which said Costs and Expences having been so settled, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged.

Persons

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body or Bodies

requeuing Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and Person or Persons requesting a toteHnto JUI7 to summoned, shall (before such Warrant shall be issued for mu

Purpose)

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 3r.

Purpose) enter into a Bond with Two sufficient Sureties to the Cleric or Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors in a Penalty of One Hundred Pounds, with Condition to bear and pay the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, in case the same shall be given for no greater or for a less Sum or Rent than had been offered by or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, before the lum-moning and returning the said Jury or Juries, for the Purchase of, or as a Recompence for, any Lands, Waters, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or as a Compensation for any Damages, or in case no Verdict shall be found for Damages, where the whole Dispute was whether any Damage was or was noc done as aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee shall not nor shall any of them be obliged or allowed, by virtue of this Act, to receive or take Noiice of any Complainc or Complaints to be made by any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Injury or Damage by hurt, her, or them fullained, or supposed to be (ulfained, by virtue or in consequence of this Act, unless Application shall have been made in relation therero, by or on behalf of such Person or Persons, to the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, or to their Treasurer or Clerk, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Time that such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have ceased.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That full Recompence, Satisfaction, and Compensation shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors for all the Tithes, both great and small, of the Lands which shall or may be taken or made use of by the said Company, for the Purposes and in pursuance of the Powers of this Act, to the resptdive Persons entitled, or who would have been entitled to such Tithes, in calc such Lands had not been so taken or made use of according to their respective Inrerefts therein, such Tithes to be cltimated at the Average Value of Six Years, commencing at the Pifch of April One Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety-five, such Average Value to be ascertained (in case of any Difference concerning the same) in like Manner as the Value of any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, is herein-before directed to be ascertained: Provided always, That the Recompence and Satisfaction to be given by virtue of this Act for all Glebe Lands and Tithes belonging to Spiritual Persons, shall be made to such Persons by an annual Rent.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Juries shall in all their Verdicts distinguish the Value let upon the Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, and the Money assessed or adjudged for such Damages as any Person or Persons shall fullain in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, distinct and apart from each other.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That each and every Verdict so given shall be transmittrd to and be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, or other Persons having the Custody of the Records of the Quarter Sessions for the County where such Verdict shall be given, and shall be deemed {.Lee. (if Per.] 5 R to

43 3

Bondi to prosecute.

Notice of Injury to be £iv. n to P opuciorj.

What Satisfaction to be made for Tithes.

Verdictl to Value of Lands, and Damages, to be af.ertained fVparately.

Verdicts to be recorded.

431- 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

to be Records of such Quarter Sessions to all Intents and Purposes; and the fame or true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all Persons shall have Liberty to inl’pest the fame, paying for such Inspetflion the Sum of One Shilling, and to have Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One Hundred Words, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

Power to ,nier and take Possession of Laodr, bfr. on Payment or Tender of Purchase Money.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money, or Security being given under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, for the due Payment of any such annual Rent as shall have been contrailed or agreed for between the Parties, or afTrfled by such Juries in Manner aforesaid, for the Purchase of any such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or as a Recompence for the Yearly Produce or Profits thereof, or as a Compensation for Damages as herein mentioned, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands, Waters, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be interested therein, or entitled to receive such Money Rent or Compensation respectively, at any Time after the same shall have been so agreed for, determined, or assessed, or if the Person or Persons so entitled or interested, or any of them cannot be found, or shall refuse to receive the lame, then, and on leaving or depositing the Money, if the same shall be equal 10 o - exceed the Sum of One Hundred Pounds in the Bank of England, or in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors, in case the same shall be less than the Sum of One Hundred Pounds, for the Life of such Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, and in all or any of the said Cases, as often as the same shall happen, it shall and may be I4wful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and their Agents, Workmen, and Servants immediately to enter upon such Lands, Tenements, and other hlereditaments respectively, (or before such Payment or Tender, by Leave of the Owners and Occupiers thereof,) and then and thereupon such Land', Tenements, and other Hereditaments, together with the Yearly Profits rhereof, and all the Estate, Use, Trust, and Interest of any Person or Persons therein, shall from thenceforth be veiled in, and become the sole Property of the said Company of Proprietors to and for the Purposes of this Act for ever; and such Tender, Payment, or Deposit shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and conllrued to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Person, and all Estates fail, and other Estates in Reversion and Remainder, of his, her, or their Issue, and of every other Person whomloeyer therein: Provided nevertheless, That before such Payment, Security, Tender, or Deposit, made or given as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the said company of Proprietors, or any Person ailing under their Authority, to dig or cut, or otherwise affect the Lands or Grounds, or to take down, remove, or otherwise affett any I enement or other Hereditament of the Person or Persons entitled to luth Payment or Security, for the Purpose of making the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, or any of the Works

thereto

435

41° GEO. III. Cap. 31.

thereto belonging, without the Leave and Consent of such Person or Persons respectively.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, taken, or made use of by the said Company of Proprietors shall be in Mortgage to any Person or Persons whomsoever, then, and in such Case the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby required to pay or cause to be paid to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, upon Application in Writing made to the said Company of Proprietors, or to their Committee, or to their respective Clerks, signed by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, such ^Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been so agreed for, ascertained, or determined as aforesaid, for the Use or Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and such Sum or Sums of Money, when so paid, shall be, and be deemed to be in Discharge of Part of the Principal Money due on Mortgage or Mortgages, and Acknowledgement of the Receipt thereof shall be made by Indorsement on the Mortgage Deed or Deeds, signed by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators respectively, in the Presence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and such Indorsement shall be and be deemed to be a full and sufficient Discharge to the said Company of Proprietors from the Mortgagor or Mortgagors, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, and also a full and sufficient Discharge to the Mortgagor or Mortgagors, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, from the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, for so much Money as shall be expressed in such Indorsement.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or uled by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity as in this Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in cale the same shall amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Grand Surrey Canal, together with the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as Three of the said Committee of Proprietors for executing this Act shall by Writing signed by them direct and appoint, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like

For paying off Mortgages on Lands taken by the Company.

A \ plication of Com pen fation, where exceeding Two Hundred Pounds.

43& 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Ufrs, Intents, or Purports, or where such Money shall not be so

applied, then the same shall be laid out 3nd inverted under the like Dirrflion and Approbation of the Paid Court in the Purchase of other McfTuagts, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like UiVs, Trulls, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, (food settled, or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the Paid Money ll^all by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Bents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement wtre made.

Application L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so where the agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-tion'doe/not ,nents purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong-excecdTwo ing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability Hundred or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be Ids than the Sum of Two Hundred J'ounas, nor Pounds, and shall exrecd the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all Twenty" such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for

Founds. the Time being entitled to the Rencs and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in calc of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons matting such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Committee of Proprietors, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing underihe Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Muncy, and the Dividends arising thtreon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Late be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Appiobation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

LI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money whne 1 tie f0 agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be ids than Twenty t*lan J wenty Pounds, then and in all such Cale;> the same shall Pounda. be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments

437

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 3r.

mmts so purchased, taken, or iifed for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Committee of Proprietors shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LII. And whereas in order to carry into Effect the Purposes of this Act, and to avoid Disputes with the Owners of Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments which may be affected by making the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, the said Company of Proprietors may hereafter purchase Lands and Buildings not necesiary to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act; be ic therefore further enacted, That it shall Be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture under their Common Seal, to grant and convey in Fee Farm, or to dcmife for a Term of Years, such Part or Parts of the Lands and Buildings as may be so purchased by, and conveyed to, the said Company of Proprietors, or as shall be so purchased by and conveyed to them as aforesaid, and as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of the said Navigation and Works, at and under such Yearly Rents, and to be reserved or limited in such Manner as in such Conveyances or Demises shall be expressed; and all'o to lay out and appropriate any Part of the said Lands and Prctnifes as and for a Way or Ways, Street or Streets, Avenue or Avenues, Passage or Passages, and that it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture under their Common Seal, to grant and convey, by way of absolute Sale for a Consideration in Money, such Part or Parts of the Lands or Buildings as may be so purchased by and conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors, or as shall be so purchased by and conveyed to them as aforesaid, and as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of the said Navigation and Works; and all'o all or any Part or Parts of the Annual Rents or Yearly Sums which shall or may be reserved or limited to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors, and Assigns, or any Grant or Demise, Grants or Demises, to be by them made and granted; and that all such Purchas'es and Conveyances to the said Company of Proprietors, and all such Grants in Fee Farm, and Demises for Years and Conveyances from the said Company of Proprietors, shall be valid and effectual, any Thing in this Act contained, or any other Law, Statute, or Cutlom to the contrary thereof in any wise noiwithllaoding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Rents, or Premises, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors, to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the lame shall be fold, which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase-Money for which such Lands, Kents, or Premises shall be fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be received; and such Person or Persons shall not atierwards be answerabic or accountable for any Losses, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of fuel; Purchase-Money or any Part thereof: Provided always, That the said Company of Proprietors before they shall fell and disposeof such Lands 1Loc. & Pei-] 5 S or

Company empowered co re* fell Lands on Chief Ren’s or absolutely.

43«

Damages not provided for to be settled.

Ra*es of Tonnage.

Rf guTaifons

r*fputting Vifiels pals-

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

or Buildings, (Ball first offer to re-sell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Lands or Buildings; and in case such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to re-purchase the fame, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Mailer Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Lands or Buildings shall lie, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Lands or Buildings, dating that such Offer was made by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refofed by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall sustain any Damage in his, her, or their Lands, Waters, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, by reason of the Execution of any of the Powers given by this Act, and through or by Means noc herein provided for, then, and in every such Case, such Damages shall be so settled by the said Committee, or by a Jury as aforesaid; and the fame may be recovered, levied, and applied in Manner herein directed with regard to other Damages.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to ask, demand, take, and recover, to and for their own proper Use and Behoof, the several Rates and Tolls hereinafter mentioned, for the Tonnage and Wharfage of all Timber, Chalk, Lime, Manure, Mineral, Merchandize, and other Goods, Matters, and Things whatsoever, which shall be carried or conveytd upon the said Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cutor Cuts, or either of them; (that is to say,) for all Freeftone, Limestone, Chalk, Bricks, Tiles, Slates, Corn in the Straw, Hay, Straw, Faggots, Dung, Mariure, Sand, Stones, and Clay, to be navigated and conveyed upon the said Cana), its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, the Sum of Two Pence per Ton per Mile, and so in proportion for any greater or lei's Quantity than a Ton, or greater or less Didance than a Mile; for all Cattle, Calves, Sheep, Swine, and other Bealls; and Lime, and all Rough Timber, Hemp, Bark, Tin, Iron, Stone, Pig Iron and Pig Lead, the Sum of Three Pence per Ton per Mile, and so in proportion for ar.y greater or less Quantity than a Ton, or greater or less Distance than a Mile; for all Coal, Charcoal, Coke, Culm, Flour, Wheat, Harley, Oats, Beans, Pease, Malt, and Potatoes, the Sum of Four Pence per Ton per Mile, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton, or greater or Id's Didance than a Mile; and for all Hops, Fruit, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and other Things whatsoever, the Sum of Sixpence per Ton per Mile, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton, or greater or less Distance than a Mile.

LV. And be it further enacted, That for every Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, passing in or out of any Outlet, Lock, or Locks immediately

communi-

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

communicating with the River Thames, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to ask, demand, and receive, as and for One Mile of the regulated Tonnage upon her Lading, which shall be in no Cafe for less than Five Tins, notv.’ithstanding (lie may have on board a less Quantity, out no Toll or Rate shall be asked, demanded, or received, on re-passing t-he said Outlet, Lock, or Locks, in case such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, is unladen: Provided also, and it is hereby further enadfctrd, That no Boat, Barge, or other VefTcI, shall be permitted or allowed to pal's any Outlet, Lock, or Locks, when the Water is or shall be Six Inches below the Wade Wear, without Licence and I Permission being first had and obtained of the said Company of Proprietors.

LV1. And be it further enacted, That every Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, being pa (fed up or down any Inclined Plane, shall be subject to, and pay as for One Mile of the regulated Tonnage upon her Lading; and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered to demand and receive the lame, which shall in no Cafe be taken for less than Five Tons, notwithstanding (he may have a less Quantity on board; but that all unladen Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, going for, or having discharged a Cargo within the Limits of the Canal, shall not be subject or liable to the said Toll or Rate.

LVII. And whereas the said Company of Proprietors will be at a considerable Expence in rriaking, maintaining, and preserving Basons or Pens of Water for the Reception and secure Mooring of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to demand and take, to and for their own Use, and Benefir, any Kate or Toll not exceeding Three Pence per Ton for all Mjnncrof Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Things whatsoever landed from any Boar, Barge, or other Vessel, having entered any such Baton or Pen of Water, or as shall be put into any other Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, and also any Rate or Toll not exceeding Three Pence/w Ton on every Boat, Barge, or other Vessel on entering such Balon or Pen of Water, which shall not have pafltd One Mile along the Line of the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts: Provided always, That if any such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall afterwards proceed along the whole Line of the said Canal or Collateral Cut, then and in such Case the Rate or Toll so paid for entering such Bason or Pen of Water shall be deducted from the Rates or Polls the said Company of Proprietors are hereby enabled to take, for, or in respect of Boats, Barges, or other Vessels passing along the said Canal or Collateral Cuts.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where there shall be a Fraction of a Quarter of a Milt in the Distance which any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel shall be navigated or pals upon the said Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, or either of them, such Fraction shall, in ascertaining the said Rates or Tolls, be deemed and considered as a whole Quarter of a Mile; and in all Cases where there shall be a Fraction of a Ton in the Weight of Lading in any Boar, Barge, or other Vessel, so to be navigated on the said Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts,

439

ing Outlets or Locks commumca* rifg with the TJramtt

or pafitng any Inclined Plane.

Rates for entering the £afons.

Proportion of a Mile to be taken as a Mile.

440

Recovery of Rates and Tolls.

Rites and Tolls tray be altered.

M-iders of Boats to give an Account of their Lading.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Cuts, or either of them, a Proportion of the salt] Rates or Tolls shall he demanded and taken by the said Company of Proprietors for such Fraction, according to the Number of Quarters of a Ton contained therein! and in all Cases where there shall be a bra&ion of a Ton in any such Weight of Lading as aforesaid, such Fraction shall be deemed and considered as a whole Quarter of a Ton, ail which said Rates and Tolls shall be paid to such Person or Persons, at such Place or Places near to the said Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, or any Part thereof, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the said Company of Proprietors shall direct or appoint; and in case of Denial or Neglect of Payment of any such Rates or Tolls, or any Part thereof on Demand, to the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same as aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors may sue for the same by Action of Debt or upon the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJImin-fitr, or the Person or Persons to whom such Rates or Tolls ought to have been paid may, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to seizethe Goods or other Things, for or in respect whereof any such Rates or Tolls ought to be paid, or any Part thereof, or the Boat, Barge, or other Vessel laden therewith, or the Horse or Horses, Beads or Cattle, for or in respect of which such Tolls ought to be paid as aforesaid, and detain the fame until such Payment shall be made, together with reasonable Charges for such Seizure and Detention; and if such Goods or other Things, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, Horse or Horses, Bealls or Cattle, shall not be redeemed within Five Days next after the taking thereof, the same shall be sold as the Law directs in Cases of Distress for Rent! and the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power from Time to Time at any General or Special Assembly, to lower or reduce all or any of the said Rates and Tolls, (but no Reduction in Tolls or Rates is to take Place unless Two Thirds of the Shareholders affenc thereto,) and again to rail'e the same to such Sums as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sums before mentioned, as often as it shall be deemed necessary for the Interest of the said Undertaking.

LIX. And, for the better ascertaining and moreeafy and effectual collecting of the Lid Rates or Tolls hereby directed to be paid to the said Company of Proprietors, be it further enacted, That the Mailer, Owner, or other Person or Persons having the Care of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel navigating upon the said Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, or upon any Part or Parts thereof, or enecring any Bason or Baffin:, or Pen of Water herein directed to be made, shall give to the Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or Tolls, or to any other Officer or Officers to be appointed for such Purpose by the said Company of Proprietors, at the Place or Places where he or they shall attend for that Purpose, a true and just Account in Writing, signed by the Matter, Owner, or other Person or Persons having the Care of such Boat, Barg-, or other Vessel, of the Quantities, Qualities, and Weight of the Goods and other Things embarked in or upon each such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, from whence brought, and where the fame is intended to be landed i and if the Goods or other Things contained in any such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall be liable to the Payment of different Rates or Tolls, then such Master, Owner, or other Person or Persons, shall specify the Quantities liable to the Payment of each of the said Rat s or l olls i

44i

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

and in case he or they shall neglect or refuse to give such an Account, or shall refuse to produce his or their Invoice or Bill of Lading to the Officer demanding the fame, or shall, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Rates or Tolls, or any Part of them, give a false Account, or shall deliver out any Part of such Lading or Goods at any other Place or Places than what is or are mentioned in such Invoice or Bill of Lading, every Person Co offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings in every Ton of Goods and other Things, and so in proportion for any less Quantity than a Ton, which shall be in or be conveyed by such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel respectively, of the Lading of which such Account shall be refused, or such false Account given, or whose Lading shall be delivered out as aforesaid, as the Case shall happen to be, over and above the aforesaid respective Rates or Tolls which shall be payable for the same.

LX. And, for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Stone, Timber, and other Goods to be charged with the Payment of such Rates as aforesaid, and the Contents and Burthen of the Boats, Barges, and other Vessels carrying and conveying such Stone, Timber, and other Goods, Matters, and Things on the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, be it further enacted, That Fifty Cubic Feet of Fir or Deal, Balk, Poplar, or Birch, and that Fifty Cubic Feet of round, and Forty Cubic Feet of square Oak, Ash, Elm, or Beech, or other Timber or Wood not cut into Scantlings, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be respectively deemed, rated, and estimated, as and for One Ton Weight, and that One Hundred and Twelve Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Hops, Coal, Coke, Culm, Lime, Sand, Slate, Tin, Freeftone, Limestone, and all other Commodities, Matters, and Things of whatsoever Kind or Description, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed, rated, or estimated as and for One Hundred Pounds Weight, and Two Thousand Two Hundred and Forty Pounds Weight of all Commodities whatsoever, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed One Ton, any Usage of rating or estimating the same to the contrary hereof notwithstanding; and if any Difference shall arise between any Collector of the said Rates or Tolls, and the Master, Owner, or other Person having the Care or Charge of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, or Owner of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Things loaded or embarked therein concerning the Measure of such Timber, or concerning the Weight or Quantity of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Matters or Things therein embarked or contained, it shall and may be lawful to and (or any such Collector to Hop and detain any such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, and to weigh, measure, or gauge, or cause to be weighed, measured, oi gauged, such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, and all such Timber, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or other Matters or Things as shall be therein embarked or contained; and in case the lame shall, upon such weighing, measuring, or gauging, appear to be of greater Measure, Weight, or Quantity than the Account given thereof by such Master, Owner, or other Person having the Care or Charge of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, then the fame Master, Owner, or other Person giving in such Account shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, measuring, and gauging, all which Costs and Expences, upon Refusal of Payment thereof upon Dc-' [lor. fc? Per.) 5 T nund.

What Q»«n-lily of Tim-berand Light Goods shall be deemed a Ton,

In case of Difference concern'ng the Weighs,

Collector

may weigh them.

442

Power to fix the Price of small Parcels.

Navigation to be free upon Payment of Rates, under Certain Rtilriftions.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

mand, shall and may be recovered and levied in the same Manner as the said Rates or Tolls are hereby appointed to be recovered and levied , but if such Timber, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or such other Matters and Things shall appear to be of the fame or less Weight or Quantity, than the Account given thereof by the said Mailer, Owner, or other Person, then the said Collector shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, measuring, and gauging and shall also pay to such Mailer, Owner, or other Person, or to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Things, such Damages as shall appear to any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey or Keni, upon the Oath of any credible Witness, (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered to adminider, and to settle and determine such Damages,) to have arisen from such Detention, and in default of immediate Payment thereof, the fame dial) be recovered from the said Company of Proprietors by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, or in such other Manner as any of the Penalties or Forfeitures hereby imposed upon the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, maybe recovered and levied by virtue of this Act.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors from Time to Time to ascertain and fix the Price or Sum or Sums of Money to be charged or taken for the Carriage of any Parcel, not exceeding Five Hundred Pounds in weight, upon the said Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, or upon any Part or Parts thereof; and the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time cause to be printed and affixed upon every public Wharf on the said Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, in some conspicuous Place, a List or Account ascertaining and particularizing the Price or Sum or Sums of Money so to be charged or taken for the Carriage of such Parcels as aforesaid, upon the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts; and in case any Owner or Mailer, or other Person having the Care of any Boar, Barge, or other Vessel navigating or passing upon the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, or upon any Part or Parts thereof, after such Lift or Account so ascertaining or particularizing the Price or Sum or Sums of Money at which every such Parcel shall be so carried and conveyed shall be so fixed up as aforesaid, shall demand or take for the Carriage of any such Parcel as aforesaid more than the Price or Sum or Sums of Money in such Lift or Account ascertained and particularized for that Purpose, such Owner, Mailer, or other Person, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Magistrate before whom such Person shall be convicted.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons whosoever shill have free Liberty to use with Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, the Roads, Ways, and Paffagrs, (except the Towing Paths, Railways, Inclined Planes, and Stone Roads,) to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of conveying any Timber, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Things to or from the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, and every Parc thereof, without paying any Thing for the

443

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

file Use of such Roads, Ways, and Passages, and also to navigate and pass upon and use the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, with any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and to employ the Wharfs and Quays for loading and unloading such Merchandize, Timber, and other Goods and Things; and also to use the said Towing Paths with Horses and other Cattle, for haling and drawing such Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, upon Payment of such Rates and Tolls as shall be demanded by the said Company of Proprietors, not exceeding the respective Sums herein mentioned, and subject to the Rules and Regulations which shall be from Time to Time made by the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of the Powers herein granted, provided the said Boats, Barges, or other Vessels shall not, without the Consent of the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, pass upon the said Canal, Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, or either of them, at any other Times than between the Hours of Five in the Morning and Ten in the Evening during the Months of November, December, "January, and February, between the Hours of Four in the Morning and Twelve in the Evening during the Months of March, April, September, and October, and between the Hours of Four in the Morning and Twelve in the Evening during the Months of May, June, July, and August in every Year.

l.XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Hops, Coals, Culm, Further Stone, Timber, Slate, Chalk, Lime, or any other Matters or Things Allowance whatsoever, which shall be carried and conveyed on the said Canal, its °p^.

Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, shall lie or remain upon any Wharf prietorr for or Wharfs, Quay or Quays, belonging to the said Company of Pro- Goods re-prietors or any other Person or Persons, and adjoining to the said Canal, m*lnin8. its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, for above the Space of Twenty-four Hours, then and in such Case the said Company of Pro- cmaioTime. prietors or such other Person or Persons shall be entitled to receive such reasonable Rates or Allowance, over and above the Rates herein-before authorised to be taken as shall be agreed upon between the said Company of Proprietors or their Agent or Agents, or such other Person or Persons, and the Owner or Owners of such Hops, Coals, Culm, Stone,

Timber, Slate, Chalk, Lime, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Things.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Regulations and for the said Company of Proprietors, and to and for their Committee, for VeHUs in and to and for any Person or Persons authorised and employed by them *he B‘"on‘-respectively for such Purpose, from Time to Time to make such Rules,

Orders, and Regulations as to them shall seem meet, for the Birthing or Mooring of any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels entering or that shall have entered any Bason or Pen of Water to be made by virtue of this Act, and from Time to Time to remove or cause to be removed any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel at the Charges and Expences of the Owner or Owners, or Mailer or Mailers thereof from any Part or Parts of the Canal, of any such Bason or Pen of Water to any other Part or Parts thereof; and all Mailers, Owners, or other Persons having the Direction of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall, in case they shall refuse or neglect to comply with any such Rules, Orders, or Regulations,

444

Draios to be made to convey Water from the Lands adjoining.

For fencing oft' Towing Paths.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

lations, for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to make or cause to be made such Arches, Tunnels, Culverts, Drains, Sewers, or other Passages over, under, by the Side of, or into the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, or any Bason or Pen t)f Water thereto Belonging, and the Trenches, Streams, and Water-courses communicating the rewith, and the Towing Paths on the Sides thereof, respectively of such Depth, Breadth and Dimensions, as shall be sufficient at all Times to convey the Water clear from the Lands adjoining or lying near to the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, or any Bason or Pen of Water thereto belonging, without obstructing or impounding the fame j and likewise to make or cause to be made such Back-Drain or Drains as may be necessary and shall be sufficient to carry off any Water which may ooze or pass through any of the Banks of the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, or of any Bason or Pen of Water thereto belonging, to the Prejudice of any of the Lands or Grounds contiguous thereto.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall at their own Costs (within Six Calendar Months next after any Part of the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, and Towing Paths thereto belonging, shall be dug out and formed), divide and separate, and keep constantly divided and separated, the Towing Paths on each Side of the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, and the Trenches, Feeders, or Passages hereby authorized to be made on such Parc or Parts thereof respectively (as shall be deemed necessary by any Three or more Justices of the said County of Surrey or Kent in calc there shall be any Doubt or Dispute abouc the fame), from the adjoining Lands or Grounds, by Polls and Rails, Hedges, Ditches, Trenches, Banks, or other Fences sufficient to keep off Sheep and other Cattle, the same to be set out and made on the Lands or Grounds which shall be purchased by, conveyed to, or vested in the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid; and the said Company of Proprietors shall, at their own proper Costs and Charges, from Time to Time maintain and support the said Towing Paths, and the said Pods, Rails, Hedges, Ditches, Trenches, Banks, and other Fences so set up and made as aforesaid; and also shall, at their own like Costs and Charges, make up, erect, and set up, and from Time to Time maintain and support, such and so many convenient Gates and Stiles in, over, and through all the Hedges and Fences to be by them so made on the Sides of such Towing Paths as aforesaid, and also all such Bridges, Fording Places, Arches, Culverts and Passages, over, under, or by the Side of, or into the said Canal or Collateral Cut, and the Feeders, Trenches, and Aque-dudls communicating the rewith, and the Towing Paths on the Sides thereof, of such Dimensions and in such Manner as any Three or more Justices of the Peare for the said County of turrey or Kent, shall from Time to Time deem necessary and direct, in cale mere shall be any Dispute about the fame, for the Use of the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands und Grounds, Tenements or Hereditaments adjoining to such v . ... *5 Canal,

445

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, and other Works, or any of them respectively; and the said Company of Proprietors shall not make the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, or any Trench or Watercourse belonging to the fame, in or across any common Highway, Public Bridle Way, or Footpath, until they shall, ac their own proper Costs and Charges, have made and perfeded such Bridge or Bridges, Fording Place or Fording Places, Passage or Passages, Arch or Arches, over, across, or under the fame Highway, Public Bridle Way, or Footpath, of such Dimensions, and in such Manner as they the said Three or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey or Kent shall from Time to Time deem necessary and direct, not being contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act j and all such Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Arches, Fording Places, and other Works and Conveniences to be made as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, be supported, maintained, and kept in sufficient Repair by the said Company of Proprietors; and in case the said Company of Proprietors, or their Agents, shall refuse or neglect to divide and separate, and to keep divided and separated the Towing Paths of the said Canal and Collateral Cut, in Manner herein directed, or to make, ertd, and fct up such Gates, Bridges, and Stiles in, over, and through the Fences on the Sides of the said Towing Paths, or such Bridges, Fording Places, Arches, Tunnels, Culverts, Drains, Back-Drains, or other Passage over, under, or by the Sides of or into the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts; and the said Trenches, Streams, and Watercourses as aforesaid, for the Use and Convenience of the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments adjoining or near to the said Canal, Branches, or Collateral Cuts, or to maintain and support such Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Arches, Fording Places, and Passages, when erected, fct up, and made of such Dimension, and in such Manner as aforesaid, for the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Time to be appointed for those Purposes by such Justices, or after Notice shall be given by, or on the Behalf of, the Owners or Occupiers of any such Lands or other Hereditaments, who may be aggrieved by any such Refusal or Neglect, then and in every such Case, ic shall and may be lawful to or for any, or any of the Owners or Occupiers of the said adjacent Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, who shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by such Refusal or Neglect, to make, ered, and set up all such Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Fording Places, Arches, Passages, and other Conveniences, as such Justices shall have directed or appointed to be made, erected, and set up by the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, and to maintain, repa'r, and supporc the fame from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, so that in making and maintaining such Works as aforesaid, the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, or the Banks thereof, or the Feeders or Aqueducts belonging thereto, shall not be (topped or injured for any longer Space of Time, or in any other Manner than shall be necessary for the doing thereof; and all the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof, to be settled and allowed by such Justices, (half be repaid to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said adjacent Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, who shall have so erected, and made, rt paired, or maintained such Works as aforesaid by the said I Loc. & Per.] j U Company

If Company do rot fence off Towing and

make

Bridges, tsfa.

Land Owners may do it ac ihc Company’s Expence.

446 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Company of Proprietors, within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the same shall have been so settled and allowed, and an Account and Demand in Writing shall have been made thereof and delivered to the said Company of Proprietors, or to any of their Clerks for the Time being, and in Default of Payment of the said Costs and Charges wichin the Time aforesaid, such Justices shall, and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the said Costs and Charges by Distress and Sale of any of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company of Proprietors which shall be found in or upon the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, or the Wharfs, Quays, or Warehouses adjoining or near to the fame, belonging to the said Company, to be applied to and for the Use of such Person or Persons who shall have so incurred such Costs and Charges as aforesaid, rendering to the said Company of Proprietor, or to some of their known Agents or Collectors the Overplus, (if any,) after deducing the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to be settled by such Justices j or all or any of the said Owners or Occup ers may have such and the like Remedy against: the said Company of Proprietors for the Recovtry of such Costs and Charges by Action at Law, to be commenced and prosecuted in such Manner as ln other Cales is in and by this Act. directed.

If Bridgfi, LXVIf. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Owners or

E*. made by Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments through »re?n°suffi!ny which the said Canal or Collateral Cut shall be made, do, or shall at any cient Land Time or Times hereafter apprehend that any of the Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Owners nuy Fording Places, Passages, Arches, Tunnels, Drains, Back-Drams, make others Trenches, or other Passages, Watering Places, and other Conveni-ExpVnce0*11 cnces respectively, which such Justices shall have so directed or appointed to be made by the said Company of Proprietors are inlufficienc, either in their Number or Situation for the commodious Use and Occupation of the respective Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, on both Sides, or on either Side thereof, then and in every such Calc it shall and may be lawful to and for all, or any such Owners or Occupiers, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Committee, upon Request made to them for that Purpose, or in case of their Refusal for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after such Request, then with the Consent and Approbation of such Justices, to make, fix, and ered, at their own Costs and Charges, any such other Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Fording Places, Passages, Arches, Culverts, or other Conveniences of the fame or the like Construction, with those made and erected by the said Company of Proprietors, in, over, or near to the said Canal, or Collateral Cuts, or the Towing Paths thereof respectively in such Places as shall be found and adjudged most necessary and convenient for the better Use, Cultivation, Improvement, or Occupation of such Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, and to repair and support the fame at their own Costs and Charges, as Occasion shall require, so as that the Navigation of the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, be not prevented or obstruded thereby fi r any longer Space of Time, or in any other Manner than shall be absolutely necessary and expedient for the making or treding of such Gates, Saks, Bridges, hording Places, Passages, Arches, or other Conveniences.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 3r. 44?

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Swivel Bridge or Swivrl or Draw- Bridge shall be laid over or across (he said Canal, its Branches,

Collateral Cut or Cuts, or any Cuts, Trenches, or Passages to be made after Vessel,

by virtue of this Act, all and every Person or Persons opening any such have faffed.

Draw- Bridge or Swivel Bridge shall, and he, she, and they is and are hereby required and directed, so soon as any Vessel shall have passed

any such Bridge, to (hut and fallen the faine (except such Bridges as

may be erected for the private Uffc of any Owner or Owners of any

Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments); and every Person neglect-

ing so to do, or wilfully opening any such Swivel Bridge or Draw Bridge

when nor Vessel is to pass through the fame, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings;

and inlcafe any such Bridge be left open longer than necessary for the

Passage of ^ny Vessel as aforesaid, through the Neglect or Carelessness

of any Person belonging to any such Vessel, then the Mailer or Owner

of such Vessel shall forfeit and, pay for every such Offence any Sum

not extleWing Forty Shillings, One Moiety of which said Tespective

Penalties shall go to the Informer.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Lock, Weir, Flood- Worki Gare, Dam, Bank, Baton, Trench, or any other of the Works of the said Canal, its Branches,.Collateral (fu.t or Cuts, shall be so injured, de- r(p,jre<| by stroyed, or aff.cled by any Flood or other unexpected Cause up Acci- the Com-dent, and it may be neteflary that the fame should be imrriediately re- repaired or rebuilt to prevent further Damage, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors from Time to Time, or to and for their, or any of their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, without any Delay or Interruption from any, Person or Persons whomsoever, to enter into any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, adjoining or near to the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, and other Works or Conveniences, or any of them, (not being the Ground whereon any House or other Building Hands, or Gafden, Orchard, Park, Paddork, planted Walk, Nursery for Trees, or Avenue to a House,) and to dig for, work, get, and carry away, and use all such Stones, Gravel, and other Materials as may be necessary or proper for the Purposes aforesaid, without any previous Treaty whatsoever with the Owner or Owners, OcCupier or Occupiers of, or ocher Person or Persons interested in such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any of them, doing as little Damage thereby as the Nature of the Cafe will permit, and making Recompence for the same to the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers thereof, or other Person or Persons interested in such Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditaments, within the Space of Forty Days next after the same shall be demanded; which Damages and the Compensation to be made in respect thereof shall be settled, assessed, determined, and recovered by the Ways and Means herein prescribed and, directed with respect to other Damages to be done in or about the making and maintaining the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, or any Parc or Parts thereof.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter the Enabling the Ditches or Drains belonging to any Owner or Occupier of any Lands Company to adjoining or lying contiguous to the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral ^canfe the

Cut "*

448

courses at the Land Owners’ Expence.

Names on the Outside of Boats to be fixed.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Cut or Cuts, and other Works, or any of them shall, by reason of their being not sufficiently cleansed or opened, hinder and obstruct the free Passage of the Water from the Drains, Culverts, and Passages belonging to the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, or a y of the Works thereunto belonging; and if the same shall not be peifedly cleansed and opened within One Calendar Month after Notice in Writing shall have been given thereof to such Owner or Occupier, or to the Clerk or Agent of any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or affixed on some conspicuous Part of the Premises wherein such Ditches or Drains shall be situated, or left at the usual Place or Places of Abode of any such Owner or Occupier, or Clerk or Agent, by the Clerk or any Agent of the said Company of Proprietors, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors from Time to Time, as often as there shall be Occasion to open and cleanse, or cause to be opened and cleansed, the said Ditches and Drains, and the reasonable Expences thereof shall be repaid to the said Company of Proprietors by the Owners or Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds to which the said Ditches, and Drains so opened and cleansed, shall belong; and in case of Refusal or Neglect to satisfy the fame for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after Demand shall have been made thereof from the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of such Lands and Grounds as aforesaid, such Charges and Expences shall and may be recovered in such Manner as any Forfeitures or Penalties are herein directed to be recovered.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Owner or Matter of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, passing upon the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, shall cause his or her Name and Place of Abode, and the Number of his or her Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, to be entered with the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors, and shall also cause such Name and Number, and also the Place to Which every such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel shall belong, and the true Number of Tons Burthen, to be painted in large W'hite Capital Letters and Figures on a Black Ground Three Inches high at the lead, and of a proportionable Breadth on the Outside of the Head, or Stern, of every such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, higher than the Place to which the same shall fink into the Water when full laden; and also shall and is hereby required to fix on each Side thereof respectively, correct Indexes of Copper, Lead, or other Metal of such graduated Dimensions, and of such convenient Heights, and under such Regulations, as the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time diredi, or other proper Means shall be used under the Direction of the said Company of Proprietors, so that the true Weight of the Lading on board may at all Times be ascertained and shewn; and every Owner, Matter, or other Person, having the Care or Command of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, or who shall navigate the fame upon the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, without having such Name, figures, and Index thereon, as are herein-before directed, or who shall alter, crafe, deface or destroy, such Name, Figure or InJex, or any Part thereof, or shall fix thereon any false Name, figure or Index, or shall wilfully suffer or permit any Boat or other Vessel navigating upon or lying in the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, to be loaded or unloaded

+49

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

loaded in any Lock, or in any other Part of the said Canal, or Collateral Cot or Cuts, without a Stage being laid from the Side of such Boar,

Barge, or other Vessel, to the Bank of the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, so as effectually to prevent any Soil, or other Matter or Thing intended to be taken on board or discharged out of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel from falling into the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Master and Owner of Mailers and every Boat, Barge, or other Vesse), navigating upon the said Canal, its y^ir'iVto be Branches, Collateral jCut or Cuts, shall, and he and they is and are answer»ble hereby made answerabte for any Trespass, Spoil, or Mischief, that shall for D»m«ger-Be done by such Bqat, Barge, or other Vessel, or by any of the Boatmen,

Watermen, or other Person or Persons belonging to or employed in or about the lame respectively, to any of the Bridges,'Weirs, Locks, Ba-fons, Dams, Engines, or other Works, in, upon, or belonging to the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Curs, or any of the Trenches,

Aqueducts, Sluices, Passages, or other Works or Conveniences, to be made by virtue of this Act, either by the loading or unloading of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, or by any other Means whatsoever, or to any Building or other Erection, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, adjoining or lying near to the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, by leaving open any Gate or Gates, Lock or Locks,

Bridge or Bridges, or by any other Means whatsoever; and the Master or Owner of every such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall for every such Trespass, Damage, Spoil, or Mischief, upon Conviction of any such Boatman; Waterman, and other Person or Persons, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Surrey or Kent, on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), or on the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, forfeit and pay to the Party or Parties injured such Damages, Satisfaction and Compensation, as shall be ascertained, fixed, and determined by such Justice (provided that no such Damage, Satisfaction or Compensation, shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds), and shall also over and above forfeit and pay to (he Informer or Informers any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, to be settled and determined by such Justice; but in case such Damages shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, the said Master or Owner of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, may be filed and prosecuted for such D.images, Satisfaction and Compensation, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and if a Verdict or Judgment shall be given against him either on Proof made, or by Default, or upon Demurrer, the Plaintiff in any such Case shall recover his Damages thereby sustained, with full Costs of Suit.

LXXIII. Provided always and be it enacted, That such Boatmen, Wa- Masters to termen, and other Person or Persons, and each and every of them, shall Bo^5nfr0ln be liable to repay such Damages, Satisfaction, and Compensation, and Penalty so ascertained, fixed, and determined by such Justice, with the Costs of levying and recovering thereof, to such Master or Masters,

Owner or Owners, and in case of Non-payment thereof upon Demand, and Oath made by such Master or Masters, Owner or Owners of the [Lee. £s? Per.J 5 X Payment

45°

Places to be made for Boats to torn or lie in, for other Boats to pass.

Vessels ob-flrufling the Navigation to be removed, and Vessels fork to be weighed up.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Payment made by him, her, or them of such Damages, Satisfaction, Compensation, or Penalty, and that the fame, and the Costs thereof, have or hath not been repaid to him, her, or them by such Servants, Boatmen, or Watermen, or any of them, although demanded, (such Oath to be made before any One Justice of the Peace for the County where such Penalty and Satisfaction shall have been incurred,) the Amount thereof shall be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is hereby directed to be recovered.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and may, in such Parts of the said Canal, its Branches or Collateral Cut or Cuts, as shall not be of sufficient Breadth for admitting a Boat, Barge, or other Vessel to turn round, ot lie whilst another Boat, Barge, or Vessel shall pass by, or to admit two Boats, Barges, or other Vessels to pass each other, and they are in such Cases hereby empowered to make and cut proper Spaces or Openings into the Lands adjoining to the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, at convenient Distances from each other, for the turning, lying, or passing of any such Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, and all such Boats, Barges, and other Vessels which shall be haled or navigated upon the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, shall, upon meeting any other Boat, Barge, or other Vessel navigating thereon, flop at or go back to, and lie in the said Spaces or Openings, in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee shall from Time to Time direct and appoint; and if any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel shall be placed or shall lie abreast in any Part of the said Canal, its Branches, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, or any Trench, Sluice, or Passage belonging thereto, not being moored at both Ends, or if any Person or Persons navigating and having the Care of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall wilfully obstruct the Navigation of the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cue or Cuts, or of any Part or Parts thereof, by Means of the misplacing or otherwise misconducting such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, and shall not immediately, upon Request made, moor the fame at both Ends, or alter the Situation of such Boar, Barge, or other Vessel, or otherwise flop or effectually secure the fame, as the Case shall require, so as that the said Obstruction shall cease and be removed, every Person, so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and also any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds, for every Hour during which such Obstruction shall continue after the making of such Request; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Agents or Servants of the said Company of Proprietors, or any of them, to cause any such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel to be unloaded, if necessary, and to be removed in such Manner as shall be proper for preventing or removing such Obstructions in the Navigation, and to seize and detain such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, or the Loading thereof, or any Part of such Loading, until the Charges occasioned by such Unloading and Removal shall be paid; and if any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel shall be sunk in any Parc of the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, or in any Bason or Pen of Water, Trench, or Sluice belonging thereto, and the Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons having the Care of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall not, without Lois 3 of

451

41° GEORGII III. Cap. ii.

of Time, weigh or draw up the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Agents or Servants of the said Company of Proprietors, or any of them, to cause such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel to be weighed or drawn up; and in case the same shall not be redeemed, and all Expences paid within the Space of Ten Days, and dispose thereof for the Satisfaction of all the Expences necessarily incurred and occasioned in and about the weighing or drawing up the fame, and the Overplus (if any) shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Canal and shall suffer the Loading of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, Collateral navigating the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, or keobito&Jd Branches thereon, to lie over the Sides thereof, or shall overload any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel navigating thereon, so as by such Loading or Overloading to obstruct the Passage of any other Boar, Barge, or Vessel, and shall not immediately, upon Notice given of such Obstruction, hale such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel into such Place or Places, Opening or Openings, as shall be proper to be made for the Purpose of enabling Boats, Barges, and other Vessels to pass each other, or shall not otherwise remove the fame Obstruction, so as to make a free Passage for other Boats, Barges, or Vessels navigating thereon, every such Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons having the Care of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall throw any Ballad, Gravel, Stones, Rubbish,

Filth, Dirt, or other noisome or offensive Thing, or walh any Dogs or other Animals, or call any Dog, Cat, or other Animal or offensive Thing, or walh or clranfe any Cloth, or any Wool or Leather, or the Skins of Sheep, Lambs, or other Animals, in the said Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, or any of the Water thereunto belonging, or suffer or cause the Water of any Sink,

Sewer, or Drain to run or be conveyed into any Parc of the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, Trenches, Water-eourfes, or Balons, Pens of Water or Reservoirs, to be made by virtue of this Act, or shall wantonly or unneceffurily open, or cause to be opened, any Lock, Gate, Paddle, Valve, or Clough belonging to the said Canal, Locks not to its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, or suffer any Boat, Barge, or be left open, other Vessel, to strike or run upon any of the Bridges or Locks thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully flulh or draw off, or cause to beflulhed or drawn off the Water from any Part of the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, or shall leave any of the said Valves or Cloughs open and running after any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel,

shall have passed any Lock belonging to the fame, or shall draw, or cause to be drawn, any Paddle, Valve, or Clough, in any of the Lock Gates on the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, so as to mispend cr waste the Water thereof, or shall wilfully obffruft, hinder, or prevent any Person or Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds noi less than Forty, Shillings, and if any Person or Persons shall wilfullyand pen,i,y O0 maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Navigation, break, throw destroying

down d»« Worm.

452

41° GEORGII III. Cop. 3 i.

down, damage, or destroy any Banks or other Works to be crested and made by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall be judged guilty of Felony; and every loch Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Punishment and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court, by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of petty Larceny.

fLXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Boatman, Bargeman, ihe Locks or other Person navigating or having the Care of any Boat, Barge, ot other Vessel upon the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, and palTing through any Lock to be made thereon, shall suffer the Water to remain in such Lock for any longer Space of Time than is necessary for the Passage of his Boat, Barge, or other Vessel through the fame; or if such Boatman, Bargeman, or other Person as aforesaid, in going down the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, shall not, previous to his bringing his Boat, Barge, or other Vessel into any Lock, shut the Lower Gates of such Lock, and the Sluices thereto belonging, before he shall draw the Cloughs of the Upper Gates thereof or shall not, after he shall have brought such Boat or Barge, or other Vessel through the said Lock, shut the Upper Gates, before he shall draw the Cloughs of the Lower Gates 'thereof; or if any such Boatman, Bargeman, or Person as aforesaid, in going up the said Canal, or Collateral Cut or Cuts, towards the Head-Level or Head-Levels thereof, shall not shut, so soon as he shall have passed with his Boat, Barge, or other Vessel through the said Lock, the Upper Gates of the fame, before he shall draw the Cloughs of the Lower Gates thereof, unless there shall then be a Boat, Barge, or other Vessel coming down the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, in fight of the said Boatman, Bargeman, or other Person passing such Lock, in such Case the Lower Gates of the said Lock shall be left shut, and the Upper Gates shall be left open, and in all dry Seasons, when there shall be a Scarcity of Water in the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, the Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, so going up the fame, (if within Sight of a Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, so coming down,) and at a Distance not exceeding Two Huuared Yards below a Lock, shall pass through such Lock before the Boat, Barge, or other Vessel coming down, and then such other Boat, Barge, or other Vessel shall come down into the said Lock, and if there shall be more Boats, Barges, or other Vessels than One below and above any Lock at the same Time in any such dry Season, within the Distance aforesaid, (which Distance shall be distinguished by a Poll or Mark to be made and set up for that Purpose,) such Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, shall go up and come down at such Lock by Turns as aforesaid, until all the Boats and other Vessels so going up, or coming down, shall have passed the fame, by which Means One Lock full of Water may serve Two Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, every such Boatman, Bargeman, and other Person acting contrary to these Directions, in passing any such Lock or Locks shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such

Offence;

4*53

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 3r.

Offence; but if any Question or Dispute shall arise on his or their Conviction, whether it was or was not a dry Season, at the Time of such Offence committed, such Question shall be determined by the said Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall appear.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if ary Lock or Inclined Lockandln-Plane-Keeper, Wharfinger, or other Person employed by, or Servant be- jLllntd Planelonging to, the said Company of Proprietors, shall give any undue Pre- to'gf.V Preference, or shew any Partiality to any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel in ference. passing through any Lock or Locks upon the said Canal or Collateral Cut or Cuts, or in loading or unloading any Goods or Things at any of the Wharfs, Warehouses, Weigh-Beams, Cranes, or other Machines belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, every Person so offending shall, on Conviction, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Canal, its Btanches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, or any of the Works whatsoever to be made by virtue of this Act, shall not be subject to the Controul, Direction, Survey, or Order of any Commissioner of Sewers, or to any Law or Statute relating to Sewers whatsoever.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice or derogate from the Rights, Interests, Privileges, Franchises, or Authorities of the Lord Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter, or diminish any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction, which at the Time of making this Act the said Lord Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or the said Lord Mayor for the Time being, as Conservator of the River Thames, did or might lawfully claim, use, or exercise, nor to authorise or impower the said Company of Proprietors, their Workmen or Servants, or any of them, to embank, encroach upon, or interfere with any Part of the Soil or Bed of the River or the Banks and Shores thereof, (except so far as is hereinafter mentioned,) without the Licence and Consent of the said Lord Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Canal and Collateral Cuts not to be under the Power of Commissioners of Sewers. Saving the Rights of the City of London as Confer vatOrs Qllhtl burnt s.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro- Directing prietors shall pay to the Lord Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of what shall be the City of London, the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings, as a P*’^ tDe Fine or Acknowledgement for the Liberty of opening or enlarging Com- i,jtH /or munications between the said Canal and the River Thames, at or near cutting into Wilkinforis Gun Wharf, and at or near Vauxhall aforesaid, and shall the Thames. also pay to the said Lord Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, their Successors, Collectors, or Assigns for ever, an Annual Rent or Sum of Sixty Pounds, as a Compensation for the Diminution of the Tolls or Duties created and made payable by an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An [Loc. £sf Per.] 5 T Att

45+

Company empowered to cut into the Thames at Rotherbiike %ti&Vauxhall.

For preventing OblV action to the free Navigation

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

AEl for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City if L ondon to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames wtjlvourd of London Bridge, with.it the Liberties of the City of London, and for laying a small 1 oil in lieu thereof for the Purpose of more effectually completing the said Navigation, and for other s, to and for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Thames, and the other Purposes mentioned in the Laid recited Act, the said Annuil Sum to be payable by Half Yearly Payments at Lady Day and Michaelmas, and the First Half Yearly Payment to be made on the Fir It of those Days which shall happen next after the opening a Communication between the said Canal and the River Thames, and which said Annual Sum is hereby charged upon and made payable out of the Rates and Tolls of the said Undertaking, and may be recovered in the same Manner and with the fame Powers as are herein-before prescribed and given for the Recovery of the other Annual Rents made payable by virtue of this Act.

LXXXI. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That in consideration of the said Fine and Annual Sum, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to cur, make, and maintain the said Canal tnto the River Thames at or near the said Place called Wilkinfons Gun Wharf, and also to cut, make, or enlarge and maintain the said Canal into the River I homes, at or near Vauxhall aforesaid, and there to make and construd such Locks as shall be necdTary, not exceeding Thirty-two Feet in Width, and for this Purpose to conllrud Coffer Dams or Batter-deauxs on the Beach of the said River, to keep out the Water while the said Locks and other Works are constructing, and at any Time or Times afterward when the same shall want repairing, and when necdTary to scour, cut, and deepen the said Beach, so as to maintain an Entrance sufficiently deep to enable Boats, Barges, and other Vessels to navigate to and from the said Canal into and out ot me said River Thames, at or near Wilkinson s Gun Wharf and Vauxhall aforesaid at all Times: Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to authorise the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person acting under their Authority, cr any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to enter into or upon the Lands or Grounds of the Right Honourable Sir John Mitford in the Parishes of Streatham and Mitcham, or either of them, or to take any Water therefrom, or to interrupt or alter any Stream running through the fame, or to prevent the said Sir 7ohn Mitford, his Heirs or Assigns, from using any such Water or Stream, or to do any other Act which may injure or affect the fame Lands or Grounds, or any of them, without the previous Consent in Writing of the said Sir John Mitford, his Heirs, or Assigns, first had and obtained under his or their Hand or Hands for that Purpose; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That for the preventing Obstrudions to the Navigation of the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, and for the better Preservation of the Banks thereof, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to draw

of

4.-x° GEORGII in Cap. 3r. 455

off or tike out any Water from the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral of the Canal,

Cut or Cuts, Basons, Reservoirs, or Feeders, or to use any

Nt ts or other Fngints of any K'nd or Soil wharforver for the catching. Benches, by

fnaring, or taking of Fish of any Soit or Species whats ever, without catching

Licence or Permission being first had and obtained from the said Company of Proprietors, any Thing herein contained to the contrary

thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever, without Licence first had and obtained as aforesaid, shall Cy'o'keV float, trail, or tow, any Timber emerged in the Water, or shall row any Goods or Boat, Barge, or other Vessel by Oars, or pass them along by Means of Things, Setts or Poles upon the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, r°pJ"% then and in every such Case every Person or Persons so offending, or p.nfng" shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding them wiiK Forty Shillings. Setts or

6 Poles.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Company’* to and for the said Company of Proprietors, by themselves or their Agents 10 b*

or Servants, at any Time or Times, upon reasonable Not'ce in the Day *,er' CJdi Time, to enter upon any Lands through or near which the said Canal, or M nes, i» its Branches, C ollateral Cut or Cuts, and Works hereby authorised to be view the made, shall be or pass, wherein any Mines shall or may have been dug, ^or*u’ opened, or wrought, and likewise to enter into all such Mines, and there to view, search, and measure, latch-dial, and use all other Means for discovering the Distanre of the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, and Towing Paths, from the working Parts of such Mines respectively j and in case it shall appear that any Mine hath been opened or wrought under the said Canal, its Branches, Collateral Cut or Cuts, or any Basons, Pens of Water, or other Works belonging thereto, or so near thereto, as to endanger or damage the fame, it shall be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and for their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, at the Expence, Cods, and Charges, of the Owners or Proprietors of such Mine or Mines, to enter into and upon such Mine and Mines, and from Time to Time to use all reasonable Ways and Means for repairing, supporting, fuflaining, securing, and making safe the said Canal, its Branches, and Collateral Cut or Cuts, Towing Paths, and other Works, or any of them, and such Expences, Colts, and Charges shall, in case such Mine or Mines shall have been so worked or wrought subsequent to the Commencement of this Act, be recovered by the said Company of Proprietors in case of Non-paymenc thereof upon Demand, in such and the same Manner as any Penalty is herein directed to be recovered, and shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors, for the Use and Benefit of the said Company.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Persons who Subscribers have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe, or advance any Money compelled to for and towards making and maintaining the said Canal, itsBranches, and E*Lt,1*,r Collateral Cut or Cuts, and the other Works hereby authorised to be made, Iign,c,r,p* shall and are hereby required to pay the SumorSums by them respectively subscribed, (or such Parts and Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Time he called for by the said Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, by virtue of the Power and Directions of this Act,) at such Times and Places, and in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Committee; and in case any of such Subscribers shall neglect or refuse to pay the same at the Time and Place, and in Manner so required, for that Purpose, the said Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered to sue for and recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law or Equity whatever.

Fines and

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures. Forfeitures instidted by this Act, or which shall be instidted by any Rule, Order, or Bye-Law to be made in pursuance thereof, (the levying and Recovery whereof is or are not particula'ly herein-before directed,) shall, in case of Non-payment thereof, on Conviction of the Offenders rel'pec-tively, on his, her, or their Confession, or on the Evidence of any Oneor more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall be or reside, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices; and every such Justice is hereby authorised and required to examine Witnesses on Oath, and hear and determine the fame; and all such Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, (the Application whereof is not herein-before pa-ticularly directed,) shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be applied and disposed of for the Use of the said Company, and the Overplus of the Monry raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducing the Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, and the Expences of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for Want of fufneient Distress, and in case the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

Perfom

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be

aggrieved by macje |or any gum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, t^’e Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Par-recover only ties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of the Special any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Damages. Distress>

or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ab Initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXXXVIII. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace he-

7 fore

456

457

41° GEO. III. Cap. 31,

fore whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act,' shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form: videlicet,

‘ TJE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted before Conviction.

me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of

‘ (Specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and

‘ where committed, as the Case may be,) contrary to an Act of Parliament passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of King George the ‘ Third, intituled [Here Jet forth the Title of the Act], Given under my ' Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above mentioned.’

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shal^ Parfom think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Order or Judgment aggrieved made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Printed Bye Law, or Order of the Qu*r-said Company of Proprietors, or by any Order, Judgment, or Determination ter Setters, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, then, and in such Case, he, she, or they may, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions to be holden in and for the County in which the Caule of Appeal shall arise (first giving Ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Nature thereof, and within Three Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon); and the said Justices shall upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, either hear and determine the said Appeal at such General Quarter Sessions, or if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for such County; and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye-Law, Order, or Determination, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, as they shall judge rea-l'onable; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Proceeding! Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Cer- not to be tiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Ma- S"a(hed for jesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere, any Law or Statute °*or to the contrary notwithstanding. removableby

Ctrtitrari,

XC. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Action«. Corporate, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall have ceased, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Matter in dispute or Cause shall atife, and r.ot elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action [Lee. & Per.] 5 Z or

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in purl'uanccand by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall he brought after 'he Time so lin ited for bringing the fan e, ur in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants j or it the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuanccof his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or it upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the lame as any Defendant hath for Colls of Suit in other Cales by Law.

Public Afl. XCI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, as such, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*t*t*

An Act for enabling Charlotta Bethell Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River //«//, at a Point in the Parish of Leven, near the Boundary between EJkc and Leven Carrs, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Leven Bridge in the said Riding.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a Navigable Canal from the River Hull, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Leven Bridge, near the Town of Leven in the said Riding, would not only open a Communication for the more commodious Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, between the said Town of Leven and the Port of Kingston-upon-Hull, but would also tend to the Improvement of the Agriculture of the Country, by rendering the Carriage of Lime and Manure more easy and convenient, and would in other Respects be of publick Utility: And whereas Charlotta Bethell of Rife in the County of York, Widow, is feiled or possessed of the Lands and Grounds through which the said Canal is proposed to be made, and is willing and desirous to make and complete such Canal: And whereas Part of the said Lands and Grounds are Copyhold, and held of the Manor of Leven, of which

Cap. 32.

[21st May 1801.]

[Lot. & Per.']

6 A

Manor

41° TGEORGIT m. Cap. 32.

Manor the said Chariotta Betbell is the Lady, and in order to the facilitating of such intended Undertaking, she hath purchased the Copyhold Interest in such Part of the said Lands and Grounds, and the fame, (confiding of about Ten Acres), have" been lurrendered to the Use of her and her '.Heirs, whereby the Copyhold Interests therein have been extinguished* and she the said Charlotta Betbell is willing to be at the Expence of making and completing such Navigable Canal: But inalmuch as the fame cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament; may it therefore pkafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it erwfted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Charlotta Betbell, or the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be in the actual Possedion, or entitled to the Rems and Profits-of the Lands ancf Grounds through which the said Canal is intended to pass, shall and may, and (he and they respectively is and are hereby empowered by herself, himself, or themselves, her, his, or their Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, to make and complete a Canal navigable for Boats and other Vessels from and out of the River Hull, at a Point in the Parish of Leven, near the Boundary between Ejke and Liven Carr's, in the said East Riding, to Leven Bridge in the fame Riding, and to supply the said intended Canal while making, and at all Times for ever after the same shall be made, with Water from the said River Hull, and all such Brooks, Springs, Streams, Rivulets, Waters, and Watercourses, as are or shall flow or be found in digging or making the said Canal, and also such and so many Soughs, Tunnels, Feeders, aqueducts, and Channels, for supplying the said Canal with Water, as by the said Charlotta Betbell, or the Person or Persons hereby authorized as aforesaid, shall be deemed necessary and proper; and also for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, to cleanse, scour, and dig, open, deepen, enlarge, or straighten the Streams, Brcoks, and Watercourses which come or may be brought into the fame or communicate therewith, and to dig, cut, or raise the Banks of any of the said Streams, Brooks, or Watercourses for bringing Water into the said Canal, and to majee such proper Trenches or Passages for Water in, upon, or through the Lands or Grounds, adjoining or near to the said Canal, or fixh Streams, Brooks, or Watercourses as aforesaid, as the said Charlotta Betbell, or the Person or Persons hereby authorized as aforesaid, shall think fit; and for the Purposes aforesaid, fbe and they, her and their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Work-'men, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to enter into and upon all or any of the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Leven, and to survey and take Levels of the fame, or any Part thereof, and to fee out and ascertain such Parts thereof as (he or they shall think necessary and proper for making the said intended Canal, Feeders and aqueducts, and all such other Works, Matters, and Conveniences, as (he or they shall think proper and necessary for making, effecting, preserving, improving, completing, maintaining, and using the said intended Canal and other Works; and also to bore, dig, cut, trench, sough, get, remove, carry away, and dispose of all such Earth, Clay, Stcne, Soil, Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel, Sand, or any other Matters or Things as may be found in making the said intended Canal or other Works, or which may be proper, requisite, or necessary for making, carrying on, continuing, maintaining, or repairing the said intended

Canal

41° GEORGII in Cap.'32.

Canal or other Works, or which may hinder, prevent, or obstruct the making, using, or completing, extending, or maintaining the fame respectively, or of any such Feeders, Trencher, Passages, Aqueducts, and Watercourses, as shall be necessary and proper to convey Water to or from the said Canal, according to the Intent and Purpose of this Act* and to make, build, erect, andfetupin or upon the said Canal, or upon che Lands adjoining or near the fame, such and so many Bridges, Piers, Arches, Tunnels, Aqueducts, Sluices, Flood Gates, Weirs, Pens for Water, Water Stanks, Dams, Wharfs, Quays, Houses, Warehouses, Toll Houses, Watchhouses, Landing Places, Weighing Beams, Cranes, Fire Engines, or other Machines, Dry Docks, and other Works, Ways, Roads, and Conveniences, as and where the said Charlotta Bithell, or the Person or Persons so hereby authorized as aforesaid, shall think necessary and convenient for the Purposes of the said Navigation, and also from Time to Time to alter, repair, and amend, or discontinue the fame, and to divert, alter, widen, enlarge, and extend any Bridges, Wrays, Roads, Passages, or Conveniences, as well for the carrying and Conveying of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, to and from the said Canal, as for the carrying and conveying of all Manner of Materials necessary for the making, erecting, finishing, altering, repairing, amending, widening, or enlarging the said Canal, and the Works of or belonging to the fame, or useful for any Purpose therein , and also to place, lay, work, or manu-fadlure the said Materials on the Grounds near to the place or Places where the said Works, or any of them, shall be made, erected, repaired, or done; and also to make, maintain, repair, and alter any Fences or Passages over, under, or through the said Canal, or the Tunnels, Aque-dudts, Soughs, Trenches, Fafiages, Feeders, Watercourses, and Sluices respectively, which shall communicate therewith; and also to make, fee out, and appoint such Towing Paths, Banks, Roads, and Ways, conve. nient for towing, haling, or drawing of Boats and other Vessels passing upon the said Canal, with Men, Horses, or otherwise, and proper Places for Boats and other Vessels navigating upon the said Canal, to turn, lie, or pass each other, as the said Charlotta Betbell, or the Person or Persons hereby authorized as aforesaid, shall think convenient; and to construct, erect, and keep in Repair any Piers, Arches, Aqueducts, and other Work* in or upon, or across any Rivers or Brooks, for the making, using, maintaining, and repairing of the said Canal and Towing Paths on the Sides thereof, and to construct, erect, make, and do all other Matters and Things which (he or they respectively shall think convenient and necessary for the making, effecting, extending, preserving, improving, completing, and using of the said intended Canal and other Works, in pursuance of and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; the said Charlotta Betbell, or the Person or Persons so hereby authorized as aforesaid, her and their respective Deputies, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the several Powers to them respectively hereby granted, and making Satisfaction to the Occupiers of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be taken and removed, or prejudiced, for all Damages to be by them sustained in or by the Execution of all or any of the Powers of this Act; and this Act shall be fuflkirnt to indemnify the said Charlotta Betbell, and the Person or Persons hereby authorized as aforesaid, and her or or their respective Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Wotkmen, and all other Persons whomsoever, for what they or any of them Hull do by virtue

464

‘Certain Copyholds |>ur-cha fed by !Mittre/s Beth-nor to be demiftd by Copy, and so much as may not be u fed for the Navigation to be veiled in her in Fee. Kreadth of Canal and Towing Paths.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

virtue of the Powers hereby granted, subject nevertheless to such Restrictions as are herein-after mentioned: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize the making of any Towing Path or Haling Way upon the East Bank of the River Hull.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the said Lands (b purchased by and surrendered to the Use of the Lid Chariot ta Bell til and her Heirs as aforesaid, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease to be demifable by Copy of Court Roll by the said Chariotta Betbell or any other Person or Persons claiming or to claim the said Manor; and that fu much of the said Lands as shall not be used for the Purposes of the said intended Navigation shall be deemed, as against all such other Persons, to be vested in the said Charlotta Betbell and her Heirs for ever.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Lands or Grounds to be

taken or used for such Canal, and for the Towing Paths thereof, and for the Ditches, Drains, and Fences to separate such Towing Paths from the adjoining Lands, shall not exceed Forcy-six Yards in Breadth, except

in such Places where any Docks, Basons, or Pens of Water, shall be

made, or where the said Canal, or any Part thereof, shall be cut above

Nine Feet deeper than the present Surface of the Land, nor in any Place more titan Fifty-two Yards in Breadth.

Ciiuitobe

IV. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the Line of the said

niafle pm- intended Canal, and the Lands through which the fame is intended to

plan*left*with carried, together with a Book of Reference, containing a List of the clerk of the Names of the Occupiers of such Lands hath been deposited at the the Peace. office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said East Riding; be it there.

fore enabled. That the said Plan and Book of’ Reference shall remain in the Custody of the said Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, in order that all Persons may at seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and perule the fame, and to make Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom at their Will and Pleal'ure, paying such Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every Two hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Book of Reference, and that the said Charlotta Betbell, or such Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, shall not deviate from the Line thereof so described in the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands through which any such Deviation may be intended to be made: Provided always, That no Advantage shall be taken of or against her or them, or any Interruption be given to the making of the said Canal, on Account of any Error or Omission in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear and be certified by Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Riding that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

V. And be it for ther enacted,-That the said Canal, or any other Works whatsoever, to be made by virtue of the Powers hereby granted, (halt not be subject to the Controul, Direction, Survey, Order, or Jurisdiction of any Commission of Sewers, or to any Law or Stature relating to Sewers, any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

4t

Canal not to

be subject so the Laws of Sewer >.

YL Provided

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for JVi'liam Jessop, of Ne-wark-ttpon-Tretit in the County of Nottingham, Engineer, and James Crtaffy, of- Buxwood Coppice, in the County of Sussex, Engineer, and they are hereby authorized and required, before the said intended Canal shall be begun to be made, to meec on the Lands and Grounds through which the fame is meant to pass, in order to examine the Soil thereof, and to asceruin the Levels, and the Dimensions of the Drains and Bridges made and construded under the Authority of the Acts of Parliament herein-after mentioned, and to make every Enquiry, and to take every Step tequisite to enable them to determine what ought to be the proper Width and Depth of the said Canal, and also what ought to be the Dimensions and Constructions of the Locks, Culverts, Weir*, or other Works nerefiary for the Purpose of the said Cana), and also what ought to be the proper Level for the Surface of the Water in the fame, to the Intent that the said Canal, and the Works appertaining thereto, may be construded so as not to be injurious to the Drainage carried on under the Authority of the said Acts; and the said Engineers shall and they are hereby required, within Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, to make their Report in Writing touching the Matters alorciltid, and to deliver the fame, or a Duplicate thereof, to the Cjetk to the Trustees acting under the Two Acts of Parliament hereinafter mentioned, to be by him, and the succeeding Clerks to the said Trustees for the Time being, preferred as Evidence of such Report.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the said JVII-Ham Jessop shall die, or decline, or become incapable to act as such Engineer as aforesaid, the said Charlotta Bethell, or the Person or Persons hereby authorized to make the Canal as aforesaid, shall appoint another Engineer to ad in his Place, and in like Manner appoint an Engineer in the Place of any future Engineer of her or his Nomination, who may die, or decline, or become incapable to act as aforesaid-, and that in case the said James Creaffy shall die, or decline, or become incapable to act as such Engineer as aforesaid, the Trustees acting under the Authority of the Acts of Parliament herein-after mentioned, or any Five or mere of them, shall appoint another Engineer to ad in his Place; and in like Manner appoint an Engineer in the Place of any future Engineer of their Nomination who may die, or decline, or become incapable to act as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further-enacted, That in case the acting Engineers for the Time being shall differ in Opinion upon all or any of the Matters aforesaid, then and in such Case all the Powers and Authorities hereby given to them, shall be transferred unto and veiled in John Rennie, of Stamford Street in the County of Surrey, Engineer, l'o far as relates to all the Matters in Difference between the aforesaid Engineers i or in case he shall die, or decline, or become incapable to ad, then unto and in such other Engineer as the Two Engineers shall appoint in Writing, who shall make his Report in Writing touching the Matters aforesaid, within Three Calendar Months next atter his Appointment, and shall deliver the fame, or a Duplicate thereof, to the Trustees acting under the Two Acts of Parliament herein-after mentioned, to be by him and the succeeding Clerks to the said Trustees for the Time being, preserved as Evidence of such Report.

ILcc. & Per.2

465

Canal to be made pursuant to the Determination of Mr. Jessop and Mr. Creajff Engineer*.

Appointing new Engineers, on Death, etc%

In case the Two Engineers differ In Opinion, Powers to vest in one other Engineer.

6B

466

Mrs Bitbett, etc. tjd fray the Ex ence of the Engineer*, ana not to deviate from Eiui-neei r Deter-m»narion, without Content of Trul-tees of the Hol.it rnest Drainage*

Power to the Surveyor of the Holder ness Drainage to inspect the the Works of Navigation, etc.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

IX. And be it further enacted and declared, That the said Charlotla Betbell, or the Person or Persons hereby authorized to make such Canal as aforesaid, shall debay all the Colls, Charges, and Expences attending or preparatory to such Report; and that it shall not be lawful for her, or him, or them, to deviate from the Mode of Execution directed by such Engineers or Engineer reflectively, without the Content of the Trustees appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining, preserving, and imprinting the Low Grounds and Carrs J>tng and being in the Panjbes, Townships, Hamlets, Lordships, Preempts, and Territories of Sutton, Ganltead, Swine, Benningholme, Benningholme Grange, and Fairholme, North Skirlaugh, Rowtan, Arnold, Long Rilton, Leven, Hcigholme, Hallytreeholme, Brandes Burton, and Burfall, Elke, Tickton, Weel, Routh, Meaux, and Waghen otbekwife Wawn, in Holdemefs, in the East Riding of the County of York; and also an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for rendering the former Act more effectual, or the major Part of the said Trustees who shall be assembled at any publick Meeting held under or bf virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, and without Twenty-one Days Notice of the Application for such Consent being given in one of the York and one of the Hull Newspapers, and also to the Clerk to the said Trustees previous to such Meeting.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor for the Time being, acting under the Authority of the Trustees for executing the Two Acts herein-before mentioned, and also for the said Trustees trorn Time to Time and at all Times after the passing of this Act, to enter into and upon the Lands or Grounds through or over which the said intended Canal is to pass, and to inspect and examine into the Banks or other Works hereby authorized to be made, in order that the said Trustees may be satished, upon their own View, and upon the Report of such Surveyor from Time to Time, that such Banks or other Works have been substantially and well executed in the first Instance; and also that they may in like Manner be satisfied as to the future State thereof respectively; and if afeer reasonable Notice to the Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being, of the said intended Canal, from such Trustees, or their Clerk or Surveyor, or other Officer, of any Defect in the original Formation, Construction, or Completion of such Banks or other Works, or of any future Want of Reparation of the fame respectively, the Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being of the said intended Canal, or their Agent or Agents, shall not make, or tause to be made, an Amendment of the Defect or Want of Reparation of which such Notice shall be given, then and so often as the Cale shall happen, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause such Amendment to be made or done, and all the reasonable E-tpences attending the same shall be paid and discharged by the Proprietor, or Proprietors for the Time being of the said intended Canal, within Three Calendar Months next after Demand in Writing shall have been made and delivered thereof; and in Default of such Payment it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, assembled at any of their publick Meetings, and they are hereby required, by an Order under their Hands, to appoint One or more Person or Persons to collect, and such Person or Persons is and are hereby authorized and empowered to collect the Rates hereby granted and made payable in such and the like Manner as the Proprietor and Proprie-

467

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

tors for the Time being of the said intended Canal is and are hereby authorized to collect, recover, and receive the same, and to pay the same to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer for the Time being, until all the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the Amendment of any Defect or Want of Reparation, of which such Notice shall be given as aforesaid, and also the Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending upon the Collection, Recovery, and Receipt of such Rates shall be fully paid andfatisfied.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Charlotta Bethel!, or the Person or Persons hereby authorized as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, well and sufficiently indemnify and save harmless the Trustees appointed or to be appointed, andafling under the Authority of the Two Acts of Parliament herein-before mentioned *, and also the Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Low Grounds and Carrs, of, from, and against all Injury and D image whatsoever which shall or may arise to the said Low Grounds and Carrs fub-jefl to the said Two Acts, by the making or maintaining, or by neg-leCling to maintain and repair the said intended Canal or the Banks and Works thereof, or by any Overflow cf Water over the Bank, or which may be occasioned by the breaking down of any of the Banks or W< rks belonging thereto, and also of, from, and against all Costs, Charges, and Expences which any of the Proprietors and Persons interested as aforesaid shall sustain, expend, or be put unto by the Means aforesaid, or any of them , and such Proprietors and Persons interested as aforesaid shall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times, have, take, and use such and the like Remedy and Remedies, in order to obtain such Satisfaction for such Injury and Damage as aforesaid as is herein-before given to the said Trustees, or a Person or Persons to be appointed by them, in order to obtain the Amendment of any Defect in the original Formation, Construction, or Completion of the said Banks or other Works, or any future Reparation of the fame respectively.

XII. And, in Consideration of the great Charge and Expence which the Person or Persons so hereby authorized as aforesaid, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said intended Canal for the Time being, must incur in making and maintaining the fame, and the Works hereby authorized to be made and maintained; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Proprietor or Proprietors, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to ask, demand, and recover, to and for her, his, or their own Use and Benefit, the several Rates herein-after mentioned, for the Tonnage and Wharfage of all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Things whatsoever, which shall be carried or conveyed upon the said Canal, the whole Length thereof or any Part thereof; (that is to say),

For all Lime and Limestone, Dung, Soot, Rape Dust, and other Manure the Sum of Sixpence per Ton

For all Coal and Coak, the Sum of Nine-pence per Ton

For all Wheat, Rye, Beans, Pease, Malt, Oats, Barley, Rape Seed, Mustard Seed, Linfecd, and other Grain, and Seeds of all Sorts, and for all Stones, Bricks, Tiles, Slate, and Sand, the Sum of One Shilling per Ton:

For all other Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Things whatsoever, the Sum of One Shilling per Ton.

And in all Cases where there shall be a Fraction of a Ton in the Weight of Lading in any Boat or Vessel so to be navigated on the said Canal, a

Proportion

Mrs BetheV% (sic. to indemnify tli^Trustees and Proprietors of the Holderness Drainage against any injury to arise from making tic. the Canal*

Rates of Tonnage,

Where there shall be a Fraction of a Ton a Proportion

468 4 GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

tta if betaken ^>roPor"‘on of the said Rates shall be demanded and taken by such Pry.

3 - prietor or Proprietors according to the Number of (Quarters of a 'fyn

contained therein; all which laid Rates shall be paid to such Person or Persons, at such Place or Places near to the said Canal, in such Mannar, and under such Regulations, as the said Proprietor or Proprietors shall Raies ery°f direct or appoint j and in case of Denial or Neglect of Payment of any such Rates, or any Part thereof, on Demand, to the Person or Perfom appointed to receive the same, the said Proprietor or Proprietors may sue for the same by Action of Debt or upon the Cafe in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Person or Persons to whom such Rates ought to have been paid may, and flie, he, and they is and are hereby empowered to seize and distrain the Goods or other Things for or in respect whereof any such Rates ought to have been paid, or any Part thereof, or the Boat or other Vessel laden therewith, and detain the fame until Payment thereof shall be made, together with reasonable Charges for such Seizure and Distress; and if such Distress shall not be redeemed within Five Days next after the taking thereof, the same shall be appraised and sold as the Law directs in Cases of Distress for Rent; and the said Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being, shall have full Power from Time to Time to lower or reduce all or any of the said Rates, and again to taife the same to such Sums as lhe or they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sums before mentioned, as often as it shall be deemed necessary for the Interests of the said intended Undertaking.

Further All Jowance for Goods remaining upon a Wharf a certain Time.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any other Matters or Things whatsoever, which shall be so carried and conveyed on the said intended Canal, shall lie or remain upon any Wharf or Wharfs, Quay or Quays, belonging to the said Proprietor or Proprietors, for above the Space of Twenty-four Hours, then and in such Case the said Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being, shall be entitled to receive such reasonable Rates or Allowances, over and above the Rates herein-before authorized to be taken, as shall be agreed upon between the said Proprietor or Proprietors, or her, his, or their Agent, and the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Things; and in case of any Dispute concerning the same, it shall be settled and adjusted by any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Riding.

foTth^Time

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said being empow- Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being, and (he and they is and are the R.'te"* hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under her or their Hand 1 ' and Seal or Hands and Seals, at any Time or Tunes to let or farm the

Rates hereby granted, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon the Whole, or any Part or Parts of the said Canal, unto any Person or Persons for apy Time or Term such Proprietor or Proprietors shall think proper, not exceeding Three Years from the Commencement of any Leafej and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual , and the Lessee or Lessees thereof, and all such Person or Persons as such Lessee or Lessees shall appoint to collect and receive the Rates so let, shall, during the Continuance of every such Lease, be deemed Collectors of the Rates so let, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting and recovering the fame, as’ if they had been appointed for that Purpose by the said Proprietor or Proprietors, so as such Rates be reserved so as to be incident to and go along with the Reversion or Remainder expectant on the Determination

469

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

of such Lease, in the Nature of Rents arising from the Lands and Grounds through which the said Canal is intended to pass, and so as publick Notice of the Intention to let the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, be given by the said Proprietor or Proprietors under her or their Hand or Hands, by Advertisement in One or more of the Newspapers usually circulated in the Neighbourhood.

XV'. And, for the better ascertaining, and more easy, effectual, and Mafttrs of just Collection of the said Rates hereby directed to be paid to the said Accmmtof Proprietor or Proprietors, be it further enacted, That the Mailer, Owner, their Lading, or other Person having the Care of every Boat or other Vessel navigated upon the said Canal, or any Part thereof, shall give to the Collectors of the said Rates, or any other Person to be appointed for such Purpose by the said Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being, at the Place or Places where they shall attend for that Purpose, a just Account in Writing, signed by the Mafttr, Owner, or other Person or Persons having the Care of such Boat or other Vessd, of the Quantities and Weight of such "Goods and other Things, and of their Nature, Sort, or Kind, which shall be embarked in or upon each such Boat ot other Vessel, from whence brought, and where the fame is intended to be landed; and if the Goods or other Things contained in any such Boat or other Vessel, shall be liable to the Payment of different Rates, then such Master, Owner, or other Person or Persons having the Care thereof, shall specify the Quantity liable to the Payment of each of the said Rates; and in case he or they shall neglect or refuse to give such Account, or shall refuse to produce his or their Invoice or Bill of Lading to the said Collector or other Person to be appointed as aforesaid, demanding the fame, or shall, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Rates, or any Part thereof, give a false Account, or deliver any Parc of such Lading or Goods at any other Place or Places than what is or are mentioned in that Account, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Shillings nor Jess than Ten Shillings, for every Ton of Goods and other Things (and so in Proportion for any leis Quantity than a Ton) which shall be in or be conveyed by any such Boat or other Vessel respectively, of which or of whose Lading such Account shall be refused, or such false Account given, or whose Lading shall be delivered out as aforesaid, as the Case shall happen, to be over and above the aforesaid respective Rates which shall be payable for the same.

XVI. And, for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Timber or Wood what Quanti to be charged with the Payment of such Rates as aforesaid, and the Content b'rand Goods and Burthen of the Boats and other Vessels carrying and conveying fu h shall be deon-Timber or Wood, and also all other Goods, Matters, and Things on the cd a Ton>

Lid Canal; be it further enacted and declared, That Forty Cubic Feet cf Oak, Ash, or Elm Timber, and Fifty Cubic Feet of F‘ir or Deal Balk, Poplar, Beech or Birch, shall be respectively deemed, rated, and estimated as or for One Ton Weight, and that One hundred and Twenty Pounds Weight avoirdupois, shall be deemed and taken as and for One hundred Weight with respect to Cual or Coak, and One hundred and twelve Pounds Weight with respect to other Articles (any Usage of rating or estimating the same to the contra y notwithstanding); and if any Difference shall arile between any Collector of the said Rates, and the Master or other Person having the Care or Charge of any Boat or other [Lk. & Per.'] 6 C Vessd

47°

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

Vessel, or the Owner of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Things loaded or embarked therein, concerning the Measure of such Timber, or concerning the Weight or Quantity of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Matters or Things therein embarked or tontained, it shall be lawful for any inch Collector to (fop and detain any such Boat or other Vessel, and to weigh, tneafure and gauge, or caofe to be weighed, measured, or gauged, such Boat or other Vessel, and all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or other Matters and Things as shall be therein embarked or contained; and in calc the lame shall upon such weighing, measuring, or gauging, appear to be of greater Measure, Weight, or Quantity than the Account given thereof by such Master, Owner, or other Person having the Care or Charge of such Boat or other Vessel, then the Owner or other Person giving in such Account shall pay the Costs and Charges of such w.ighing, measuring, and gauging, all which Costsand Charges, upon Refusal of Payment on Demand, shall and may be recovered and levied in the same Manner as the said Rates are hereby appointed to be recovered and levied; but if such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Matters and Things, shall appear to be of the fame or of a less Weight or Quantity than the Account given thereof by the said Mailer, Owner, or other Person, then the said Collector shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, measuring, anil gauging, and shall also pay to such Master or other Person, or to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Things, such Damages as shall appear to Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, upon the Oath of any credible Witness (which Oath such Justice or Justices is or are hereby empowered and required to administer) to have arisen from such Detcntton, and in Default of immediate Payment thereof, the lame shall be recovered from the said Proprietor or Proprietors by A&iun of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record.

Navigation ta

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons whomsoever shall Paymetnof *lave free Liberty to navigate and pass upon, and use the said Canal with Rates un*r Boats or Vessels (of Pleasure or otherwise) and to employ the said Wharfs it rid ion!!'" or Quays fur loading and unloading such Goods, Wares, Merchandize,

and Things, and also to use the said Towing Paths with Men, or with Horses or other Cattle, for haling and drawing such Boats and Vessels, upon paying such Rates as shall be demanded by the said Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being, not exceeding the Sums herein-before mentioned, provided the said Boats and other Vessels shall not, without the Consent of the said Proprietor or Proprietors, use the said Navigation at any other Times than between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Five in the Evening, during the Months of November, December, "January, and February, between the Hours of Five in the Morning and Seven in the Evening, during the Months of March, April, September, and October, and between the Hours of Four in the Morning and Nine in the Evening, during the Months of May, June, July, and August, in every Year.

veiftU ob-

XVIII. And be it further enacted, Thar, if any Boat or other Vessel Na»f1"tfon"to ^e P^ced or shall lie abreast in any Part of the said Canal, or of be rein- veil, any Trench, Sluice, or other Passage belonging thereto, not being moored sunk'to^be at ^n(^s> or *f any Person or Persons navigating and having the Cafe weighed, of

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 32. 47J

of any Boat or other Vessel, shall wilfully obfbuft the Navigation of the said Canal by Means of the displacing or otherwise miscondufting f.ich Boat or other Vessel, and shall not immediately upon Request made moor the fame at both Ends, or alter the Situation of I'tich Boat or other Vessel, or otherwise flop or effectually secure the fame, as the Case shall require, so that the said Obfhuftion shall cease and be removed, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, and also a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, for every Hour during which such Obffruftion shall continue after the making of such Request; and it shall be lawful for the Agents or Servants of the said Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being, or any of them, to cause any such Boat or other Vessel to be unloaded if neerflary, and to be removed in such Manner as shall be proper for preventing such Obstruction in the Navigation, and to seize and detain such Boat or other Vessel, and the Loading thereof, or any Part of such Loading, until the Charges occasioned by such unloading and Removal shall be paid; and if any Boat or other Vessel shall fink in any Part of the said Canal, or in any such Trench or Sluice as aforesaid, and the Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons having the Care of such Boat or other Vessel, shall not, without Loss of Time, weigh or draw up the fame, it shall be lawful for the_ Agents or Servants of the said Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being, or any of them, to cause such Boat or other Vessel to be weighed or drawn up, and to detain and keep the fame until Payment shall be made of all the Expences thereby necessarily incurred and occasioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on float any Timber upon the said Canal, or shall suffer the Loading of any °*r' Boat or other Vessel navigated thereon to lie over the Sides thereof, or obstructing shall overload any Boat or other Vessel navigating thereon, so as by such [tefai^CwiaT floating, loading, or overloading, to obstruct the Passage of any other Boat or Vessel, and shall not immediately, upon Notice given of such Obstruction, hale such Boat or Vessel into such Place or Places,

Opening or Openings, as shall be proper or be made for the Purpose of enabling Boats and other Vessels to pafseach other, or shall not otherwise remove the fame so as to make a fiee PafT ge for other Boats or Vessels navigating thereon, every such Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons floating such Timber, or having the Care of such Boat or other Vessel, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and it any Person shall throw any Ballast, Gravel, pen, ityon Stones, or Rubbish, into any Part of the said Canal, or if any Person or Persons wan-Persons whomsoever shall wantonly or maliciously open or cause to be opened any Lock, Paddle, Valve, or Clough, belonging to the said Ca- or Joingother nal, or suffer any Boat or other Vessel to strike or run upon any of the D’mage.to Bridges or Locks thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully flush tion. ,vl£*‘ or draw off, or cause to be fluffed or diawn off, any Water fresh any Part of the said Canal, or shall leave any of the said Valves and Cloughs open and running after any Boat or other Vessel shall have passed any Lock belonging to the fame, or shall draw or cause to be drawn any Paddle, Valve, or Clough, in any of the Lock Gates on the said Navigation so as to mispend or waste the Water thereof, or shall wilfully obstruct, hinder, or prevent any Person in the Execution of this Act, every Person

offending

472

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 32*

offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

Maiters to

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Owner, Matter, or Person Names oii the having the Care or Command of any Boat or other Vessel patting upon outside of the said Canal, shall cause his Name and Place of Abode, and the Num-their Boats. ber or jjCr goat or o;|ier VelTcI, to be entered with the Clerk or Clerks, Agent or Agents, to the said Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being, and shall also cause such Name and Number to be painted in large White Capital Letters and Figures on a Black Ground, Three Inches high at the least, and of a proportionable Breadth, on the Outside of the Head or Stern of every such Boat, or other Vessel, higher than the Place Weijht of the to which the same shall fink into the Water when full laden; and shall Vt(r"sKt°fbehe a'f°> if required so to do by the Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time marked. being, fix on each Side thereof respectively correct Indexes of Copper, Lead, or other Meta], of such graduated Dimensions, and of such con* ' venient Height, and under such Regulations as the said Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being lnall from Time to Time direct, so that the true Weight of the Lading on board at all Times be thereby ascertainrd and shewn, and shall permit and suffer every such Boat, or other VeflH to be gauged, weighed, or meafijred, at the Expence of the said Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being, whenever it shall be required by them, or any Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose; am! evny Owner, Matter, or other Person having the Care or Command o aiiv Boar, or other Vessel, who shall navigate the fame upon the said Canal without having such Name, Figures and Index thereon as are herein-before directed, or shall alter, erase, deface or destroy the fame, or any Part thereof, or shall fix any false Name, Figures, or Index, or who shall refuse to permit and suffer the same to be gauged and mealuird, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Boat Owners

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or Owner of every ableVC<DUnt" ®03t or °'her Vessel navigated upon the said Canal, shall be and is hereby mages doneby made arrfwerable for any Trespass, Damage, Spoil, or Mischief that Ih .11, Hie Boatmen, by his Boat or other Vessel, or by any of the Boatmen, Watermen, or other Persons belonging to or employed in or about the fame respectively, be done to any of tire Bridges, Weirs, Locks, Drains, Engines, or other Works in, upon, or belonging to the said Canal, either by the loading or unloading of any Biat or other Vessel, or by any other Means whatsoever, or to the Owners or Occupiers of any Buildings or other Erections, Lands, Tenement?, or Hereditaments adjoining to the fame, or to any of them; and the said Matter or Owner of such Boat or other Vessel may be sued and prosecuted for the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and if a Verdict or Judgment shall be given against him, either on Proof made, or by Default or upon Demurrer, the Plaintiff in any such Case shall recover his Damages thereby sustained with full Costs of Suit.

MaRmtore-

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Owner or Owners cover from of any Boat or other Vessel employed oil the said Navigation, shall be any1 s u n I for compelled to pay any Penalty or to make Satisfaction fur any Damages, their Default. by reason of any wilful Ntgled or Default done or committed by his cr

their

473

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

their Servants, Boatmen, or Watermen, or any of them, such Servants, Boatmen, or Watermen, and each and every of them, shall be liable to repay such Penalty or Damages (with the Co'.ls'thereof) to such Owner or Owners; and in case of Non-payment upon Demand thereof; and Oath made by such Owner or Owners of the Payment made by him or them of such Penalty or Satisfaction for Damages, and that the fame, and the Colts thereof, have or hath not been repaid to him or them by such Servants, Boatmen, or Watermen, or any of them, although demanded (such Oarh to be made before One Justice of the Peace for the said East Riding) the Amount thereof shall be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is hereby directed to be recovered.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Boatman or other Person navigating or having the Care of any Boat or other Vessel upon the said Canal, which shall pals through any Lock to be made thereon, shall suffer the Water to remain in the Lock longer than is necessary for his Boat or other Vessel to pass through the fame; and also that every such Boatman or other Person as aforesaid, in going into the said Canal, shall, previous to his bringing his Boat or Vessel into the Lock, shut the lower Gates of such Lock and the Sluices thereto belonging, before he shall draw the Cloughs of the upper Gates thereof; and after he shall have brought his Boat or other Vessel into the said Lock, he shall then (hut the upper Gates, and the Sluices thereof, before he shall draw the Cloughs of the lower Gates; and in going out of the said Canal, such Boatman or other Person, so soon as he shall have passed with his Boat or other Vessel into the said Lock, shall shut the lower Gates of the fame before he shall draw the Cloughs of the upper Gates thereof; and if any Person or Persons shall offend in any of these Particulars, he or they shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings norless than Ten Shillings, but if any Question or Dispute shall arise on his or their Conviction, such Question shall be determined by One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Riding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Lock Keeper, Wharfinger, or other Servant belonging to the said Proprietor or Proprietors, shall give any undue Preference, or shew any Partiality to any Boat, or other Vessel in pairing through any Lock or Locks upon the said intended Canal, or in loading or unloading any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Things at any of the Wharfs, Warehouses, or Weigh Beams, Cranes, or other Machines, belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings to the Informer.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Navigation, break, throw down, damage, or destroy any of the Banks or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, or do any other wilful Hurt or Mischief to obstruct, hinder, or prevent the carrying on, completing, supporting, and maintaining the fame, every Person offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished

[L«f. fc? Per.] 6 D by

Reputation! of Vesseli pairing the

Lock Keeper! not to give Preference.

Penalty on Person, o!>-structing the using of the Works.

474 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Courts may, if they shall think fir, award such Sentence as the I,aw directs in Cases of Petit Larceny, or otherwise every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of One credible Witness before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peice fer the said Riding, shall forfeit any Sum not lei's than Double the Value of the Damage proved on Oath to be done, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

OoiTfo"1*

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That full Recompence and Satis-Tythes. faction shall be made by the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said intended Canal for the Time being, for all such Tythes, both Great and Small, if any, as would have been issuing from or out of any of the Linds which shall be used for the Purposes of this Act, in case the fame had not been so used, to the respective Persons entitled, or whp would have been entitled to such Tytnes, according to their respective Interests therein.

Person.giving

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Person

toi'tEu-'nce or Persons> who by virtue of this Act shall be examined upon Oath be-nished. fore any Magistrate or Magistrates shall give false Evidence, such Person or Persons shall be deemed guilty of Perjury» and if he shall be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties inflicted by the Laws now in being on Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

Saving of

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord or Lady, Lord» Lords Rights. or Lacjjcs> of t|le said Manor for the Time being, shall have and be entitled to the exclusive Fishery of the said Canal; and that if any Person or Persons navigating, or being on board any Boat or Vessel within the Limits of the said intended Navigation (not being qualified by the Laws relating to G ime) shall carry with him or them, or have on board any Fishing Net, Gun, Engine, or other Instrument for taking or destroying, and with an Intent to take or destroy Fish or Game, such Person or Persons being thereof lawfully convicted by his own Confession, or on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Foity Shilingsj and in case any Malter or other Person having the Command of any Boat or Vessd shall knowingly permit or suffer any such Person or Persons, not being duly qualified as aforesaid, to have, carry on board, or make use of any fishing Net, Gun, or other Inst ument for taking or destroying Fishor Game, and being thereof convicted before One or more Justice or Justices as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Foity Shillings over and above all other Penalties inflicted by Law.

Recovery of

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines and Forfeitures inflic-Korfeitures. ted by this Act (the levying and Recovery of which Fines and Forfeitures are not particularly herein-before directed) shall, in case of Nonpayment thereof, on Conviction of the Offenders respectively, be levied by Dtstress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said Riding, or for the 1 County

47 s

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

County or Place where the said Offender shall be or refade, who is hereby authorized and rrquired to examine Witnesses on Oaih, and hear and determine the fame; and all such respective Fines and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not herein-before particularly directed, shall be paid to the said Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being, for the Use and Benefit of such Proprietor or Proprietors, and the Overplus of Money raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Fine or Forfeiture and the Expences thereof, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained and fold; and for Want of sufficient Distress, and the Fine or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paiJ, it shall be lawful for any such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, bnless such Fine or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Perfomag-madr for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act!* fm*uiartty in the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or oiftfefaio «-Parties making the same be deemed a Trtfpasser or Trespassers, on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, gpees'ia a'n* Warrant of Distress, or o' her Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a 1 rtfpafler or Trespasser, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

XXXI. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form, videlicet:

‘ DE it remembered. That on the Day of Form Cotu

‘ in the Year of our Lord jl. B. is convicted

before me C.D. One ot His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

‘ County of [speclfyinytbiOffence, and the Time

and Place when and where committed, as the Case may be.~\ Given under

my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above-mentioned.’

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons think- Persons ag-,ing himself, herlclf, or themselves aggrieved by any Order, Judgement,

or Deretmination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to the Quarter Execution of this Act, may, within Six Calendar Months next after such S«®on«-Order, Judgement, or Determination shall have been made (first giving Ten Days Notice of such Complaint, to the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint is intended to be madej complain to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the Riding or County in which the Cause of App al shall arise, which Justices shall, in a summary Way, rither hear and determine the said Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions, or if they think proper, itiay adjourn the hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to

be

476

Proceedings not to be quasheil for Want ot Form, nor removed by Certiorari.

Limitation of Actions.

[Treble Costs.]

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

be held for such Riding or County 5 and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of any such Order, Judgement, or Determination, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, as they shall judge reasonable; but no Proceedings to be had in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form or be removed by Ctrticrari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then within 1 hree Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall have ceased, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Matter in Dispute or Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have betn so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brqoght after the Time so limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgement shall be given against the Plain, tiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

[Publick Act.]

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and t.ken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without the fame being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 33.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of Wandsworth to the Town of Croydon, with a Collateral Branch into the Parish of Carshalton, and a Navigable Communication between the River Thames and the said Railway at Wandsworth, all in the County of Surrey.

[21st May 1801.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining a Railway for the Preamble Passage of Waggons and other Carriages, from or from near a Place called Ram Field in the Parish of Wandfwtrth, to or near to a Place called Pitlake Meadow in the Town of Craydfi, and a Collateral Branch from the said Railway, from or from near Mitcham Common, to or near to a Place called Hack Bridge in the Parish of Carshalton, and the making a Dock or Bason for Barges and other Vessels, with a Lock, Cuts, and other Works, from the said Railway, at or near Ram Field aforesaid, into Wandsworth Creek, and thereby to communicate with thp River Thames in the said Parish of Wandsworth, atl in the County of Surrey, will be of very great Advantage to 1'evrral considerable Manufactories established in the Neighbourhood, and to the Inhabitants of many Towns and Places, and of a very populous Country* lying on or near to the Line of the said intended Railway, by opening a cheap and easy Communication for the Conveyance of Coals, Corn, and [Lor. fc? Per.] 6 E . all

478

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to and from the Metropolis and other Places: And whereas the several Persons herein-after named are desirous, at their own Costs and Charges, ro make and maintain the said intended Railway, and Dock or Bason, and other Works; but cannot effect the fame without the Aid and Authority of Pari ament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of proprietor*, the fame, That ‘Thomas Skinner, George Shepley, Richard Howard, John Barchard, John Hilbert, Isaac Hillier, Richard Glover, George Tritton, William Tate, Walter Powell, Thomas Reynolds, Jacob Forjler Reynolds, James Perry, William Nunn, Rickard Shepley, Daniel B'acbjord, Richard Fleming, Richard Bufb, William Golding, Joseph Benwell, Robert Were, William Were, William Forjler Reynolds, Samuel Brooke, Joseph Newberry, Benjamin Patterson, George Day, Charles Beffell, James NeW/ome, Michael Shepley, Jonah Smith Wells, William Pollard, Hugh Shepley, William Dent, Timothy Curtis, Richard Harris, Joseph Overton, Henry Hoare, Thomas Worsfold, Mar me. duke Langdale, Florence Toung, Joseph Peel, John Platt, Richard Winstanley, William Barlow, William Perfefl, James Howard, Richard Howard the Younger, Daniel Pinder, Christopher Dunkin, William Layton, George Martin, Samuel Hoare, George Clarkson, Romaine William Clarkson, George Boulton, James Farquhar, Ralph Langton, Daniel Langton, Samuel Scott, the Reverend Robert Holt Butcher, John Atkinson Blanjbard, John Rivers, John Hodgson Durand, John Brickwood, John Hill, Peter Giles, Thomas Chapman, Henry Weymouth, Simeon Warner, Matthew Howard, William Adam, John Pollard, John Bellamy, George Coates and Company, Asher Goldsmid, Thomas Moxon, Moses Zuntz, Benjamin Goldsmid, Abraham Goldsmid, James Phillips, Edward Brown, and their several and respe&Le Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be and hereby are united into a Company for making, completing, and maintaining the said Railway, Dock, or Bason, and other Works, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions hereinafter mentioned, and shall for that Purpose be One Body Corporate, by incorporated, the Name and Stile of The Surrey Iron Railway Company, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and shall have a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued; and that the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power and Authority, from and after the passing of this Act, and at all Times thereafter, to purchase and hold Lands and Hereditaments to them and their Successors and Assigns, for the Use of the said Undertaking and Works, and also to sell or dispose of the said Lands and Hereditaments again, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statute of Mortmain; and the said Company shall be and are hereby authorized and empowered by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, to make, complete, and maintain, and from Time to Time to alter a Railway, to be called The Surrey Iron Railway, pa (Table for Waggons and other Carriages, construCfed as hereinafter mentioned, from or from near a Place called Ram Field, in the Parish of Wandsworth in the County of Surrey, to or near a Place called Pitlake Meadow, in the Town of Croydon in the Parish of Croydon, through the said Parish of Wandsworth, and into and through the Hamlet of Garralt in the fatne Parish, and the Parishes of Streatham, Tooting,

Wimbledon,

41° GEORGII hi. Cap. 33.

479

Wimbledon, Mir ton, Mitcham, Beddington, and Croydon, and the Hamlet of Waddon in the said Parish of Croydon; and also a Collateral Branch from the said Railway, from or from near Mitcham Common, in the said Parish of Mitcham, into and through the Hamlet of Wellington in the Parish of Beddington, to or near to a Place called Hack Bridge, in the said Hamlet of Wallington, or in the Parish of Car-Jhalton-, and also a Dock or Bason, with a Lock, Cut*, and other Works, for the passage of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the said intended Railway at Ram Field aforesaid into JVandfuoorth Creek, thereby to communicate with the River Thames in the said Parish of Wandsworth, all in the said County of Surreyj and for the Purposes afore- Their Poww. said, the said Company, their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, are hereby authorized and empowered to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate whatsoever, and to survey and take Levels of the fame, or any Part thereof, and to set out and ascertain such Parts thereof as they shall think necessary and proper for making or altering the said Railway, Dock, or Baton, and all such other Works, Matters, and Con-venitneies, as they shall think proper and necessary for making, effacing, preserving, improving, completing, maintaining, and using the fames and also to bore, dig, cut, trench, sough, get, remove, take, carry away, lay, use, and manufacture any Earth, Clay, Stone, Soil, Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel or Sard, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or got in making the said Railway, and Dock or Bason, or other Works, or out of the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons adjoining or being convenient or contiguous thereto, and which may be proper, requifue, or necessary for making, carrying on, continuing, maintaining, altering, or repairing the said Railway, and Dock or Bason, and other Works, or which may hinder, prevent, or obstruct the making, using, or completing, altering, extending, or maintaining the fame respectively, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act; and also to make, build, ered, and set up, in, over, under, or upon the said Railway, Dock, or Bason, and ether Works, or upon the Lands adjoining or near to the fame, such and so many Bridges, Piers, Arches, Tunnels, Aqueduds, Sluices,

Floodgates, Weirs, Pens for Water, Wharfs, Houses, Warehouses,

Toll Houses, Landing Places, Weighing Beams, Cranes, or other Machines, and other Works, Ways, Roads, and Conveniences, as and where the said Company shall think necessary and convenient for the Purposes of the said Undertaking; and also from Time to Time to alter, repair, and amend, or discontinue the fame, and to make, divert, alter, widen, enlarge, and extend any Ways, Roads, Passages, or other Works or Conveniencies, as well for carrying and conveying of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Articles, to and from the said Railway, Dock, or Bason, and other Wi rks. as for the carrying and conveying of all Manner of Materials necessary for the making, crediting, finishing, altering, repairing, maintaining, amending, widening, or enlarging the Railway, Dock, or Bason, and other Works hereby authorized to be made, or which may be ul'eful for any the Purposes thereof; and also to place, lay, work, or nunutadlu'e the said Materials on the Lands or Grounds near to the Place or Places where the said Works, or any of them, shall be or are intended to be made, erected, repaired, or done; and also to make, fee out, and appoint such Roads and Ways convenient for haling or draw- ing

4-So

Houses and Gardens not to be injured, except such as are mentioned, &e.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

illg of Waggons and other Carriages passing upon the said Railway, with Men, Horses, or otherwise, and proper Places for Waggons and other Carriages to turn, lie, or pass each other, as they the said Company Anil think, convenient; and to construct, erect, make, and do all other Matters and Things which they shall think convenient or necessary for the making, effecting, altering, preserving, improving, completing, and using of the said Railway, Dock, or Bason, and other Works to be made or constructed in pursuance of and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, they, the said Company, their Deputies, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted, and nuking full Satisfaction, in Manner herein-after mentioned, to the Owners or Proprietors of, and all Persons anterelted in any Lands or other Hereditaments which shall be taken, uled, removed, diverted, or prejudiced, fbt all Damages to be by them sustained in or by the Execution of all or any of the Powers of this Act; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Company, and their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoever, for what they or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted, subject nevertheless to such Provisoes and Restrictions as herein after mentioned and contained: Provided always, That where the said Iron Railway shall croft any Turnpike Roads, or Publick Highways, the Ledge or Flanch of the Railway, for the Purpose of guiding the Wheels of the Carriages, shall not exceed One Inch in Height above the Level of the Road.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Company, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take, use, injure, or damage, for the Purposes of the said Railway, Dock, or Bason, or other Works, or any other of the Purposes aforesaid, any House or other Building which was erected or built at or before the passing of this Act, or any Land or Ground which was then fee apart and uled as or for a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Paik, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Confenr of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and Persons interested therein reflectively (other than and except a Barn, Stables, and Garden, belonging to George Tritton Esquire, and now or late in the Occupation ol Jcfout Moulton; Two Messuages or Tenements belonging to the said George Tritton, and in the Occupation of Francis Newton and William Wtlkmfon One Messuage, Shop, Bakehouse, and Garden, belonging io his Grace the Archbishop of Fork, in the Occupation of CLriJlian Ulrich; Part of a Garden belonging to George Shipley Esquire, in the Occupation of Jacob John Papeneau; Part of a Garden belonging to the Right Honourable the Earl Spencer, in the Occupation of Henry Gardner; Part of a Garden belonging to the said Earl Spencer, in the Occupation of Betty Willtamfon; Part of a Garden belonging to the said Earl Spencer, in the Occupation of Alexander Brodie; Two Messuages or Tenements, and Gardens, belonging to Pearce Patrick Waljl) Porter Esquire, and in the Occupation of George Day and William Brittle, all which said Messuages. Barns, Stables, Gardens, and Premises are fuuate in the said P-irish of Wandfwerth; also. Part of a Garden belonging to Emanuel College, Cambridge, late in the Occupation of Coggar, and now of

James Perry; Part of a Garden belonging to George Smith, and in his own Occupation); Part of a Garden belonging to William Robson, and in

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

the Occupation of Charles Bcjfell i Patt of a Garden belonging to William Lucas, 3nd in the Occupation of John Mexted, and John Parris Ids Under Tenant; Part of a new made Garden belonging to Henry Byne Esquire, and in the Occupation of James Binckes; and Part of an Orchard belonging to Elizabeth Morris, and in the Occupation of Thomas Buckland), all which laid last-mentioned Gardens and Premises are situate in the Parish of Mitcham, in the said County of Surrey, and which are respectively meant and intended to be taken and used for the Purposea of this Act, and which it shall be lawful for the said Company to take and pass through and make Use of for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, the said Company making Satisfaction to the several Owners and Persons interest. ed in such Hereditaments and Premises respectively for the fame, and for the Damages they shall respectively sustain thereby; the same to be ascertained in like Manner as by this Act is directed, with respect to other Hereditaments to be taken or used by the said Cothpany of Proprietors.

III. And whereas there are certain Mills the Property of the Reverend Charles Sampson and James I)rew, and in the Occupation of Richard, Bush, situate near to the Place where the said Dock or Bason is intended to be made; now, in order to prevent any Injury being done to such Mills, be it further rnafted. That all and every Sluice Gate and Sluice Gates, Waste Gate and Waste Gates, that may be erected by the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, at or near the said Dock or Baton, shall at all Times be under the Direction and Regulation of the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being of the said Mills; but foneverthe-less as not to prevent all Persons from having a proper Use of the Water from the said Dock or Bason, for passing Boats, Barges, and other Vessels through the Lock bclogging thereto,

IV. And whereas a Survey has been taken to ascertain the Practica-bility of making the said Railway, and Dock or Bason, and other Works, and a Map or Plan, with a proper Book of Reference thereto, has been made; be it therefore further enacted, That there shall be Two Parts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference thereto, which shall be certified by the Right Honourable the Speaker of the Hause of Commons, and severally deposited. One with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, and the other with the Clerk of the said Railway Company, to either of which Maps, Plans, and Books of Reference, all Persons shall have Liberty to resort, and to examine or make Extracts from or Copies of the fame, as Occasion shall require, paying to the said respective Clerks for Copies of or Extracts from the said Books of* Reference, after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words; and either of the said Maps or Plans and Books of Reference so certified, or true Copies thereof, shall be and are hereby declared to be good Evidence in all Courts of Law or elsewhere; and the Clerk for the Time being to the said Company, upon Twenty-one Days Notice to him given for that Purpose, shall, and is hereby required from Time to Time to produce the Map or Plan apd Book of Reference to be so deposited with him as aforesaid, before ihe Commissioners herein-afeer mentioned, or any Jury or Juries to be impannelled by virtue of this Act, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, in order that the fame may be then and there given in Evidence, such Clerk having a reasonable Sum of Money allowed

[Loc. & Per. j '6 F for

48l

For preventing Injury being done to certain Mills, the Property of the Reverend Charles Sampson ind Jama Drew,

Plan and Book of Reference to be authenticated by the Shaker of the House of Commons.

48 2

Not to deviate from the Line laid down in the Plan, without the Consent of Land Owners.

Land Owners omitted in Book of Reference, not to obstruct making the Railway, &c.

Breadth of the Land to be taken for the Railway.

Bodies Pdli-tick, &c. empowered to sell and convey Lands.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

for his travelling Expences, Absence from Home, and Attendance on such Occasions,

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietor!, in making the said Railway, shall not deviate from the Course or Direction delineated in the said Map or Plan, and set forth in the said Book of Reference, nor cut, carry, or convey the fame Railway, Dock, or Baton into, through, across, under, or over any Part or Parts of the several Lands or Grounds now or late belonging to, or reputed to belong to the several and respective Persons named or ilescribed in the said Book of Reference, other than such Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds as are mentioned in the said Book of Reference in that Respect, without the Approbation and Consent in Writing, signed by the Person or Persons to whom such Lands and Grounds do or shall respectively belong, but nothing herein contained shall extend to restrain or prevent the said Company of Proprietors from making any Deviation from the Course or Direction of the said Railway, or Alteration of the said Dock or Baton, in case all the Persons to whom the Lands or Grounds to be cut through or madeUfe of for the Purposes of such Deviation or Alteration, shall belong, shall consent thereto.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Company of Proprietors may make the said Railway into, through, across, or over the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, whole Name or Names shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, and be by them certified under their Hands, to be by Mistake omitted in the salt! Book of Reference, or that, instead thereof, the Name or Names Of some other Person or Persons to whom such lait mentioned Lands or Grounds do not belong, have or haih been by Mistake inferred therein; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Lands r.nd Grounds to be taken or used for the making and using of the said Railway, shall not exceed Twenty Yards in Breadth, except in such Places where it shall be judged necessary for Waggons or other Carriages to turn, lie, or pals each other, or where any Warehouses, Cranes, or Weighbeams may be erected, or where any Places may be set out or appropriated for the Reception or Delivery of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which shall be conveyed on the said Railway, and not above Sixty Yards in Breadth, in any Pla.ce, without the Consent of the Owners of the Lands or Heredua-ments adjoining to the said Railway.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That aftfcr any Lards, Grounds, or Hereditaments, fh.dl be set out and ascertained for making the said Railway, and Dock or B.ifon, and o. her Works, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for providing and ing the Wharfs and other Works and Conveniences herein before authorized to be made, or any of them, it shall be lawful fur all Bodies Politick, Corporate;- or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants in Tail or for Life, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trust for Charitable and other Purposes. Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their

Hein

483

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Heirs and Successors, but also for and on the Bell ilf of their Cestuique Trulls, whethtr Infants, Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dowrr or other Interest therein, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsorver, who is or are, or shall be leifed, possessed of, or interested in any Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so set out and ascertained for the Purposes aforesaid, to contract for, fell, and convey the fame and every Part thereof unto the said Company; and if it shall happen that by making the said Kail way, the Property of any Land Owner or Land Owners shall be separated into small Parcels, or so affetfted as to render the Occupation thereof inconvenient, it shall be lawful for such Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all and every such other Person and Persons so entitled or interested as aforesaid, by and with the Consent of the Commissioners hereby appointed, or any Five or more of them, to be testified by Writing under their Hands, although they may not be assembled at any Meeting of the said Commissioners to‘be held by virtue of this Act, to contract for, fell, and dispose of, or to convey in Exchange for other Lands or Hereditaments, all or any Part of such Land or Hereditament lo separattd or assisted as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Price or Consideration in Money, or other Equivalent, as to the said Commissioners shall seem reasonable 5 and that all such Contratfts, Agreements, Salt s, Exchanges, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons whomsoever, so conveying or exchanging as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for what they shall respectively do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act j and all such Con-trafls. Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, Exchanges, and Assurances (other than those which concern any Purchase or Exchange between any such respective Land Owners) so to be made as aforesaid, shall be made at the Expence of the said Company; and such of them as shall be made of any Lands or other Hereditaments to the said Company, shall be made according to the following Form y (videluet),

I A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of

to me paid [or, in Consideration of the

1 Annual Rent of to me to be hereafter yielded

' and paid] by the Surrey Iron Railway Company, do hereby granr and ‘ rcleale to the said Company all [describing the Premises to be conveyed3 ‘ and all my Right, Title, and Interest, in and to the fame and every

Parc thereof, to hold to the said Company for ever, by virtue and

according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Act passed in the

Forty-fidt Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitulec [ Here jet

‘ forth the ‘Title of this Abt~\. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set ‘ my Hand and Seal, the Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

And which laid Conveyances shall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company, who shall from Time to Time, when requerted, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons requiring the lame, and shall have and receive the Sum of Sixpence f>er Sheet for every such

attested

Form of Conveyance to the Company.

484 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33., attested Copy, reckoning One hundred Words to every Sheet} and every such Conveyance as aforesaid, which shall be made to any Person or Persons other than the said Company, shall be according to the following Form; (videlicet), T A.B. of do hereby, in Confederation of the Sam of to me in Hand paid by C.D. of at or before the Sealing and Delivery of these Presents, the Receipt whereof I do hereby acknowledge [or, in Exchange for certain Lands, situate conveyed to me by C.D. by Writing under his Hand and Seal, bearing even Date herewith] convey and assign to the said C.D. all \_describe the Premises'] to hold to the said C.D. his Heirs and Assigns for ever. As Witncis my Hand and Seal the Day of in the Year of Our Lord One thousand 1 eight hundred and And every such Conveyance shall be valid and effectual. '

Respecting Copyholds.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Contrail, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Exchanges, of or concerning an? Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be Copyhold, or of the Nature of Copyhold, shall be executed and completed by Surrender thereof in the Court of the Manor of which the same are holden, according to the Custom of such Manor; and such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall condnue subject to the fame Fines, Rents, and Services as are due and payable, and of Right accustomed, in the fime Manner as if this Act; had not been made, unless ihe Lord or Lords of the Manor for the Time being shall be desirous of enfranchising the fame, in which Cafe such Lord or Lords is and are hereby empowered so to do, notwithstanding he or they shall be seised of or entitled to the fame Manor for a less Interest than an Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple; but inasmuch as the veiling and continuing of such Copyhold Pre-mifies in the said Company as a Body Corporate, would prevent such Lord or Lords from receiving such Benefit of Fines, Heriots, and other Services due upon Death, Dcicent, or Alienation, in like Manner as he or they would Dave done in case such Copyhold Premifies had continued to be the Property of Persons in their natural Capacities; and in case the said Lord or Lords of the said Manor shall decline to enfranchise the respective Parcels of Copyhold Land held of the said Manor, which shall be purchased by or vested in the said Company for the Purposes aforesaid; he or they shall be entitled to, and shall be paid by the said Company, a reasonable Recompence and Satisfaction for the Loss that will arile to him or them in respect to such Fines, Heriots, and other Services, the Enjoyment of which will be dimimlhed or loft by the veiling and continuing of such Copyhold Premises in a Body Corporate} which Kecotn-pence and Satisfaction, and also the Appointment of the certain Copy-hold Rents issuing out of such Copyhold Tenements, of which a Past only shall be taken for the Use of the said Undertaking, if not settled by Agreement between the Parties, shall be ascertained and settled by the Commissioners hereby appointed, in such Manner, and subject to such Verdict of a Jury, if required, as is herein-afeer directed.

In all other X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, in making the

Cases, the said Railway, or other Works hereby authorized, or any Road or Roads Common., or thereto

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

thereto refjxCtively, there shall be Occasion to cut through, take, or use any Part of any Commons or Waites, the Conveyance of such Parts of such Commons or Wastes by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors in which the same are situate, to the said Company of Proprietors, shall be a good and sufficient Conveyance thereof (without the Commoners or other Persons intcrrfttd therein joining in such Conveyance); and the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of such Manor or Manors respectively are hereby authorized and required to make and execute such Conveyances accordingly, on the Receipt of his, her, or their Proportion or Proportions of the Purchase Money as herein-after mentioned, or on the lame being tendered to him, her, or them, subject to all the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions herein contained, with respect to the Payment of other Monies for other Lands taken or used by the said Company; and the said Commissioners shall ascertain what Proportion of the Purchase Money shall be due to the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Copyholders, or other Persons interested in such Commons or Wastes, for his, her or their Interest in such Lands, and such Proportion shall be thereupon paid to him, her, or them, for his, her, or their own Use.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees, and other Person or Persons herein-before capacitated, to fell or convey Lands or other Hereditaments, and any other Owner or Owners, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditaments, through, in, or upon which the said Railway, Dock, or Bason, or other Works hereby authorized, shall be made, may accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of such Lands and Hereditaments, and for the Damages to be sustained by making and completing the said Works, either in Gross Sums or by yearly Rents, as shall be agreed upon by and between the Parties interested respectively, or any of them, and the said Company; and in case the said Company, and the said Parties interested in such Lands or other Hereditaments, cannot agree as to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction, the same shall be ascertained and settled by the Commissioners hereby appointed, in such Manner, and subject to such Verdict of a Jury, if required, as is herein-after directed; and all such yearly or other certain Rents as shall be agreed upon between the said Company and the Parties interested in such Lands or other Hereditaments, or as shall be so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, shall be charged on the Rates arising by virtue of this Act, and shall be paid by the said Company either Yearly or Half-yearly, as the same shall be agreed or ordered to become due and payable; and in case the same shall not be paid within Thirty Days next after the same shall at any Time so become due and payable, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or mote of them, although not assembled at any Meeting to be held by virtue of this AC1, and they are hereby required, by an Order under their Hands, to appoint One or more Person or Persons to receive the Rates hereby granted and made payable, and to pay the same to the Person or Persons to whom the said Rents shall be due and unpaid as aforesaid, the said Commissioners taking such Security from every such Collector, for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, as they shall judge proper and sufficient; and every Person lb appointed shall be deemed a Collector of the said Rate3, and shall have the fame Power and Au-\Loc. Ss* Per.] 6 G thority

485

Waste Lands are »o be conveyed by the Lords *A the Manors.

Satisfaction to be made.

Yearly Rents charged on the Rates.

486

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

thority for collecting the fame, and shall receive and retain thertout a reasonable Satisfadl :on for his Trouble therein, in like Manner as if he had-been appointed a Collector of the said Rates by the said Company, until such Rents, with ail Cdfts and Damages occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid; or it shall be lawful for such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees, or other Person or Persons to whom f6ch Rents shall be due and owing as atore-said, to sue for and recover the fame, with such Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, or otfcrwile to Teize and distratn any Waggon or Carriage, or o'her Go<ds or Eiiects ‘of the said Company, which shall be found upon the said Railway, or in or upon the Wharfs, Quays, Warehouses, or other W Tks thereto belonging (Information of such Distress being immediately given to the said Company, by Notice in Writing delivered to their Clerk, or 'One of the Collectors of the Rates, or affixtd to some of their P emifes near'to the Place where such Seizure was made) and to detain the fame until Payment of such Rents then due and owing, together with thb reasonable Charges attending such Distress-, and if such Distiels shall not be redeemed within Five Days next after making the same, and Notice thereof given in Writing as aforesaid, then such Waggons, Carriages, or other Goods and Effects so distrained, shall and may he fold of disposed of in such Manner as the Law diicers in case of a Distress for Rent.

Commission-

XII. And whereas Differences may arise between the said Company and

Diiferences'n? foc several Owners of and Persons interested in the Lands and Hereditaments, which ftiil! or may be affected or prejudiced by the Execution of che Power* hereby granted, touching the Purchase Money to bd paid or Recon penee to be made to them resprerively; be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable William RuJFell commonly 'cailed Lord William Ri/JJell, Sir "John Frederick Baronet, the Ri^hr Honourable Htnry Dundas, Robert Bridges, 'Joi n Bridges, Wiliam Chatfield, William Pembroke, Thomas Fajfeit. Richard Dallett, John Wainey, fames Eaten, James Rytr, Thomas Ga'tjkclt, Peter Wybrants- Broadley, Bryant Barratt\ '"Sir Robert Burnett, Wi liam Mollefon, Robert ffankey, Joffb yihcik, Daniel Ponton, John Cor mu k, John Poolcy Kfnfirgton, Jhniiod Jon, William Head, John Prior, Tyson Chapman, Charles King, Samuel Long, Gco-ge Taylor, George Lane, Robert Boxal!, William Neals, Samuel Farmer, Richard Ca penter Smith, Robert Lucas, Thomas Evattce, Gilbtrt Hardajyde, William Wilkinson, Henry Thornton, Robert Thcrnton, Samuel T‘ or tit on, William Frefcott, PEilliam Benumarice Rush, John Anthony Rucker, Daniel Henry Rucker, Richard Bufn the younger, John Rice, Edward Tanner Worsfc/d, James Mtore, John Hinton Tritton, William Gee, William Northy, Edward Polhi! John Watson, William Holingfurorth, John Rih&orn, Sir11 Matthew Btoxam, the Reverend Btelloi k Doctor in Divinity, the Reverend

Gardner, the Reverend William Carter, the Reverend Peach, Thomas Dyke, William Fowler Jones, and Robert I-ifher, and thd'r Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, ffrnll be and are hereby appoinrtd Commissioners for settling, determining, and Sd-jutting a'l Questions, Matters, and Differences, which shall or may crife between the said Company and the several Persons as aforesaid.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33. 487

XIII. And, for continuing a sufficient Number of Commissioners for Eieftion of v putting this Act in Execution, be it further enacted, That when, any of loners the Commissioners hereby appointed or to be elected in Manner herein mentioned, shall die or refuse to act, the surviving or remaining Commissioners shall, and they are heft by empowered from Time to Time, at some Meeting to be held for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands, tf> elect and appoint any Person in the Place of every Commissioner dying or refusing to act; and all such Commis-missioners so to be appointed shall, from the Time of their respective Appointments, have die like Authority, in all Things relating to the Execution of this Act, as if they had been expressly named Commissioners in and by this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that the surviving or remaining Commissioners shall at any Time neglect or.re- senion/to' fuse, upon any Vacancy, to appoint a new Commissioner, or that, for nominal* Want of a proper Number of Commissioners in the Neighbourhood, er^n cafe"he it shall b.come difficult to procure a Meeting or Meetings for exe- Survivors cuting the Powers of this Act, or in case the Commissioners nomi- "uc$l/ifn’for natrd in this Act, or hereafter to be elected under and by virtue Number can-thereof, shall be rvduced to a less Number than Twenty, then and in

any of the salt! Cases it shall be lawful for the said Company from bourhooJ? Time to Time to make Complaint thereof to the Justices of the Peace fur the said CouYitv of Surrey-, and the Justices to whom such Complaint shall he made are hereby authorized to receive and hear the said Complaint, and upon due Pro f ther;of being made to them, to nominate and appoint fu<h fit and proper Persons as they in their Discretion shall think fit to be Commissioners for the i'urposes of this Act; and the said Commissioners so nominated and appointed shall from thenceforth have the like Powers and Authorities as if appointed by or under the Authority of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That any of the said Commissioners Commission-wha are or shall be Justices of the Peace for the find County shall and

may, notwithstanding their being Commissioners, aft as Justices of the Peaee.

Peace in the Execution of this Act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Qualification aft as a Commissioner an any Cafe in the Execution of this Act, during the Time of his holding any Place of Profit arising out of the Rates to ,bc collected by virtue of this Act, < r during the Time of his being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, or concerned or imerested in any Contraft or Bargain made or to be made for the Purposes of this Act, or in any Cale where he shall be in any wise imerested or concerned in the Matter, in Question, r.or unless he shall refidtf in the County of Surrey, and shall be leiled in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, and not as a Mortgagee, at the Time of Inch his acting, of an Eftute ot Freehold or C opyhold of Inheritance, or both, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the Ye.uly Value of Sixty Pounds, over and ab^ve all Re-przts, cr unless he shall be possessed of or entitled uato a Personal Eftarc of the Amount or Value of Two thousand Pounds, or unless he dull be cldcft Son or Heir Apparent of a Peer, or of a Person qualified

Utui . to

488

Oath.

Notice of Commissioners Meetings to be given.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

to feivp in Parliament as a Knight of the Shire; nor shall any Person (not being an Heir Apparent as aforesaid) aft as a Commissioner in the Exr-cution of this Act (otherwise than giving Notice of the First Meeting of the Commissioners, and admimllering an Oath or Affirmation, in the Words f flowing, to the other Commissioners) until he shall have taken such Oath or Affirmation before any One or more of the said Commissioners, who is or are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same; (thac is to say),

I A.B. do swear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do

solemnly affirm , That I am truly and bond fide in the actual Poflef.

Con and Enjoyment [or. Receipt] of the Rents and Profits of Lards,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of S.xy

Pounds above Reprizes, [or, possessed of, or entitled to a Personal

Estate to the Amount or Value of Two Thousand Pounds], and that 1

will, without Favour or Affection, truly and impartially, according to ‘ the heft of my Skill and Knowledge, execute and perform the Powers

and Authorities veiled in me as a Commissioner, by an Act made in the ‘ Forty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [&/

forth the Title of this AR.~\ So help me God.’

And the Clerk to the said Company shall be present when such Oath shall be taken by any Commissioner appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and an Entry or Memorandum of such Oath being taken by the Commissioner, shall be made by and certified under the Hand of such Clerk, which Certificate shall be deemed sufficient Evidence of such Oath having been taken in all Courts whatsoever; and if any Person by this Act declared incapable to act as a Commissioner, shall nevertheless presume to act as such in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pound* to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Colls of Suit, by Action at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Action no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed , and such Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or other, wife shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of she Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Meeting whatsoever of the said Commissioners shall at any Time or Times be had for putting in Execution any of the Powers or Authorities vested in them by this Act, unless previous Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting shall be given and inserted in some Newspaper or Newspapers circulated in the said County of Surrey, at lead Fourteen Days before such Meeting and that every Meeting of the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act shall be publick; and that no Act, Order, or Proceeding of the said Commissioners, or any of them, in the Execution of this Act (except in such Cases as are hereby otherwise directed) shall be valid, unless the same shall be made or done at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act; and that all Powers and Authorities by this Act given to or vested in the said Commissioners, shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by a Majority of the Commissioners present at every such Meeting, i such

489

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

such Meeting on all OccaCons not confiding of Ids than live Com-rtiiiTioners.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Application in Writing being made by the said Company, or any Five or more of them, or by Proprietors or the Owners or Occupies of, any Lands or Hereditaments to be taken for or affected by the said Railway, Dock, or Baton, or any of the Works erstomect. nectflaryor itlatingthereto,.pr any of them, requestingordefiring the mtoap-point a General Mreting of the Commissioners, the Commissioners Co applied to shall, and they are hereby respectively authorized and requ red, within Fourteeti Daysulter such Requdl or Application made, to give Norice, in Man-neraf'oresaidyof a General Meeting to be held at such Time ancPlaceas shall be sperified in such Notice, such Time not being less than Fourteen Days nor more than Twenty-eight Days from the Day on which such Request shall be made tti them as ar0Tesaid; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to assemble at the Time and Place so to be appointed, in order to pur this Act, and the Powers and Authorities hereby given ro and vested in them, in Execution, and shall then adjourn themletves, and afterwards meet at such Time and Place as the said Commissioners there assembled shall think proper or convenient s and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting, which shall be appointed to be had or held by the said Commissioners, a sufficient Number, of Commissioners to act at such Meeting, and to adjourn to any other Time, then and from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners shall and may, by Notice to he given in Manner aforesaid, appoint the Commissioners to meet at the Place where the last Meeting of the said Commissioners was appointed to be held, on that Day Fortnight after the Day on which the said last Meeting of the said Commissioners was appointed to be held.

XIX. Provided always, anti be it further enacted, That it shall be Powerto hold

lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and "jOfionai they are hereby empowered, although they shall not be assembled at any ’

Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time and at all

Times, upon such Request made asaloresaid, by Notice in Writing signed by them, and published in Manner aforesaid, to summon a Meeting of the said Commissioners, at such Time and Place as shall be mentioned in such Notice, for the settling and ascertaining such Damages as are herein directed to be settled and ascertained, and for other s, notwithstanding any Adjournment or Non-adjournment of the said Commission.trs.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all the Orders and Proceedings Proc«ting« of the said CotnirulTioners shall be regularly entered in a Book or Books

to be kept for that Purpo'.e, such Book or Books to be open at all leafon-abie Times to the Inspection of any Person interfiled in the said Proceedings, or his or her Agent or Solicitor, and desirous of leeing and examining the lame, without Fee or Reward.; and such Entries being ligned by such Numbtr of tile laid Commissioners respectively as ate empowered by this Act to make such Orders, or carry on such Proceedings, shall be deemed Orip mals, and the lame, or true Copies thereof, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and the said Commissioners may andthrfr and are hereby required, at tluirFiift Meeting, to appoint, out of Three c^k to b« [Lee. b* Prr.j 6 H Persons appointed-

490

Commissionert to settle Difference!.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Persons to be appointed by the said Company, such One of the said Three Persons as the said Commissioners shall think proper to be their Clerk, and from Time to Time may remove any such Person; and on such Removal, or in'case any such Clerk shall die or quit the said Employment, the Lid Company, or their Committee for the Time being; shall, within the (pace of One Calendar Month after Notice in Writing for that Purpose to be given by the said Commissioners, nominate Three other Persons, and give Notice thereof unto the said Commissioners from whom such Notice in Writing was received , and the said Commissioners shall and may appoint such One of the Three last named Persons, as they shall think proper, to be their Clerk; and in like Manner a Cle(k to the said Commissioners shall be from Time to Time nominated and appointed, as Otcafton shall require-, and such Clerk dull be paid for his Care, Expences, and Trouble, in the Execution of his Office, by the said Company; and such Clerk who shall be removed or die, or quit the Service as aforesaid, his Executors or Administrators, shall, within Two Calendar Months after Notice in Writing to him or them respectively given by the said Commissioners, produce and deliver up to such Corn-missioners all Books, Accounts, Papers, or Writings whatsoever, relating to the Execution of his Office, which shall be in his or their Custody or Power; and every such Person neglecting or refusing to produce and deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, or Writings, after such Notice as aforesaid, shall, for every such Neglect or Refuful, respectively forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall Cue for the fame, to be recovered, with Yuli Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Action no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners acting in any Question, Matter, or Difference, which shall or may arise, are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under their Hands, with the Consent of the Parties concerned, to determine and adjust, from Time to Time, what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid by the said Company, either by an Annual Rent or Payment, or by a Sum of Money in Gross. to and at the Election of the Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Cullegiate, Person or Persons respectively, who shall be so entitled or interested as aforesaid, for the absolute Purchase of the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be set out and ascertained, for making the said Railway, and Dock or Bason, and other Works and Conveniencies, or any Part thereof, and other the Purposes of this Act; and also to determine and adjust what other distinct Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid by the said Company as a Recornpence for any Damages which may or Ihdl at any Time or Times whatsoever be sustained by such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons respectively, being Owners of and interested in any Lands or Hereditaments, by reason or means of the Execution of any of the Powers herein contained by the said Company, or by their Agents, Workmen, or Servants, or lor any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, for which a Recornpence or Satisfaction is by this Act directed to be made, in c.ife such Price or Value, Damiges and Recornpence respectively, cannot be settled, adjusted, and agreed for, by and between the said Company or their Agents, and such Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments

as

49

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

as aforesaid and if the said Company, for and on the Part and Behalf of themselves, or any such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, for and on his, her, or their Part or Parts, shall rtfufe to submit any such Matter to the Determination of the said Commissioners, or shall be dissatisfied with any Determination which shall be by them made as aforesaid; or if any such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or any other Person or Persons interested or entitled as aforesaid, shall refute to leceive, upon due Tender thereof, made, such Purcliale Money or Annual Rent, or such Recompence as shall he determined to be paid, or shall, upon Notice in Writing given to the Principal Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at the 1 aft or usual Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands or Hereditaments, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Notice, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Company, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability by Non-age, Coverture, or other Impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or make such Agre, ment as shall be convenient for promoting the said Undertaking, or shall not produce and evince a. clear Title to the Premises which they are or shall be in Possession of, or to the Interest which they claim therein, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to issue a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the said County of Surrey, and in case the said Sheriff, or his Under Sheriff, shall happen to be One of the said Company of Proprietors, or enjoy any Office of Trull or Profit under them, or shall be otherwise interested in the Matters in Question, then to some One of the Coroners of the said County, not interested as aforesaid, commanding such Sheriff or Coroner respectively to impannel, summon, and return a Jury; and thelaid Sheriff or jury to he Coroner is accordingly hertby required to impannel, summon, and return a wmmoned in Jury of Twenty-four sufficient and indifferent Men, qualified according to ccrwin es-the Laws of this Realm, to be returned for the Trials of Hues in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Wa rants shall be appointed, not being leis than Nine, nor mote than Twenty-one Days after such Warrant or Warrants shall be served upon the said Sheriff or Coroner; and in cale a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at the Time and Place so to be appointed as aforesaid, the said Sheriff or Coroner, or their Deputies rd'pedtivdy, shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can specdi’y be procured to attend that Service (being lb qualified as aforesaid) to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve, and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to summon and call before them all and every such Per-f>n and Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching the Matters in Question, either by or before them the said C.ommissioners, or by or before any Jury or Juries as aforesaid, as the Calc may be; and the said Commissioners n.av order and Commi/aon. authorize the said Jury, or any Six or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matters in Controversy, which July upon their Oaths (which neffe*, and

Oaths, examine them on Oath.

49 2

Pxptncfs of

Com miT.oner l and Jury.

41° GEORGII III. Ca).

Oaths, as well|as the Oaths to such Person or Persons, as shall be cailedupon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to adrtn* liifter) shall esquire of, assess, and alcerrain the Sum of Money or Annual Rent to be paid for the Purchase x>f such Lands or Hereditaments, or the Recompence to be made for the Damages that may or shall be fuffained as aforesaid, and shall assess Irparate Damages for the fame; and the said Comnnflioners shall give Judgement for such Purchase Monies, Rent or Recompence to be affiled by such Juries; which said Verdict, and the Judgement thereupon pronounced as aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Commissioners, and shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes against the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and ag.iinlt all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons whomsoever; and it any such Sheriff or Coroner, or his or their Deputy or Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, every such Person shall for eve/y such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum nor exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Five Pounds; and if any Person t > summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury, shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent of this Act, or if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined or give Evidence, every Person so offending, having no teasonable Excuse to be allowed by the said Commissioners, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, for the Benefit of the Party in whose Behalf such Person was lo summoned.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where a Verdict shall be given for more Monies as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or Persons whomsoever, or for any D image to be done to any Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or Persons than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Company, or determined by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, then all the Expences of calling such Commissioners, iummoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, shall be let tied by the Lid Commissioners, and be defrayed by the said Company; but if any Verdict shall be given or made for the fame or a less Sum than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Company, or than had been determined by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or in case no Damage shall be given by the Verdict, where the Dilpure is for D mages only, then and in every such Case the Cuffs and Expences of calling a Meeting of such Commissioners, summoning such Jury, and taking such Ioquell, shall be settled in like Manner by the said ComtnifSoners, anti be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Company shall have such Controversy or Difptite; which said Cods anti Expences, having been so settled, shall and may be deduced out of the Monty so assessed and adjudged, where the same shall exceed such Costs and Expences as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so aflrffed or adjudged, or otherwise such Cuffs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, in and by such Ways 2nd Means as are herein-afeer provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, That 8 whenever

493

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

whenever any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence or otherwise, have been prevented from treating, One Half of such Cods, Charges, and Expences, shall be borne and defrayed by the said Company, and the othe; Half by such other Person or Persons as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Person! making Complaint, and requesting such Jury, shall, before the said Commissioners shall be obliged to issue out their Warrant or Warrants for the summoning such Jury, first enter into a Bond, with sufficient Sure, ties, to the Treasurer of the said Company for the Time being, in the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, or in such other Penalty as the said Commissioners shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to prosecute such his, her, or their Complaint, and to bear and pay the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, in the Proportion and Manner herein-before mentioned.

XXIV. Provided always, That the said Commissioners, or any of them shall not be obliged, by virtue of this Act, to receive or take Notice of any Complaint or Complaints to be made by any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Damage or Injury by him, her, or them sustained or supposed to be sustained in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, unless Notice in Writing hath been or shall be be given in relation thereto, by or on Behalf of such Person or Persons, to the said Company, or to their Clerk, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Time that such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall hate ceased.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Juries respectively shall award all Determinations, Judgements, and Ver-dists, which they shall respectively make and give in the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in them, concerning the Value of Lands or Hereditaments, separately and distinctly from the Conftdtration of any other Damages sustained or to be sustained by any Person or Persons in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and shall distinguish the Value set upon the Lands and other Hereditaments, and the Money assessed or adjudged for such Damages as aforesaid, separately and apart from each other.

m '<» t>. tonbiai

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Jury and Juryman as aforesaid shall be under and subject to the fame Regulations, Pains, and Penalties, as if such Jury or Juryman had been returned for the Trial of any Issue joined in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record ar Westminster, and that all and every Person and Persons who, in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully give false Evidence before the said Commissioners or before any such Jury as aforesaid, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject to such Punishments and Disqualifications as any Person or Persons can or may be subject to for wilful and corrupt Perjury by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm.

XXVIL. And be it further enacted, That all the Determinations of the said Commissioners, which shall be submitted to and acquicfced in by \Ltc. ft? Per.J 61 the

Persons requeuing a Jury to en*er into a Bund to prosecute»

Notice of Injury to be given to the Proprietors, before Complaint to the Commislioners.

Verdictt of Value of Lands and Damages to be a (certained separately.

Jury to be under the fame Regulations as in the Courts at Westminster j and Persons guilty of Perjury may be prosecuted.

Verdict to be recorded and Lands vested in the Proprietors,

494 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

the Parries concerned, and also the Verdicts of the Juries, and the Judgements of the said Commissioners thereon as aforesaid, shall be transmitted to, and kept by, the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, and shall be deemed Reco-ds to all Intents and Purposes, and the fame or true Co ivs thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all Persons shall have Liberty ro insped the fame, paying for each Irtlpection the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy after the lla:e of Sixpence (or every One hundred Words.

The Lands XXVIII. And, in order that the said Company of Proprietors may not aie ro »tft ab- be impeded in the Prosecution of their said Undertaking, by Means of Cornpany'up! any ,uc^ Procefdings before the Lid Commissioners or jury, be ic fur-on their ether thtr enacted, That either upon Payment or legal Tender of such Sum or Tnr Sec?nty, V" Sums Mf)r>ey by the said Company, or on their giving such Security for'p.ynunt as the said Commissioners shall approve, for Payment of any such An-of the Lan"' nual ^f’rit as ^a^ have Seen contr)tted or agreed for between the Parties, or Camp nfa’ or adjusted and determined by the said Commissioners, or allefied by such urn tur Da- Juries, in Manner respectively as aforesaid, for the Purchase of any such Lands. Tythes, or other Hereditaments, or as a Recompence for the yearly Produce or Profits thereof, or as a Compensation for Damages, as herein-before mentioned, to the Proprietor or Propt ietors of such Lands and Prtmises, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be intcrelled therein, or entitled to receive such Money, Rent, or Compensation respectively, at any Time after the same shall have been actually so agreed for, determined, or assessed, or upon the said Company’s previously giving such Security as the said Commissioners shall approve, for the future Payment of such Sum of Money, or duly securing such Annual Rent, when the Amount thereof shall be fixed by the said Commissioners or Jury as aforesaid, or if the Person or Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments shall not be able to make a good Title thereto to the Satista&ion of the said Company, or shall refuse to receive the Sum or Sums awarded to him, her, or them, by the said Commissioners or Jury, or to execute a Conveyance, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then in any of these Cases, upon Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England, in case the lame shall be re-quisite, as herein-after mentioned, or if not, then on leaving or depositing the Money in the Hands of the Treasurer to the Company of Proprietors for the Use of such Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, or upon the said Company’s giving previously such Security as the said Commissioners shall approve for the future Payment of such Money as shall be fixed by the said Commissioners or Jury as aforesaid j and in all or any of the said Cases, as often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and their Agents, Work-mer, and Servants, immediately to enter upon the Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments respectively (or before such Payment, or Tender or Security given by Leave of the Owners and Occupiers thereof) and then and thereupon such Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate, Use, Trull, and Intereil of any Person or Persons therein, shall from thenceforth be veiled in and become the sole Property of the said Company of Proprietors

495

41° GEO. III. Gap. 33,

tors to and for the Purposes of this Adk for ever; and fuel) Tender, Pa;-ment, Investinenr, or Deposit, or the giving of such Security for the same as aforesaid, shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Demand of the Perkin or Pctfons to whom the lame shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and confkrutd to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Person, and all Estates Tail and other Etfares in Keversion and Remainder of his, her, or their I lice, and of everyocher Pet Ion whomsoever therein; Provided nevertheless, That before such Payment, Tender, Invtftment, Deposit, or Security as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, of any Person acting under their Authority, to dig or cut the Lands or Grounds of the Person or Persons entitled to such Payment or Security, for the Purpose of making the said Railway or Works, without the Conknt of such Person or Persons respectively.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or uled, by virtue of the Powers hereof, for the Purposes hereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Peine Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Personor Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Surrey Iron Railway Company, together with the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as Three of the said Commissioners shall, by Wilting under their Hands, diredk and appoint, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Dircdkion and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Laud Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, aftefting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or alhdking other Lands or Hereditaments Handing lettled therewith, to the lame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulb, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood lettled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect j and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Monty shall, by Older of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would - for

A?p'ication of Com pp n f t ion Money, where ex-eeding

2U0/.

496

Application where the Compensation does not exceed 2001, nor left than ac /.

Application where the Money is less than zo/.

Compensation to be made in li«u of Tythes.

41° GEORGII lit. Cap. 33.

for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, incafe such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, purchased, taktn, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to ihe Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Calc be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be left than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Ul’e of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That full Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made by the said Company for all Tythes, both great and small, which would have been issuing from or out of any of the Lands which shall be taken or made Use of for the Purposes of this Act, to the several Persons who now are or at any Time hereafter might have been entitled to such Tythes, according to their respective Interests therein, such Tythes to be estimated at the Average Value of the Four Years, commencing at Michaelmas Day One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and ending at Michaelmas Day One thousand eight hundred, such Value to be ascertained (in case of any Difference concerning the same) in like Manner as the Value of any Lands or other Hereditaments is herein-before directed to be ascertained: Provided always, That such Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to Spiritual Persons by an Annual Rent.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33. 497

XXXIII. And be it further enact'd. That in case any Lands dr Here Forpaiing ditaments to be used for the P irpoles of this Aff, fit .11 happen to be in d^ui'tlby Mortgage to any Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Com- the Company-pony, upon Application being made to them by each Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, ami the said Company are hereby authorized and required to pay fitch Sum or Sums

6f Money, after the same shall have been so 'agreed for and riujVifUd or assessed, in Manner aforesaid, for such Linds in Mortgage, in Part of the Principal that shall be due on such Mo tgage or Mortgages, unto such Morgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators: Provided always, That upon Receipt of such SuilY cr Sums, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators respectively, shall acknowledge the Receipt of such Sum or Sums of Money by an Indorsement to be made upon the Back of such Mortgage or Mortgages, and signed by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, hi-, her, or their Executors or Administrators respectively, in the Presence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, in Satisfaction of so much of the Principal Money dtfe upon such Mortg ge or Mortgages.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Sati, fiction w Contract or Contracts shall be made wiih any Bodies Politick, Corpo-

rate, or Collegiate, Trustees, or other Persons whomsoever, by ihe laid «h-ic lie Company, for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditamercs through, into, or upon which the said Railway, and Dock or Bason, or other Works, are intended to be made, and the Title to such Lands or Hereditaments respectively shall not thereupon be made out to the Satisfaction of the said Company, then and in lill such Cases, from the Time of making such Contracts, until a good Title shall be made to the said Lands or Hereditaments respectively, and the same shall be effectually conveyed to the said Company in Fee Simple or other good Estate of Inhfcr’star.cfc, the said Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees, and other Persons contrafting to fell the said Lands or Hereditaments, shall b entitled to have and receive Animal Rents or Sums for the lame respectively from the said Company; and in cale such Annual Rents or Sums retp- rftively shall not be agreed on between the said Company and the said Bod es Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees, or other Persons entitled to the said Lands or Hereditaments, the same shall be afeeruined and settled ' by the said Commissioners in such Manner, and subject to the Verdict of a Jury, if required, as the Value of the Lands to be set out for making the said Railway, rnd Dock or Bason, and other Works, are herein directcJ to be ascertained and settled.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be Iav'ful for the Prcpdetorsto said Company to raifd and contribute amongst themselves, in such Pro- amoneftney portions as to them shall seem fneet and convenient, a competent Sum of themselves. Money for making and completing the said Railway, Dock, or B.ifon,

and other Works and Conveniences thereto, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Thirty-five thousand Pounds (except as herein-after mentioned) and that the same shall be divided into such Number of Shares as herein directed, and that no Person subscribing thereto, or becoming a Proprietor of such Undertaking, do become a Proprietor of less than

One Share; and all the Money to be raised bvthe said Company, by virtue 'Application

r r pjj n i ' r v 1 r ' r of the Money

[Lee. 6? Per. J 6 K of raised.

498

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

of this Act, is hereby directed and appointed to be laid out and applied, in the first Place, for and towards the Payment, Di&harge, and Satisfaction of all Colls, Charges, and Expences in applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act, and all other necessary Expences preparatory and relating thereto, and all the Residue and Remainder of such Money, for and towards making, completing, and maintaining the said Railway, Dock, or Balon, and other Works, and other the Purposes of this Act, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

The Money

XXXVI. And be it further cnailed, That the said Sum-of Thirty-five into'shire'of thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall be raised by the several 100l.each, Persons herein-before named, shall be divided into Three hundred and ^numbered0 equal Parts or Shares, at a Price not exceeding One hundred Pounds fer Share, and that such Shares shall be numbered in regular Progression, and every such Share shall always be distinguished by the Number to be applied for the lame, and that the said Three hundred and fifty Shares shall be and they are hereby vested in the several Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, so subscribing the fame, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to their and every of their proper Ule and Benefit proportionably to the Sum they shall and Litem-d respectively subscribe and pay thereunto; and all and every the said Shares PersonalEC. shall be deemed personal Estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the Nature of real Property; and all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and all and every Person and Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severally fubteribe the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, towards carrying on and completing the said Undertaking, shall be entitled to and receive, after the same shall be completed, the entire and neat Distrjbution of One three hundred and fiftieth Parc of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue by the Rates and other Sum and Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the Authority of this Act, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Shares; and every Body Politick and Corporate, Person or Persons having such a Property of One Share in the said Undertaking, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Shares as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the said Undertaking in Manner herein directed and appointed.

XXXVII. And, for the better fecuting to the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking their respective Shares therein, be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and they are hereby required, at their First or some subsequent General Assembly, to cause the Names and proper Additions of the several Persons who shall be then entitled to the Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of the Shares or the Amount of all the Subscriptions which they are then respectively entitled to hold, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be d;flinguished, to be fairly and distinilly entered in a Book to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company, and after such Entry made, to cause their Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and shall cause a Ticket or Instrument, with the Common Seal of the said Company affixed thereto, to be delivered to every such Subscriber upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he or they is or are entitled in the said Undertaking, every such Proprietor paying to the Clerk Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, for every

Names of Proprietors to be entered, and Tickets of their Shares delivcied to them.

499

41° GEORGII III. Cap.%3.

such Ticket or Instrument; and such Ticket or Instrument shall be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as Evidence of the Title of such Subscriber, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified, but the Want of such Ticket or Instrument shall not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shares from felling or disposing thereof , and which said Ticket or Instrument may be in the Words or to the HffetSt following-, (videlicet)

‘ The Surrey Iron Railway Company ! Number

Form of the Ticket.

‘ TTHESE are to certify. That A.B. of is a Proprietor

of the Share or Number being One Share of

‘ the Surrey Iron Railway, subje-51 to the Rules, Regulations, and Orders ‘ of the said Company, and that the said A.B. [his or her] Executors, ‘ Administrators, [or, Successors] and Assigns, is and are entitled to ‘ the Profits and Advantages of such Share. Given under the Common ‘ Seal of the said Company the Day of in the

Year of our Lord

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body or Bo*

dies Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, and his, her, or proprittor*. their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall by v'll^crVver virtue of this Act have subscribed for, or shall become entitled to, and be S;i'sie.c'

in the actual PoflVffion of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall be deemed a Proprietor for every such Share, and shall have a Vote for and in respect of every such Share, subject to the Restri<*»ions herein-after mentioned, in the General and Special Assemblies of the said Company, to be held as herein directed for carrying on the said Under* taking or relative thereto; which Vote shall and may be given by him, her, or them, or by his, her, or their Proxy or Proxies (such Proxy or Proxies being a Proprietor or Proprietors of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking) duly constituted under his, her, or their Hand or Hands or, in Cases of infancy, under the Hand or Hands of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, and chat every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good and valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Principal or Principals had voted In Person, and being an Infant had been of full Age: the Appointment of which Proxy shall and may be made in the Words or to the Efiedf following; (videlicet),

I A.B. One of the Proprietors [or, we A.B. and C.D. Guardians of ^0pj*eent ‘ E. F. One of the Proprietors] of the Surrey Iron Railway, do here- of a Proxy."

‘ by nominate, constitute, and appoint G. H. to be my [or, his or her]

‘ Proxy in my [or, his or her] Absence to vote and give my [or, his or

her] Assent or Diflenc to any Buftnels, Matter, or Thing, relating to ‘ the said Undertaking, which shall be mentioned or proposed at any Meeting of the Proprietors of the said Railway, or any of them, in

such Manner as he the said G. H. shall think proper, according to his.

‘ Opinion and Judgement, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, or

any Thing appertaining thereto. In Witness whereof 1 [or, we] have

hereunto let my Hand [or, our Hands] the Day of

in the Year of Our Lord

And

500

AH Qutflions

to hr df*c tlrrf by :ht Miji rity of Vote*.

Proprietors

may rule an Additional

neces-

lary.

power to raise Money by Mortgage.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

And that every Eicftion ot Committees and Officer.;, Question, Matter, and Thing whatsoever, which shall be pioposed, difeufied or coi fulereti in any General or Special Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors to be held by virtue of this Act, shall be finally determined by the Majority ot Votes and Proxies then present, computing One Vote to every Share as aforesaid; and that at every such Assembly One of the Proprietors present shall he appointed Picfuient or Chairman, who flo..11 not only have such Vote or Votes, as a Proprietor as aforesaid, but shall also, in case of an equal Division, have the decisive or Carting Vote: Provided always neverihcless. That no Person shall have more than Five Votes in his or her own Right, nor more than Five other Votes in right of any Proxy or Proxies.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Sum of Thirty-five thousand Pounds herein-before authorized to be raifrd, shall Ire found insufficient for malting, completing, and maintaining the said Rail-way, Dock, or Baton, and ocher Works hereby authorized to be made, and defraying all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise and eon'-tribute amongst themselves in Manner and Form aforesaid, and in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem meet, or by the Admitfion of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds , and every Subscriber towards railing such further or other Sum of Money shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote by himself or herself, or his or her Proxy, in respect of ^jery Share in the said additional Sum so to be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and Hand interefired in all the Profits and Powers of the said Undertaking, in Proportion to the Sum he, she, or they shall or may subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for and raised, had originally been Part of the said Sum < f Thirty-five thousand Pounds; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, That in case the said Company shall be desirous of raising the said Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds herein before authorized to be raised, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, it shall be lawful for the said Company, to borrow and take up at Interest all or any Part of the said Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds on the Credit of the said Undertaking, as to them shall (eem meet and convenient; and the said Company, or the Committee of the said Company, after an Order of any General Assembly, are hereby authorized and empowered to assign the Property of the said Undertaking, and the Rates arising or to arise by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof (the Costs and Charges of aligning the same to be paid out of such Rates) as a Security for any loch Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed as aforesaid, with IiPerert, to such Person or Persons, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance the lame; all which said Mortgages or Alignments shall be made under the Common Seal of the said Company in the Words or to the Effect following j (that is to say), - s.

I.*A Number

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33. 501

Number

« n Y virtue of an Act made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of King cf ‘ D George the Third, intituled [set forth the Title of this AftJ we the cr‘»i*te‘

Surrey Iron Railway Company, incorporated by and under the said Act,

‘ in Consideration of the Sum of to us in Hand

« paid by of do assign unto the

» said his \or, her] Executors, Administrators, and

‘ Assigns, the said Undertaking, and all and Angular the Rates arising by virtue of the said Act, and all the Eltaie, Right, Title, and Intend of

‘ and in the fame, after the Rate of for every One hundred

‘ Pounds for a Year, shall be fully paid and satisfied. Given under our Common Seal this Day of in the Year

‘ of our Lord

And all and every Person or Persons to whom such Mortgage or Assign-inent shall be made, shall be equally entitled, one with the other, to his, her, or their Proportion or Proportions of the said Rates and Premises, according to the rel’pcftive Sums in such Assignments mentioned, to be advanced without any Preference by reason of Priority of any such Assignments, or on any other Account whatsoever; and a Memorial of every such Alignment, containing the Date, Name or Names of the Person or , Per!onsto whom made, the Sum of Money borrowed, and the Rate of Interest, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company, which said Book or Books shall and may be perused at all reasonable Times by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the (jud Undertaking, or other Persons interested therein, without Fee or Reward i and all and every Person or Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Mortgages, Alignment or Assignments, shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money due thereon, shall and may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right or Interest therein to any Person or Persons whomsoever; which Transfer shall and may be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say],

‘ t [cr, we] of in Consideration of Form of the Sum of paid by of 1 nnsttr.

‘ do hereby transfer a certain Mortgage, Number made by the

‘ Surrey Iron Railway Company, to bearing Date the

' Day of for securing the Sum of and

Interest, and all my [or, our] Right and Property therein, to the Lid

his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

Dated this Day of in the Year of Our

‘ Lord

And every such Transfer shall, within Sixty Days after the Date thereof, be produced to the Clerk to the said Company, who shall cause a Memorial to be made thereof, in like Manner as the original Mortgages or Assignments, for which the said Clerk shall be paid such Sum as the said Company shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence} and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle such AUignee or Assignees, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the lull Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made such Transfer, to make void, releale, or discharge the fame, or any Sum or Sums of Money thereon due or thereby secured, or any Part thereof.

[Lot. & Per. J 6 L XLI. And

502

Interest of Muncy borrowed to be paid in preference 'o the Dividend}, or may be fusel a: Law*

Mortgagees not r» v <te oil Aco unt of having lent Money.

Fiift and othei General ^iTembliei.

Commitle* to be elc&ed.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of die Money which shall be borrowed by Mortgage as aforesaid, shall be paid Half-yearly to the several 1’ersons entitled thereto, in.preference to any Intcfeft or Dividends due and payable by virtue of tilts Ad to the said Company, or any of them, and shall from Time to Time be fully paid and discharged, or provided for before the yearly or other Interest or Dividends due to the f.tid Proprietors, or any of Aem, shall be paid, made, or divided; and in case the fame or any Part thereof shall be behind and unpaid by the Space of Thirty Days next after the Time shall become due and payable as afortfahl, aid after Demand made, that then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required on Request to them made by any Creditor whole Interest shall tie so in Arrear, by an Order under their Hands, ro appoint One or more Person or Persons to receive the Whole or Lch Part or Parts of the Did Rates as are liable to pay loch Ititerell so due and unpaid as aforesaid; and the Morey lo to be received by such I'crfon or Persons is hereby declared to be as !o math Money received by or to the Use of such Person or Persons to whom such Interest Dial 1 be then due, until the fame, together with the Costs and Charges of recovering and receiving the Rates, shall be fully f.ttis-fied and pa d j and after such Interest and Costs shall be paid and satis-tied, the Power and Authority of such Receiver anti Receivers, for the Porposes aforesaid, (frail cealc and determine, or otherwise the said Ime-rest, lo due and unpaid as aforesaid, shall be tiled for and recover'd with Costs, by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XLII. Provided always, That no Person to whom any such Mortgage or Afligtiment shall be made or transferred as aforesaid, shall be deemed a Proprietor of any Share, or shall be capable of acting or voting as such, either as Principal or by Pioxy, at any Meeting of the said Company, for or on Account of his or her having lent or advanced any Sum or Sums of Money On the Credit of such Assignment.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the First General Assembly of the said Company, for putting this Act in Execution, shall be held at the Spread Eagle Inn, in fVtwdfworlb, upon the Second Thursday next after the passing of this Act, at the Hour ot Eleven in the Forenoon; and the Sc. cond and every General Assembly shall be held at such Time and P*arc within the said Town of V/andfuorth as the said First General Assembly flvall appoint; and the like General Assembly shall be held, on the Fiift Thursday in June in every Year for the lutute, at such Place as the said Proprietors at each next preceding General Assembly shall appoint, all such Meetings being at the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon; and the said Company, at such respective General Afictnblies, together'with such Proxies as shall be then present, flvall choose and elect, out of such of the said Proprietors as at the Time of such Election shall respectively be of-sessed in their own Right of Stock to the Amount ot Three hundred Pounds at the lead in the said Undertaking, One Committee ro niaing* the Affairs of the said Company as herein dneded, and to confdt of Nine or more Persons, Three of whom shall, at all Meetings of the Committee, be a Quorum; and the said Company shall have Power and Authority, at any such General Assembly, to remove and displace any Person or Persons who shall have been chosen a Member or Members of the said

5° 3

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Committee, or any Officer or Officers under them, and to choose and deft others in case of Death or other Vacancy, and to revoke, alter, amend, or change any of the Rules or Directions which may h ive been prescribed and laid down by virtue of this Act, with regard to their Proceedings among!! themselves, as they Ih.ill diink proper (the Method of calling General or Special Affimblies, and their Time and Place of meeting and voting, and appointing Committees only excepted), and Ih.ill also have Power and Authority to make such new Rules, live Taws, and Orders, for the good Government of the said Company, their Agents, and Workmen, for making, maintaining, and using the said Railway, Dock, or Bason, or other Work-', and all other Conventencies, Matters, and Things that shall be made for the fame, anti also for and concerning till such Goods and Commodities as shall be conveyed thereon, and also for the well governing of all Persons who shall be employed in the convey- ing of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Articles and Things, upon any Part of the said Railway, Dock, or Bason, or other Works, and from Time to Time to alter and repeal the fai l live Law:, Orders, and Regulations, and to imp fe and inflict such reaffirm. le Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending again!! the fame, as to t e major Part of such General Aficrnblies shall idem meet, not exceed.ng the Sum of Five Pounds for any One Offence, such Fines and Forfeitures to be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as here in-a ft* t m rt» tinned; which said Rules live Laws, and Oiders, being reduced into Wrtttng, under the Common Seal of the said Company, shall be binding upon and observed by all Parties, an J shall be sufficient, in any Court of Law or Equity, to justify all Persons who shall act under the fame, provided they be not repugnant to the Laws of this Realm, or any Directions in this Act contained; and every such General Afle t.bly shall have Power to call for, audir, and settle all Accounts of Money received, laid our, and dtfbursed on Account of the said Undertaking, by the Trca-furers Receivers, or Collectors of the Rates, and other Officers by them appointed, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed by or concerned for or under them, in and about the said Railway, Dock, or Balon, and the Works (hereto belonging; but no Vote or Votes by Proxy shall be given, or have any Power in or as to the Audit and Settlement of Accounts; and the said Company shall have Power to adjourn chem-selves, from Time to Time, to such Place or Places as shall at any such General Assemblies be thought proper and convenient.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any such General Afftmbly there shall not be Persons present who shall be poffifled of cr entitled unto at ieaft Thirty Shares or Subscriptions of One hundred Pounds or upwards in the said Undertaking, either as Principals or Proxies, no Choice of a Committee, nor any Removal of a Person or Persons from any such Committee, nor any Electim of any Person or Persons in the Room of Rich of the Members of the said Committee who shall die or decline to act, shall be made at that Time, but in such Case there shall be another Assembly of the said Company, at the same Place, upon that Day Three Weeks, and if a sufficietu Number of Proprietors, as Principals or by Proxies, shall not then attend, the said General Assembly shall stand adjourned to the same Place on the Third ‘Thursdayntx.x. following; and such Choice, Removal, or new Appointment of any Member of any such Committee shall then take place, and , not

General AO

femnlies for thoofing Committees, to consist of 24 Shaics.

541° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

not before, and such Committee so before appointed (bill continue to act, and have the fame Power? as they had and were pofiifiVd of, until a new Committee shall be appointed as aforesaid; and in calc of Failure of the assembling of a sufficient Number cf Proprietors, having such Shares or Subscriptions as Principals or Proxies, at such First General Assembly, every Proprietor who shall not attend such Second Assembly in Person or by Proxy, shall forfeit to the said Company, for every Share or Subl’cription of One hundred Pounds which he or she shall poflifs in the said Undertaking, the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be deduded out of his or her next succeeding Payment of Interest or Dividends of the Profits of the said Undertaking, as the Case may happen , and in case no Interest or Dividends shall be payable to such Person or Persons making Default as aforesaid, within Three Calendar Months next after the making of such Default, then the Payment of the said Forfeiture of Ten Shillings may be recovered and enforced by the Ways and Means herein-after appointed for the Recovery of any other of the Penalties or Forfeitures ini-posed by this Act.

Affenibliesof

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear, n.j^hTfpt- that for the more effectually putting this Act into Execution, a Special ciaiiy ton- General Assembly of the said Company is necess-iry to be heid, it shall

tdied. be ]awfu] for any p;ve or niore of the said Proprietors, who may each of

them be possessed of or entitled unto Three Shares or Subscriptions of Three hundred Pounds or upwards, at the leaf!, in the said Undertaking, to cause Ten Days Notice at the least to be given thereof in fiime Newspaper usually circulating in the said County of Surrey, or by giving to each Proprietor, or leaving at his or her usual Place of Abode, a Notice in Writing, signed by such Proprietors or by the Clerk to the said Company for the Time being, or in such other Manner as the said Company shall at any General Assembly direct or appoint, specifying in such Notice the Reason and Intention of requesting such Special Assembly, and the Time when and Place where the same shall be held, and the said Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice, and such of them as shall be present shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given to the said Company with resptd to the Matters so specified only; and all such Acts of the Proprietors, or the major Part of them, met together at every such Special General Assembly (provided such major Part shall be possessed of at least Thirty Shares or Subscriptions of One hundred Pounds each in the said Undertaking, either as Principals or Proxies J shall be valid, with respect to the Matters specified in such Notice, a* if the fame had been done at a General Assembly at the Time herein-before appointed for holding the same.

Officers to the

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

bea Poiot«! Company at any General Meeting assembled, and they are hereby au-11 ' thorized and required, from Time to Time, to nominace and appoint a Treasurer and Clerk, and such ocher Officers as they shall think proper, and shall take sufficient Security from every such Treasurer ami other Officer, having the Care or Custody of any Money to be raised or received by virtue of this Act, for the due Execution of his Office, as the said Company shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove any such Treasurer, Clerk, and other Officers, or any of them; and such Clerk shall attend the General Meetings and AssembUes of the said Company,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

505

pany, and the Meetings of the said Committee, and shall, in a proper Book or Books to be provided lor that Put pose, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and i'laces of Abode of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking and of the several Persons who shall from Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors, or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of all the Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions of the said Company and of the said Committee, by virtue of and under the Authority of this Act j and that every Proprietor of the Lid Undertaking shall and may at all convenient Times have recouile to and peruse and inspect the fame, and also the Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, gratis, and may demand and have Copies thereof or any Part thereof, paying Sixpence for every One hundred Words so to be copied; and if any such Clerk shall refolc to permit any of the said Proprietors to inspect or peruse any such Books at all convenient Times and Seasons, or refuse to make any such Copy or Copies in a reasonable Time at the Rate aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence lorfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for the Benefit of the said Undertaking -, and whenever any such Treasurer or Clerk shall die or be removed from or quit the Service of the said Company, it shall be lawful for the Committee of such Proprietors for the Time being, or a Majority of them, to appoint some other fit Person or Persons to be Treasurer or Clerk in the Place of him or them so dying, being removed, or quitting the said Service, until the then next General Assembly of the said Company, when such Appointment shall be confirmed, or another Treasurer or Clerk shall be nominated and appointed in his or their Stead.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Committee for the Time Powers of the being of the said Company, shall have Power Irom Time to Time to make ^aking'cauT such Call or Calls for Money from the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, to defray the Expences of and ro carry on the fame, as they shall from Time to Time find necessary for those Purposes, so that no such Call do exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon each Share, and so as no Calls be made but at the Distance ot One Calendar Month at the least from each other, which Monies so called for shall be paid co such Person and Persons, and in such Manner as the said Committee shall from Time to Time appoint and diretfl for the Use of the said Undertaking; and such Committee shall, until the n< xt General Assembly, to be holden in Manner as aforesaid, meet at such Times and at such Places, and fresh Time to Time adjourn the.mlelves to such other Time as they shall think fit; and at all Meetings of the said Committee, One of the Members present shall be appointed President or Chairman, and all Questions,

Matters, and Things which shall he proposed, dilcufled, or considered at such Meetings, shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes; but no Member of such Committee, although he may be a Proprietor of many Shares in the said Undertaking, shall have more than One Vote in the said Committee, except the President or Chairman, who in case of an equal Division shall always have a Second and the Casting Vote; and in order to defray the Expence of the Meetings of the said Committees, it shall be lawful for the said Committees, and they are hereby allowed to expend or detain to themselves a ri lable Sum of Money out of the

[Lot. fc? Per.-]

Capital

506

Subscribers to have Notice before their Shares aie forfeited.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Capital Stock of the said Proprietors, for their Expences in attending such M etings; and the said Committee shall have Power and Authority to direct and manage all the Affairs of the said Company, as well in buying and purchasing Lands and Hereditaments, and Materials for the Use of the said Undertaking and Works, as in employing, ordeiing, and directing the Works and Workmen, and in placing and displacing Under Officers, Clerks, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and in making all Contrails and Bargains touching the said Undertaking, so thac no such Purchase, Bargain, or other Matter be done or transited without the Concurrence of aMajoiityof the said Committee as aforesaid then assembled; and every Owner or Owners of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall pay his, her, or their Shares and Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, at such Time and Place as aforesaid, of which One Calendar Month’s Notice at the lead shall be given, not exceeding the Sum aforesaid for every Share, by publishing the fame in some One such Newspaper as aforesaid, or by giving Notice in Writing to such Proprietor, or leaving the fame at his or her usual or lad Place of Abode, or in such other Manner as the said Company shall at any General Assembly direct or appoint; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of the said Money to be called for, by the Fird Call to be made by virtue of this Act, at the Time and Place appointed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company to sue for and recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, of more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of the said Money to be called for after the Fird Call as aforesaid, at the Time and Place so appointed as aforesaid, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds nor less than Two Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of his, her, or their respective Share or Shares in the said Undertaking; and in case such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of the said Money to be called for as aforesaid, for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the Time appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, and at the Place so to be appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, then he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit his, her, or their respective Share and Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profit and Benefit thereof, and all Money advanced by him, her, or them, to and for the Use and Benefit of the o'her Proprietors of the said Undertaking; and all such Forfeitures shall be sold at a Publick Sale by the said Company for the mod: Money they can get for the fame, and the Pro- ‘ duce thereof shall be equally divided amongd the red of the said Company, in Proportion to their respective Shares and Intereds in the said Undertaking.

XLVIII. Provided always, That no Advantage shall be taken of the Forfeiture of any Share or Shares of the said Undertaking, until Notice shall be given by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Company to the Owner or Owners thereof, or Notice in Writing left at his, her, or their J ' usual

5°7

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

usual or lad Place of Abode, nor unless the same shall be declared to be forfeited at some General Assembly of the said Company, which shall be held after the End of Two Calendar Months after the Forfeiture shall happen to be made , and every such Forfeiture shall he an Indemnification and Discharge to and for every Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, after such Share or Shares shall have been deemed to be forfeited by a General Assembly, but not before, against all Actions, Suits, or Prosecutions whatsoever, to be commenced or prosecuted for any Breach of Contrail or other Agreement between such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, and the rest of the Proprietors, with regard to carrying on the said Undertaking.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in any Action brought by the said Company, against any Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company, for or by reason of any Call or Calls made by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare and alledge that the Defendant or Defendants, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of such or so many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear shall amount unto, for such or so many Call or Calls of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money, upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as the Case may happen to be) whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of this Act, without felting forth the Special Matter; and on the Trial of such Action, it shall only be necessary to prove that the Defendant or Defendants, at the Time of making such Call or Calls, was or were a Proprietor or Proprietors of some Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and that such Call or Calls was or were in fact made, and that such Notice thereof was given as is directed by this Act, without proving the Appointment of the Committee who made such Call or Calls, or any other Matter whatsoever; and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover what shall appear due, unless it shall appear that any such Call exceeded the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Sum of One hundred Pounds, or was made within the D (lance of One Calendar Month from the lad preceding Call, or without Notice given as aforesaid j and after Judgement shall be given for the said Company in any such Action, Execution shall not be (tayed by reason of any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unless such Defendant or Defendants, with Two sufficient Sureties, shall first become bound to the said Compiny by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the Court in which such Judgement shall be given, in Double the Sum adjudged to the said Coni] any by such Judgement, to prosecutethe said Writ of Error with EtTedi; and also if the said Judgement be affirmed, or the said Writ of Error be non-profted, to satisfy and pay the Debt, Damages, and Cods adjudged by the fed Judgement, and all Cods and Damages to be awarded for Delay of Execution.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Committee to nominate and appoint, out of their own Body, One or more Sub-Commi tee or Sub-Committees (every such Sub-Committee to confid

of

Directing the Proceedings in Actions for Calli.

C jmmittee may appoint Sub-Committees, with Power to make Contracts, etc.

508

And Committee may dissolve such Sub-Committees.

Power* of

Sub-Committees may bs exercised by Majority.

At Meeting* of Sub-Committee*, Chairman to be appointed.

Committee to be under Con-ti oul of General Assemblies.

Books of Account to be kept.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

of Five or more Persons) who shall have full Power and Authority to enter into and make any such Contracts or Agreements on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, and to hire and employ any Agents, Workmen, or Servants in and abouc the said Undertaking, and to do, execute, and perform all other Matters and Things whatsoever, in and about the said Undertaking, which the said Committee are themselves htrein-before authorized to do, or such of them as the said Committee shall think proper to entrust to the Care and Management of any such Sub-Committee or Sub-Committees, save and except, nevertheless, the appointing of Clerks, Collectors, Engineers, Surveyors, and other Principal Officers, and the auditing and settling of the Accounts of the Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk', Collectors, Engineers, Surveyors, and other Principal Officers, and the making Calls for Money upon the P.o-prietors of the said Undertaking; and that it shall be lawful for the said Committee for the Time being, to order and direct such Compensation or Recompence to be made to the said Sub-Committee or Sub-Committees, from Time to Time, as they shall think reasonable; and it shall also be lawful for the said Committee, by an Order or Resolution for that Purpose, to break up and dissolve any such Sub-Committee or Sub-Cotnmittees, or to remove and displace any Member or Members thereof, and appoint some other or others in his or their Place and Stead, when and as often as such Committee shall think proper and expedient; and such Sub-Committees shall have full Power and Authority to meet from Time to Time, and adjourn from Place to Place, as they shall think proper, and as Occasion shall require, for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid; and all Powers and Authorities hereby veiled, or which shall by the said Committee be veiled in any such Sub-Committee or Sub-Commitr es, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, Hull and may be exercised by the major Part of the Members prefi nt at their respective Meetings, the whole Number present not being less than Three; and at all Meetings of such Sub-Committees respectively, One of the Members present shall be appointed President or Chairman; and all Questions shall be decided by the Majority of Votes, and the President or Chairman shall have the Calling Vote, in case of an equal Division, although he may have given One Vote before.

LI. And be it further enacted, That such Committee shall from Time to Time make Reports of their Proceedings to, and be subject to the Examination and Controul of the said General and Special Assemblies of the said Proprietors as aforesaid, and shall pav due Obedience to all such Orders and Directions in and about the Premises as shall from Time to Time be made by the said Proprietors at any such General or Special Assembly, such Orders and Directions not being contrary to any express Directions or Provisions in this Act contained.

LII. And be it further enacted, That proper Books of Accounts and other Matters relating to the said Undertaking shall be kept; and that all such Books and other Matters shall be deposited and kept under the Direction of the Committee for the Time being, at such Place or Places as the said Company shall from Time to Time direct, and every Proprietor or Proprietors, at all reasonable Times, shall have free Acctfs to the fame for his, her, or their Inspection, without Fee or Reward.

5 LIII. And

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33; 509

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners of any On the Death Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall happen to die before lush Cali before^h.ire!’ of Calls shall have been made, for the full Sum to be advanced on any competed. Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall have been polfiefled of or en- Etecutori titled to, without having made Provision by Will or otherwise, how or in '

what Manner Inch Share or Shares shall be clifposed of, and how or by what Means the future Calls in respect thereof shall be paid to the said Company for the Purpose of the said Undertaking, then and in such Case the Executors or Administrators of any such Owner so dyt g, or the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Lunat;ck or Lunaticks, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or of any other Person or Persons entitled to the Estate and Effiedls of such d. ceased Owner, shall be indemnified against all and every such I fant or Infants, and against all and every Person or Persons whomsoever for or on Account of hi*,' her, or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money, when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscription; and if such deceas'd Owner or Owners shall not have left A (fits sufficient, or in case the Executors or Administrators, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians, shall refuse or neglect to answer such Calls, the said Company shall be and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be-a Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, on Condition that he, she, or they so admitted, do and shall, on or before fu,h Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, or to the Trustee or Trustee*, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or to any other Person or Perfir.s who shall or may be entitled to his, her, or their Effects, the full Sum or Surras of Money which shall have been paid by such O wher or Owners in his, her, or their Life- time, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame can be fold f ir; and in case no Person or Persons shall be found, who is or are willing to be admitted on such Condition as aforesaid, then and in such Calc such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to and become vested in the rest of the said Company, in Trust for and for the equal Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors in Proportion to their respectiveslntfrtfts in the said Undertaking, and shall be subject to be sold and disposed of in like Manner as ether forfeited Shares may be fold and disposed of by virtue of this Act.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the fevera Shares may be Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respective Execu- fu,d-tors or Administrators, to sell and dispose of any Share or Share' to which he, she, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and 9

Conditions herein mentioned and provided; and the Form of Conveyance for such Sales shall be in the following Words or to the like Effect, varying the Names and Descriptions of the contracting Parties as the Case may require:

I A.B. in consideration of paid to rre Form of Con.

‘ 1 by C. D do hereby bargain, fell, and transfer unto the said C.D. veyanc*.

4 Share for Shares as the Cnje may be] of the Undertak-

ing called The Surrey Iron Railway, to hold to him the said C.D. his ‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the same Rules,

ILoe. Esf Per.2 6N ‘Orders

5io 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Order*, and Rtftriflions, and on the fame Conditions that I held the ‘ iame imrnrdiaiely before the Execution hereof: And I the said C.D. ‘ do hereby agree to take and accept the said Share or Shares, subject to ‘ the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions, anc} Conditions. AsWitnelsour

Hands and Seals the Day of

And on every such Sale, the said Deed of Conveyance, executed by the Seller or Sellers, and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares, shall be krpt by the said Purchaser or Purchasers lor his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk of the said Proprietors for the Time being shall have entered in the said Books a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale, to be kept for the Use of the said Company, and have testified or indorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of Sale or I’tansfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid j and the said Clerk is hereby required to make such Entry or Memorul accord, ingly; and unless and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers (h >11 have no Part of the P.ofics of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Share or Shares paid unto him, her, or them, or any Vote as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

ytr*<r a Cali,

LVI. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such Money "°d®hJr* shall have been made by such Committee as aforesaid, no Person or Per-ttrt t Call be fons shall fell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall polfefs in the said Undertaking, upon the Penalty oi forfeiting

his, her, or their respective Share or Shares therein, to the said Company, in Trust for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors, unlrfs he, she, or they at the Time of such Sale or Transfer, shall have paid and discharged, to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share lb fold or transferred, such Forfeiture nevertheless to be notified and declared 2t a General Assembly, in Manner before directed.

LVII. And be it furthet^enacted, That if any of the Deeds for or respecting the Shares of the Company aforesaid shall be worn out or damaged, then Upon the fame being brought and shewn at some General Asseinbly of the said Company of Proprietors, such Deeds may be cancelled and destroyed, and other similar Deeds given under the Seal of the said Company, to the Person or Persons in whom the Property of such Deeds, and the Shares therein mentioned, shall be at that Time verted; or in case such Deeds shall be burnt or totally destroyed, that then, upon due Proof thereof, like Deeds shall be given to the Person or Persons who weie the Owner or Owners of, or entitled to such Deeds so burnt or destroyed, so as that a due Entry of the Transfer of such Deed or Deeds (if any such have been made) shall have been entered by the Clerk to the said Company in Manner herein-directed.

LVIII. And whereas much Inconvenience may arise by the frequent «o S'.-,*. ac_' Tianster of Shares in the said Undertaking, by the Marriage and Death Si-ln? by q( Proprietors, and it may be difficult to ascertain to whom the Dividends *>y " F arising or becoming due upon such Shares ought to be paid and do belong, be it therefore further enacted, That before any Person or Persons who

£°«uiuttra. j .11

For prantinr new Deed* when o d Ores are destroyed or worn out.

1

Proof to be

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33. 5*

shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the fair] Undertaking, by virtue of his or their Marriage or Marriages, shall be entitled to receive the same, an Affidavit containing a Copy of the Register of I'uch Marriage, or the Effect of futh Regiftei, shall be made and (worn to by some crrdib'e Person before a Judge in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or before a Matter or Matter Extraordinary inJChan-ccry, or One of His Majesty's Jufbccs of the Peace, and shall be tians-initted to the Clerk of the said Company for the Time being, who shall file the fame, and make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books wh ch shall be kept by him for the entering of Transfers of Shares in the said Undertaking; and that before any Person or Persons who shall cairn any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, by virtue of any Brquest nr Will, or of any Letters of A IminillriKion, shall be rnutled to receive the same, the said Will or the Probate Copy thereof, or such Letters of Administration, shall be produced and shewn to the Law Cirik of the said Company, or an Affidavit containing a Copy of lb much of such Will as shall relate to the Share or Shares of the Tcffiator or T fta-trix, or a Copy of the said Letters of Administration, in tale the Proprietor shall have died in-estate, shall be made and sworn to by the Executor or Executors of such Will, or by the Administrator or Admimltra-tors of the Estate and Effeifts of the Proprietor dying intestate (as the Case may happen to be) before a Judge of One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, a Master or Mailer Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the said Company, who shall file and enter the lame in Manner aforesaid.

LIX. And, in Consideration of the great Charge and Expence which Rar« of the said Company mull incur and sustain in making and maintaining the Tonnage, laid Railway, and Dock or Bason, and other the Works hereby authori-(< zed to be made and maintained, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, from Time to Time and ap all Times hereafter, 10 ask, demand, take, recover and receive, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Company, for the Tonnage and Wharfage of all Goods Wares, Merchandize, and other Things which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed into or out of the said Dock or Bason, such Rates and Duties as the said Company shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of Four-pence per Ton, on entering into or passing ouc of the said Dock or Bason; and also for the Tonnage and Wharfage of all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Things which shall be carried or conveyed upon any Part of the said Railway, such Rates and Duties as the said Company shall think fit, not exceeding the Rates herein-after mentioned; (that is to say) For all Dung, Two-pence per Ton per Mile; for all Limestone, Chalk, Lime, and all other Manure (except Dung) Clay, Breeze, Allies, Sand, and Bricks, Three-pence per Ton per Mile; for all Tin, Copper, Lead, Iron,

Stone, Flints, Coals, Charcoal, Coke, Culm, Fullers Earth, Corn and Seeds, Flour, Malt, and Potatoes, Four-pence per Ton per Mile; and for all other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and Things whatsoever.

Sixpence per Ton per Mile; and in ail Cases where there shall be a Fraction of a Ton, a Proportion of the said Rates shall be demanded and taken for such Fraction, according to the Number of Quarters ol a Ton contained in such Fraction; and where there shall be a Fradion of a Quarter of a Tor, such FrafUon shall be deemed and considered as a Whole , Quarter

512 4lC GEORGII 111. Cap. 33.

Quaker of a Ton-, and in all Cases where thrre shall be a Fradion of a JVJde in the Distance which any Waggon or other Carriage shall pafi upon the said Railway, such Fraction shall, in aliercaining the said Rates, be deemed and considericd as a Mile: And in order to alcerram such Distances, the said Company shall cause the said Railway to be mea lined, and Stunts or Polls, with proper lnscriptions, to be erected, and for ever maintained on the Sides of the lame, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, or at such less Distance as the said Company or their Committee shall think fit.

Recovery of

LX. And be it further enact^d, Thit the Rates herein aurhoiized to be demanded and taken, shall be paid to such Person or Persons, at such Place or Places at or near the said Railway, Dock or Bason, in such Manner, and undrr such Regulations, as the said Company at some General or Special Assembly or Assemblies shall direct or appoint and in cale of Denial or Neglect of Payment of any such Rates, or any Part thereof, on Demand, to the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same as aforesaid, the said Company may sue for the same by Action of Debt, or upon the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; or the Person or Persons to whom such Rates ought to have been paid may, and he or they is and are hereby authorized to fr.ze the Goods or other Things, for or in respect whereof any such Rates ousht to have been paid, or any Part thereof, and the Barge or other Veird, Waggon or other Carriage laden therewith, and detain the fame until such Payment shall be made, and also until Payment of all Arrears of any Rates which may be due from the Owner or Owners of such Barge or other Vessel, Waggon or other Carriage, as the Case may be, to the said Company, together with the reasonable Charges for such Seizure and Detention , and if such Goods shall not be redeemed within Five Days next after the taking thereof, the same shall be appraised and sold as the Law directs in Cases of Distrel's for Rent; and the said Company shall have K

full Power from Time to Time, at any General Assembly, to lower or reduce all or any of the said Rates, and again to ra:fe the same as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Rates before-mentioned, as often as it shall be deemed necessary for the Interest of the said Undertaking.

Company tm-

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

leau'thet0 Company, and they are hereby authorized and empowered at any of their

Rates. 6 General Assemblies, by Writing under their Common Seal, at any Time . or Times, to let to Farm the Rates hereby made payable, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon the Whole or any Parc or Parts of the said Railway, or at the said Dock or Bason, unto any Person or Persons, for any Term or Time they shall think proper, not exceeding Seven Years from the Commencement of any Lease, and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual; and the Lessee or Lessees thereof, and also such Person or Persons as such Lessee or LefTces shall appoint to collect and receive the Rates so let, shall, during the Continuance of every such Lease, be deemed Collectors of the Rates so let, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting and recovering the same as if they had been appointed for that Purpose by the said Company, provided publitk Notice of the Intention to let the said Rates, or any Part thereof, be given in Writing by the said Committee, or any Five

or

4-i?0.CORGII 'III. Cap. 33, 513

of, most of them,-.or-the Clerk to the said Company, by Advertise-m«nt published in loth'Newspaper, or by Notice to such Proprietors as atorff^id, at. lead Twenty-one Days prior to any such General Assembly at which the said Rates or any Part thereof arc proposed to be let as aforesaid. . ir

LXII. And, for the better ascertaining and more easily collecting the Matters of said Rates, be it further enabled. That the Owner or Owners, or Person waggon"'»* or Persons having the Care or Command of any Barge or other Vessel <o give in Ac. entering into or pafiVog out of the said Dock or Bason; and the Owner Of- Owners, or Person or Persons having the Care of any Waggon or other Carriage passing upon the said Railway, or any Part thereof respectively, shall give an exact and true Account in Writing, signed by him or them, to the Collectors of, the said-Rates, at the Place or Places where they shall attend for that Purpose, of what Quantity of Goods or other Things as aforesaid shall be in such Waggon or other Carriage, Barge or Velkl rdpechvely, and with ref pc ft to such Waggon or other Carriage, from whence brought and where the same are intended to be unloaded or left and in case any Person shall neglect or refule to give such Account, or to produce'his Bill of Lading to any such Collector demanding the fame, or shall give a false Account, of (halt deliver any Part of his Lading or Goods at apy other Place than what is or are mentioned in such Account, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Rates,- or any Part of th>-rn, he (halt forfeit and pay any Sum m t exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less thaw Ten Shillings for every Ton of such Goods and other Things, and so in Proportion for any lei's Quantity than a Ton, which shall be in any such Waggon or other Carnage, Barge: or vessel respectivelyi of which such Accuunt shall be so retufed to be given, or which shall be fraudulently delivered out as aforesaid, as the Case shall happen to be, over and above the respective Rates directed to be paid for the same by virtue hereof.

LXIII. And, for better ascertaining the Tonnage of Goods and Wright of other Things to be charged with the Payment tif such Rates as aforesaid, be it further enacted and declared, That One hundred and twenty Pounds Weight Avoirdupois shall for/ the Purposes of this Act be deemed, rated, or estimated as and for One Hundred Weight, any Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

>- ' . i 1:

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Difference shall arise rfanyDiffer-betwren any Collector of the said Rates and the Owner or Person having enceconcern-the Charge of any Waggon or other Carriage, Barge or other Vessel, or coilerior,1 ’ the Owner of any Goods or other Things, it shall be lawful for any such yf *'Sh OT Collector to flop and detain any such Waggon or other Carriage, Barge waggoat. or other Vessel, and to weigh, measure, or gauge, or cauie to be weighed, measured, or gauged such Waggon or other Carriage, and to measure or gauge, or cause to be measured or gauged, such Barge or other Vessel, and all such Goods and other Things as shall be therein contained respectively; and in case the fame shall, upon such Weighing, measuring, or gauging, appear to be of greater weight or Quantity than what is fee forth and contained in the Account given thereof as aforesaid, then the Owner or Person giving in such Account shall pay the Colts - [Loc. fc? Per.] 6 0 and

514

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

and Charges of such weighing, measuring, and gauging; all which said Coils and Charges, upon Refusal of Payment thereof upon Demand, shall and may be recovered and levied by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner as the said Rates are hereby appointed to be recovered and levied; but if such Goods or other Things shall appear to be of the fame or less Weight or Quantity than the same shall by such Account appear to be of, then the said Collector shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, measuring, and gauging, and also pay to such Owner or Person, or 10 the Owner or Owners of such Goods or other Things, such Damages as shall appear to the said Commissioners, on the Oath of any credible Witness (ail which Oaths the said Commissioners, are hereby empowered to administer) to have arisen from such Detention, and in Default of immediate Payment thereof by the Ccllciflor, the lame shall be recovered from the said Company by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

Raawj°nrtle

LXV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons whomsoever shall tubefreeupon have free Liberty to use with Horles, Cattle, and Carriages; the Roads, PaynKntrf Ways, and Passages to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of conveying any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Thing', to or from the said Railway, and Dock or Bason; and every Part thereof, without paying any Thing for the Use of such Roads, Ways, and i'af-sages, and also to pass upon and use the said Railway with Waggons or other Carriages, and into and use the said Dock or Bason with Vessels, properly constructed rCIpectively, as herein-after mentioned, and to employ, the said Wharfs and Quays for loading and unloading lurh Goods and other Things, upon Payment of such Rates as shall be demanded by the said Company, not exceeding the respective Sums herein mentioned, and subject to the Rules and Regulations which shall be from Time to Time made by the said Company, by virtue of the Powers herein granted.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, Thar no Person or Persons whomsoever shall pass upon any Part of the said Railway with any Waguon or other Carriage whatsoever, unless the same shall be conffructed agreeably to the Orders and Regulations of the said Company; which Orders and Regulations shall be tfuck upon a conspicuous Part of every Toll Hou'fc erected on such Railway for the collecting of the Rates by this Act imposed, (except in eroding the fame for the convenient Occupa ion of the adjacent Grounds, or in passing any Publick or Private CarriageKoad which may happen to cross the said Railway), and that if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall pass uoon any Part or t1 e fcid Railway w.fh any Waggon or Carriage not constructed in the Manner h'-rein-befo e directed (except as before excepted) he, she, or they (o'offending (fall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings to the said Company.

Owner! to put LXVII. And, for the better Regulation of the Owners of Waggons th and other Carriages, and others employed by or under th-m irf'cCtively,

Oil OutlKW , r 1 0 ,-y n- . r , 1

their Wag- and for the more ealy Detection of any T mna by them d me conn vy ro

g®111- the Directions of this Act, be it further enacted, Thar every Owr.e' «.f

any Waggon or other Carriage, passing along the said Railway, shall cmie

. his

No Waggons to pass on Railway, on. less con.truited as directed by the Company.

5*5

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

his or her Name anti Place of Abode, and the Number of his or her

Waggon t.r other Carriage, to be entered with the Clerk to the said Company, and shall also cause loch Name and Number to be painted in large White Capital Letters and Figures on a Black Ground Three Inches high at the lead, and a proportional Breadth, on some conspicuous Part of the Outside of every such Waggon or other Carriage, and shall permit and suffer every such Waggon or other Carriage to be gauged or measured at the Expence of the said Company whenever it shall be required by them, or any Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose, provided that no such Waggon or other Carriage shall be gauged or measured more than Four Times in any One Year; and every Owner of any Waggon or other Carriage which shall pass on any Part of the said Railway, without having such Name, Figures, and Index thereon, as herein-before directed, and every Person who shall alter, erase, deface, or delboy the fame or any Part thereof, c-r who shall refuse to permit and suffer the same to be gauged and measured, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, Thar the Owner or Owners of In,

every Waggon or o her Carriage, passing upon the said Railway, and of (wf^iVfor ' every Barge or other Vessel, tifing the said Dock or Bason, shall be and Damages, is hereby made antwerable lor any Damage, Spoil, or Mischief that shall be done by his, her, or their Waggon or other Carriage, Barge or other Vessel, or any of the Waggoners or other Persons belonging to or employed in or about the fame relpeffively, unto the Railway, Dock, Bason, or other Works to be made by virtue of this AfV, or by loading or unloading any Waggon or other Carriage, Barge, or other Vessel, and for any Trrfpafs or Damage that shall or may be done to the Owners or Occupieis of any Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or other Property adjoining or lying near to the lame or any of them, or any other Trespass whatsoever; and the said Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage, Barge, or other Vessel, shall for every such Damage, upon Conviction of such PeTon or Persons before any Justice of the Peace, either by the Con-f (lion of the Parry or Parties offending, or upon the Oath or Oaths of One or mote credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath or Oaths such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer) pay to the Person or Persons injured the Damages to be ascertained by such Justice, provided that such Damages do ndt exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, and also shal', over and above f ch Damages, forfeit afld pay to the Infarmer any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, and nil Costs, Charges, and Expences, attending such Conviction-, which Damiges, Penalties, and Costs shall be levied by Distrrfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage, Barge, or other Vessel, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hind and Seal of such Justice, and the Overplus (if any) after such Pen lty, Damages, and the Costs and Charges of such Diltiefs and Sale are denuded, shall he returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, or if the said Damages shall exceed the Sum of Fi'C Pounds, then and in such Case the Owner or Owners of such A'faguon or other C irriage, Barge or other Vess.l, shall and may be protect! ccd f r the fame in any Court of Record at WestmirJltr, and if found guil y, ot a Verdict pass againsthimor her, or Judgement be given agair.ft

him

516

Owrrrs to recover back from their Servant* any Sum paid for i heir Neglector De-Uult.

fit

Company or Committee to regulate the Passage cn the Railway, and the tiling of the Dock.

fcarges, &c. sunk to be weighed up.

*i° GEORGII III. Cap. 33,

him or Jher, upon Demurrer or by Default, the Plaintiff in such Case ftial} recover his Damages thereby sustained, with full Costs of Suit.

LXIX. Provided always, That in case the Owner or Owners of any Waggon or other Carriage, Barge or other Vessel as aforesaid, shall be compelled to pay any Penalty, Or to make Satisfaction for any Damage by reason of any wilful Neglect or Default done or committed by his, her, or their Servant such Servant shall be liable to repay, such Penalty or Satisfaction to such Owner or Owners, and in case of Non-payment unop Demand, thereof, and Oath made by such Owner or Owners, of the Payment by him, her, or them, of such Penalty or Satisfaction, and that the fame hath not betn repaid to him, her, or them, by such Servant, although demanded (such Oath to be made before One Justice of the Peace) the fame Penalty and Satisfaction shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Servanr, together with all Costs and Charges attend* ing such Distress and Sale; and the said Penalty and Satisfaction, when recovered, shall be paid to such Owner or Owners in' Discharge of such Penalty and Satisfaction so by him or them paid for the wilful Act or Default of such Servant as aforesaid; and in case no liafficieat Distrcls can be had, such Justice of the Peace shall and is hereby required to commit i’uch Servant to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months,

LXX. And be it further enacted, That it fit all be lawful for the said Company from Time to Time to make such Rules, Orders, and Regulations as they shall think proper for or relating to Waggons or other Carriages pairing along or using the said Railway and other Work', and Barges and other Vtflirls entering into, lying in, or using the said Dock or Bason and other Works, and all such Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall be binding upon, and be conformed co by the Owners or Persons having the Care or Conduct of such Waggons or other Carriages, Barges or other Vessels, upon Pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings for every Default; and if any Wag-gpn or ojher Carriage, Barge or other Vessel, shall be placed or suffered to remain in any Part of the said Railway, Dock, or Bason, or other Works, so as to obstiuct the Passage thereof, and the Pprlbn having the Care of such Waggon or other Carriage, Barge or other Vessel, lb»p not immediately, upoa Request made, remove such Waggon or other Carriage, Barge or other Vessel, he shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings nor less chan One Shilling for every Hour such Obstruction shall continue alter the making of such Request, apd it shall be lawful for any Agent or Officer to the said Company to cause any furh Waggon or other Carriage, Barge or other Vessel, to be unloaded if necessary, and to be removed in such Manner as shall be proper for preventing such Obstruction, and detain such Waggon or other Carriage, Barge qr other Vessel, and the Loading thereof, or any Part of such Loading, until the Charges occasioned by ft?ch Removal shall be paid i and if any Barge or other Vessel shall be sunk in the said Dock Qr Bason, or other Works, and the Owner or Person having the Care or Conan.and of such Barge or Vessel shall not, without Loss of Timt, weigh or draw up the fame, it shall be lawful for the Agents and Servants

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33. 517

of the said Company, or any of them, to caul'e such Barge or other Vessel to be weighed or drawn up, and to detain and keep the fame until Payment be made of all the Expences necessarily occafiuned relating thereto; and if such Payment shall not be made within the Space of Five Days, then it shall be lawful for the said Company to lell and dispose of such Barge or other Vessd, with the Loading thereof, in such Manner as the Law directs in Cases of Distrtfs for Rent in Arrear, rendering to the former Owner of such Barge or other Vrflel the Overplus, after such Expences and the Charges of such Sale shall be deduced.

L.XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall float any Timber upon the said Dock, Bason, or other Navigable Work, or shall arutTing the suffer the Loading of any Barge of other Vessel therein, or of any Wag- ufmgot the gon or other Carriage using the said Railway, to He over the Sides of such Barge or other Vessel, Waggon or other Carriage respectively, or shall overload any such Barge or other Vessel, Waggon or other Carriage, so as to obstruct the puffing of any other Barge or otlrer Vessel, Waggon or other Carriage, and shall not immediately, upon Notice to him given for that Purpose, remove such Obstruction, or if any Person shall throw any Eallait, Gravel, Stones, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing into or upon any Pare of the said Railway, Dock, Bason, or other Work to be made by virtue of this Act, or if any Person or Persons shall wantonly; carelessly, or negligently open or cause to be opened any Lock Gate, or any Paddle, Valve, or Clough belonging to any Lock 10 be enfted by virtue of this Act, or suffer any Barge or other Vessel to strike or run upon any Lock, or shall wilfully flulh or draw; off the Water from the said Dock, Bason, or other Work, pr shall leave any of the said Valves or Cloughs open and running, after any Barge or other Vessel shall have passed any such Lock, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor left than Forty Shillings; and if any Person shall wilfully, malicicufly and to the Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, throw down, damage, destroy, deal, or take away any Part of the said Railway, Dock, or Bason, or other Works to be ereettd and made by virtue of this Act, or do any other wilful Hurt or Mischief to obstruct, hinder, or prevent the carrying on, completing, supporting, and maintaining the fame, every Person offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Courts may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny, or otherwise every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of One credible Witness before One or mere of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, or the Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit any Sum not left than Double the Value of the Damage proved on Oath to be done, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices, such Penalty, together with reasonable Cods, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender, or such Offender shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol for the County of Surrey, or [Loc. Per.] 6 P Place

518 4.10 GEORGIIX III. Cap. 33.

Place where such Offence shall happen, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices before whon such Offender shall be convicted: Provided, That nothing herein contained &ul)> extend to any Owner of Land, or his or her own Agent or Agents, till Satisfaction Hull have been tendered as hereby provided.

CoP3|Jvjra'

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall at their makVand° own proper Colls and Chargee, within Six Calendar Months n xc after ertft Gate', any Part of the said Railway shall be laid out and formed at their own rection^of the Costs and Charges, make, eiedl, and let up, and from Time to Tune Commission- maintain and support such and lo many convenient Gate.-, in and upon *,s- the said Railway, and also ali such Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains,

and Pass.igrs over, under, or by the Side of the said Railway, of such Dimenfi jus and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall at any of their Meetings from Time to Time, judge necessary and appoint, in case there shall be any Dispute about the Lmr, for the Use of the Own-rt and Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds through which such R.il-way shall be made, or for protecting the f.nd Lands and Grounds (torn Trespass, or the Cattle or other Property of the Owntis or Occupiers thereof from eftraying or rfcaping the reout, by rrafon of such Railway or any other Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act; and all such Gates, Arrhes, Culverts, D’tthes, Drains, and Passages so to be made as aforesaid, shall trom Tune to Tithe, and at a I Times thereafter, be lupporced, maintained, and kept in lutficicnc Re-, pair and Condition by the said Company; ami in case the said Company shall refuse or neglect to make, erect, or let up such Ga es. Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Passages as herctn-before directed, or to maintain and support the fame or any of them when c-redted, let up, and made in Manner as aforesaid, for the Space of ;x Calendar Months next after the Time to be appointed for those Purposes respectively by the said Commissioners, then and in every such Cale it shall be lawful for every or any of the Owners or Occupiers of the said Land* or Hereditaments,1 who shall find himfdf, herfclt, or themlrlves aggrieved by such Refusal or Neglect, to make, erect, and let up all such Gates, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Passages, as the said Commissioners shall have before; directed or appointed to be made, erected, and fee up as aforesaid, and to maintain, repair, and support the fame from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, so that in making and maintaining such Gates, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Passages as aforesaid the said Railway, Dock, or Bason, Wharfs, Buildings, and other Things hereby authorized to be made or erected by the said Company, shall not be obstructed or injured for any longer Space ot Time, or in any other Manner than shall be necessary for the doing thereof; and all the reafofiaible Costs and Charges thereof (to be settled and allowed by the said Convnissioners) shall be repaid to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands or Hereditaments, who shall have so erected and nude, repaired or maintained such Gates, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Passages as aforesaid by the said Company, within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the same shall have been so settled and allowed, and an Account and Demand in Writing shall have been delivered and made thereof to and from the said Company, by Delivery of such Acc tint or Demand to the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Company for the Time being; and in Defaulc of Payment of the said Costs and

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33. 519

and Charges within the Time aforesaid the said Commissioners dull and th; y are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands? and Seals to levy the said Costs and Charges by Distress and Sale of any of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, for the Use of such Person or Persons who shall have so incurred such Costs and Charges rendering to the said Company the Overplus (if any) after cfedufting the reasonable Charges of making such Uiftrels and S.de, to be settled oy the said Commissioners; and every or any of the said Owners or Occupiers, Upon Refusal or Neglect of the said Company to pay the said Celts and C hurges as aforesaid, shall and may also have such and the like Remedy against them or any of them for the Recovery thereof, by Action at Law, to be commenced and prosecuted in such Manner as in other Cases is by this Act directed.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the O.n nof Owners or Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditaments through which l' "(cs, C|"IO the said Railway shall be made, do or shall at any Time or Tunes litre- citcrGates, after apprehend that any of the Gates, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, 0:1 lli:ur‘ and Passages respectively, which the said Commissioners shall have so di- , rested or appointed to be ma le by the said Company, are inluff.ctent ei- by 'h= cotn-thtr in their Number or Situation for the commodious Ule and Occup.i- *MU>' tion of the respective Lands or Hereditaments through which the said Railway shall pals, then and so often, or in any such Case it shall be lawful for any such Owners or Occupiers, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Company, upon Request made to the,m or their Clerk or Treasurerfor the Time being, or in case of their Refusal for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Request, then with the Consent and Approbation of the said Comm (lionets, to make, fix, and erect, at their own Costs and Charges, any such other Gates, Arches, Culverts, Ditches,

Drains, or Passages, of the lame or the like Construction cr Form with those made and erected by the said Company in, upon, cr near to the said Railway, in such Places as shall be found and adjudged most necessary and convenient for the better Use, Cultivation, Improvement, or Occupation of such Lands or other Hereditaments, and to repair and support the fame at their own like Costs and Charges, as Occasion shall require, so that the Passage through or along the said Railway be not prevented or obstructed thereby for any longer Space of Time or in any other Manner than the fame would necessarily have been if such Gates, Arches, Culverts,

Ditches, Drains* and Passages had been made or erected by the said Company.

LXXIV. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Owners and O vner< and Occupiers of the respective Lands or Grounds through which the f.iid to

Railway shall be made, and his and their Servants and Workmen, Cat- Railway, tie and Carriages, at all Times to pass and repass upon, over, and across such Part of the said Railway as shall be made in and upon their laid Lands or Grounds respectively, not damaging or obstructing the fame or the Passage thereof.

LXXV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That For fencingoff the said Company shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, at R'"lway‘ their own proper Charges, after any Land shall be taken for the Use of the said Railway, to divide and separate, and keep constantly divided and

separated

5*o

Gates to he Ann and fattened after Waggona Hull have passed through them, on Penalty.

Lords of Manors, 6ft, may erect Wharfs on their own Lands:

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

separated the fame from the Lands or Grounds adjoining to such Railway, with good and sufficient Pods, Rails, Hedges, Ditches, Mounds, or other Fences, and at their own Costs and Charges from Time to Time maintain and support the said Pods, Rails, Hedge', Ditches, Mounds, and other Fences so ro be made as aforesaid, in case the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds adjoining to such Railway, or any of them respectively, shall at any Time desire the same to be fenced off, or in case the said C >mpany shall think pioper to fence off the fame, indead of Gates being erected as aforesaid; and the said Company shall also make and maintain all necessary Gates and Stiles in all Inch Fences to be made as aforesaid, all such Gates being made to open towards such Lands and Grounds; and then and in every such Case the Powers, Provisions, Di-redtions, and Regulations herein-before contained, with respect to Gates and other Works as aforesaid, shall extend and apply, and be applicable to ifiie making and maintaining of such Fences, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Provisions, Directions, and Regulations, were now repeated and re-enacted with respect to such Fences.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons opening any Gate let up across the said Railway, shall and he and they is and are hereby required and directed, so soon as he or they and the Waggon or other Carriage shall have passed through the fame, to shut and fallen the fame, and every Person neglecting so to do shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, to be levied and recovered as herein-after mentioned; and the Money arising by such Forfeiture or Forfeitures, shall be applied in the Manner following; (that is to say), One Half thereof shall be paid to the Informer and the other Half to the Poor of the Township or Parish where such Offence shall be committed; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors, and the Owner or Owners of any Lands or Grounds near to, through, or by which the said Railway shall be made, to erect and use any Wharfs, Landing Places, Cranes, Weighbeams, or Warehouses, in or upon his, her, or their respective own proper Lands, Grounds, or Wastes adjoining or neaT to the said Railway, with necessary Ways and Roads to the fame, and may land any Goods or other Things upon such Wharfs or Landing Places, and may make and use proper and convenient Places for Waggons or other Carriages to turn in and pass each other, so that the making or using thereof respectively do not obstruct or prejudice the using of the said Railway -, and that all Rates or Tolls which shall be paid for the Use and Benefit of such Wharfs, Landing Places, Cr.tnes, Weighbeams, and Warehouses respectively, shall be subject to the Power herein contained for the said Commissioners to limit, atcertain, and make Regulations of and concerning such Rates cf Wharfage, and the same are hereby accordingly veiled in such Lord or Loi&iBof such Manor or Manors, or the Owner or Owners of such Lands, 'Grounds, or Wastes, who shall make and erect the same as aforesaid, and his, her, and their Representatives, to that the Rites and Powers herein granted ro the said Company of Proprietors shall not be thereby reduced, altered, or infringed.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33. 521

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, Tha: if any Rich Lord or Butifthrjrre-Lords, Owner <<r Owners, shall nor, wirh;n the Space of Twelve Calen- f/'r "by she dar Months next after Notice given in Writing to him, her, or them, or c m.un , the left at his, her, or tlreir usual Place or Places of Abode, by or on the '^pany nay Behalf of the said Company, that any Part of futh Lands, Grounds, or Wastes is necessary or proper to be used for the Purpose of making and erefling Wharfs, Landing Places, Warehouses, and Buildings, for the Use of the said Undertaking, or for making or la> ing out necessary and convenient Roads for the Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Railway, make, errft, and lay out, and from Time to Time maintain and keep in good and substantial Repair, such proper and sufficient Wharfs, Landing Places, Warehouses, Buildings, and Roads, for the Use of the said Railway, as the said Commissioners shall think necefLry on the respective Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds described in such Notice, then and in such Case the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power and Authority without any Hindianccor Restraint whatsoever, to make Use of any such Lands, Grounds, or Wades (not being the Ground whereon any House or other Building Rands, or any Garden,

Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or an Avenue to any House) for creating and boilding proper and sufficient Wharfs, Landing Places, Warehouses, and Buildings, and making and laying out necessary and convenient Roads to and from the said Railway, agreeably to such Notice to be delivered as aforesaid, they tire said Company of Proprietors first making Satisfaction for the fame in such Manner as is herein-befoTe directed with resperfb to other Lands or Grounds which shall be taken or used by the said Company for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXIX. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, NoWharfi, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to take <er tobe or use, for the Purpose cf erecting or building any Inch Wharfs, Lands,"

Landing Places, Warehouses, and Buildings as last aforesaid, any of the without the Lands or Grounds belonging to Pierce Patrick IValjh Porter Esquire, in the ^he

Parish of Wandsworth; or a certain Field or Close belonging to his Grace the Archbishop of York, and now in Lease to Christopher Ulrich; nor the Common Field lying on the South Side of the said Field or Close, and both on the East Side of Garratt Lane in the said Parish of Wandsworth j nor any of the Lands or Grounds belonging to James Moore Esquire, in the said Parish of Mitcham -, nor any of the Lands or Grounds belonging to William Plumer Esquire, in the said Parish of Mitcham, without the Consent of the several and respetflive Owrers and Proprietors of, and Persons imereited in the said Lands, Grounds, and Premdes respectively.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, Further Al-Merchandize, or Things whatsoever, which shall be carried and convey- L*tjln"t0fo'e ed on the said Railway, shall lie or remain upon any Wharfs, Landing Go3sa're-°? Places, Cranes, Weigh-beams, or Warehouses belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, or te any Person or Persons adjoining or near to certain" the said Railway, for above the Space of Twenty-four Hours, then and Time, in such Case the said Company of Proprietors, or such other Pei fun or Persons, shall be entitled to receive such reasonable Rates or Allowance,

££.«. y Per.] 6 Q over

522

For making Recom pence for Damages not herein-before particularly provided for.

For referring Disput«r$ to Arbitration.

To compel Payment of bub/ciip:ions.

Authorizing the Company to make t ol-Jateral Railways, first having the

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

over and above the Rates herein-before authorized to be taken, as shall be agreed upon between the Rid Company of Proprietors, or their Agent or Agents, or such other Person or Persons, and the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Things; and in case of any Dispute concerning the same, it shall be ascertained and adjusted by the said Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Regulations from Time to Time as they may think fit for limiting and ascertaining the Rates of Wharfage to be taken by the said Company of Proprietors, and all and every such other Person or Persons being the Owners of any such Wharfs or Quays as aforesaid.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time or Times hereafter any Perfor. or Persons shall sustain any Damage in his, her, or their Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Property, by reason of the Execution of any of the Powers hereby given, and for which no Remedy is herein-before provided, then and in every such Case the Recompence or Satisfaction for such Damage shall from Time to Time be settled and ascertained in such Manner as herein-before directed in respect to any other Recompence or Satisfaction herein-before mentioned.

LXXXII. And be it further erafled, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to refer to Arbitration, any Question, Dispute, ot Matter in Difference between them and any Person or Persons whomsoever, in such Manner as shall be agreed upon between them; and th.it such Reference on the Part of the said Company shall and may be made by the Bond, Agreement, or Submission of the said Company, under, their Common Seal, 10 be affixed in pursuante of an Q:der of a General or Special Assembly, or of the Committee for the Time be n j, for that Purposej and that such Bond, Agreement, or SubmilTion, and the Award or Umpirage to be made in pursuance thereof, shall be binding upon the said Company, to all Intents and Purposes.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have subscribed, or who shall subscribe to advance any Money for or towards making and maintaining the said Railway, Dock or Docks, or thr Works hereby authorized to be made, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribei1* or such Parts or Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by thefiid Committee, under and by virtue of the Powers and Directions f this Act, at such Times and Places as shall be directed by the said Company or the said C imtnittee, in Manner before mentioned and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay the same at the Time and in the Map.ner required for that Purpose, ic'shall and may be lawful for the said Company to lue for and tecover the fame in any Court of Law or Equity.

IXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to make any Railway or Rai ways from the said Army Iron Railway hereby authorized to be made, or any Part thereof, to any Place or Places within the Ddtance of One thousand five hundred

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Yards from any Part or Parts of the said Surrey Ton Railway; and such Railway or Railways when made, shall be deemed and taken as Parc or Parts of the said Surrey lion Railway, fur or in icl'pest of the Payment of Rates thereon, and for every other Ule and Purpose of this Act: Provided always, That no such Railway shall be made, unlel's the Owner or Owners of, and Person or Persons interested in the Lands or Grounds through which the fame is intended to pars, or the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of such Owners or Persons imertfted as aforesaid, under Coverture, Minors, I.unaticks, Persons beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability, or incapable of acting for thunselves, shall consent thereto; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, being Owners of, cr irttcrdled in any such Lands or Grounds, and for any such Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies as aforesaid, to give such Coni’enr, and to agree with the said Company of Proprietors fopthe Linds or Grounds to be made use of for those P*irpoles, and the Damage occasioned thereby, and also to convey such Land or Ground to the said Company accordingly; and that in all Cases where any such Railway is tube made over any Common or Waste Land, the Consent of the Lord of the Manor only shall be deemed good and sufficient; and every such Consent and Agreement, being reduced into Writing, and signed and lealed by the respective Parties giving or making the same, and also every such Conveyance, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Persons whomsoever, and the same shall be made in the same Manner as is h rein-before directed concerning other Conveyances herein- before mentioned.

LXXXV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize or enable the said Company of Proprietors to carry a Collater.il Branch extending from the said Railway to the Manufactory of Richard Howard near Phipps Bridge, further than the said Manufactory.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or derogate from the Rights, Interests, Privileges, Franchises or Authorities of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City o(London, or their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter, or diminish any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction, which at the Time of making this Aift tfje said Mayor, and Commonalty and Citizens, or tire said Lord Mayor for the Time being, as Conserva for of the River Thames, did or might lawfully claim, use, or exercisr; nor to authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors, their Workmen or Servants, or any of them, to embank, encroach upon, or interfere with any Part of the Soft or Bed of the River, of the Banks or Shores thereof (except so far as is herein after mentioned) without the Licence and Consent of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, first had and obtained in Writing for that Purposej any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall pay to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens o. the

City

523

Consent of the Owner* of Landsthrough which the Time are to be made.

Restrictions.

Saving the Rights of the City of Lon Jon as Conserva* tors of the Thamti-

Directing what shall be paid to the City of London

524 4.1° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

for cu-t ing City of Lcnditt, th Sum of One Pound and One Shilling, as a Fine or

into Hie . ill o*

'Thaxuu Acknjwledgcmc t for the Lib rtv of opening a Communication between th- laid D ck or Ba on and Wan sworth Creek leading into the River Thames and (had also pay to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Cit.zen.sot the said City, their Surceff > s, Collectors, or Assigns, for ever, an Annual Rent or Sum ud Ten Puunds, as a Compensation fur th Diminution of the Tolls or Duties created and made payable by an Act passed in the S venternch Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling the Mayor, Aide met, and Commons of the City of London to put chafe ibe present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames Westward of London Biklge, within th Liberties of ibr City of London, and for laying a small Toll in lieu thereof, for tie Purpose of titsre effectually completing the jatd Navigation, and for other Pu'poses, to and for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Thames, and the odier Purposes mentioned in (lie said recited Adtj the said Annual Sum to be payable by Half Yearly Payments, at Lady Day and Michaelmas, and the First Half Yearly Payment to be made on the Full of those Days which shall happen next after the opening a Communication between the said Dock, Baton, or Railway, and Wandsworth Creek aforesaid; and which said Annual Sum is hereby charged upon and made payable out of the Rates and Tolis o! the said Undertaking, and may be recovered in the same Manner and with the fame Powers as are herein-before prescribed and given for the Recovery of the ocher Annual Rents made payable by virtue of this Act,

company ra-

LXXXVIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That in considera-ftioUietCCU' t,on of said Fine and Annual Sum, it shall be lawful for the said Com-Thammt or pany of Proprietors to cur, make, and maintain a Communication from wrtTcrefi l^e Dock or Bason into Wandsworth Creek aforesaid, and there to make andconftrud such Locks as shall be necessary, not exceeding Thirty-two Feet in Width, and for this Purpose to construd Coffer Dams or Batterdeauxs on the Beach of the said Creek, to keep out the Water while the said Locks and other Works are constructing, and at any Time or Times afterwards when the same shall want repairing, and when necessary to scour out and deepen the said Beach, so as to maintain an Entrance sufficiently deep to enable Boats, Barges, and other Vessels to navigate to and from the said Dock or Bason into and ouc of Wandsworth Creek and the River Thames aforesaid, at all Times.

Forfeitures*

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures for Offences against this Act, or any Rule, Bye Law, or Order, to be made by the said Company or Committee as aforesaid, shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties or by the Oath of any credible Witness, be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant), and the Overplus, after any such Penalties or Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recovered and deduded, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels $ and in case

sufficient

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33. 525

sufficient DillreL cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not he, forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant Under his Hand and Seal, to catife such Offender o> Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Curredion for the County or Place wherein the Offencp shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such lime as such Justice shall dirrd, not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures, and alt reasonable Charges attending the Recovery theriof, shall be sooner paid and latiihcd; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not herein-before particularly directed, (bail go and belong to the said Company, and be applied for the Purposes ol this Act.

XC. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Persons ig-made for any Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Diltrcfs hit It shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the P.rty or Paries making the Dittrets, to re. labne be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on Account of any Deftd or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Diltrels, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Tfelpasser or Trclp.iffas, ab initio, on Account of any Inegulariry winch shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; boti the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover, full Satisfaction for the Special Damages in an Acton upon the Cal’e.

XCI. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders gainll this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Juil.ce or J-ufticts of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be con-vided of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following.Form of Words, or in any other Form ot Words: to the like Plffccr, as the Case shall happen; (vide-luel),

be it remembered. That on the

in the Year of our Lord

Day of Form of Conviction.

\ /i. B. is convicted before me C.D. One of His Ma-

h jesty’s Justices of the Peace for the Laid County [or. Place, as tie Cafe \ may lit. fomfying the Offence, and Time and Place when and where the fame was comm-(ted.'] Given, under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year aforesaid.".

"^rXCH. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had Proc«dings and taken in purhiance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for "?_I° fcnf want of Form, or be. removed by Certiorari-, or any other Writ or wart of Procds whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Form Westminster or else where. , any Law. or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

» * . i ,..i is y . t

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking Appe»>. himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgement made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye Law, or Order of the said v [Loo. U? Per.'] 6 R Company,

526 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Company, or by the Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, m tv, within Six Calendar Months after such Order or Determination shall have been made or given, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions to be held for the County or Place where such Cause of Appeal shall happen or arile, full giving Ten Days Notice at the leift in Writing of such Intention to appeal to the Parties interested in such Complaint; and the said Justices shall, in a furnmary Way, hear and determine the said Appeal at such Session, or, if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the nexr General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County or Place j and if they fee Cause may mitigate any Penalty or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned, which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye Lawk Order, or Determination, and may also order any such further Satis-fast;on to be made to the Party injured, as they shall judge reasonable, and may also order such Costs to be paid to the Party aggrieved by the Party aggrefiing, as they in their Judgement shall think just and reasonable.

Limitation of NCIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action, Suit, or Infnrma.

Act, ons. rion shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities, or any of the Orders made, given, or dirtfted, in, by, or under this Act, unless One Calendar Month’s previous Notice in Writing shall be given by the Person or Persons intending 'o commence and prosecute such Action, Suit, or Information to the said Company, or to their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time bring, nor un'efs such Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought or commenced within Three Calcndm Months next after the Fast committed, or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damage, then within Three Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall cease, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County where the Matrer in Dispute or Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Suit, or Information, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act -, and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if such Action, Suit, or Information shall have been b ought or commenced before or after the respective Times lo limited for bringing or commencing the fame, or (had be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Cale the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become N n-luir, or suffer a Discominuanc® of his, her, or their Action, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if on a Demurrer or otherwise Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, ad shall have inch Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in any other Cafe by Law.

4*° GEORGII Cap. 33. 527

XCV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Publict Act. taken to be a publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Peifms, are hereby requited to take Notice ot it as such, without specially plead* ing the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. iSot.

t(U

xn

If

t V

, I lit.-: oao»i*

' ": Vi, !: : A f> i ,yt:X

. a 5. as 'L ' ' ' cb i c -;<J n > .,4

M f ll ip

Bill Jl.J jj'.

, t3 Ire ‘V/- r- ' I I'I :7I O (IT'O J

i:' i y *’ !! 'll s i ol ;i

GEORGII III. REGIS.

* *4*<M*

Cap. 34.

An Act for more effectually draining and improving certain Fen Lands within the Manors and Parishes of Upwell and Outwelly and in the Parishes of Denver and JVelney, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

[21st May 1801.]

[Preamble.]

WHEPEAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Maj ft-. King George the Sec nd, intituled, u G«. II, re-An Act for drainin'* and improving certain Fen Lands evith- cited* in the Manor and Parishes f Upwell and Outwell, and in the Parishes of Denvrr end Wrlne , in the Ijie cf Eiv and C.unties of Cam ridge and Norfolk; whereby certain Commissioners were nominared and appointed, for putting the said Act in Execution; and the O.vners and O cupivs of the Fen Lands therein comprih d, and all the Commoners having Right ot Common on the commonable Parts the cof, were made chargeable with certain annual Rate' or Taxes, ror carrying on, ptr’ecling, and maintaining the Banks, Dr air*, Dams, C'u lets.

Engines, ano other Works the eby authoriz. d to be made; anu Power was given to the Commissioners to alhgn the said yerrly R . es and 1 axes, as a Sr urity for the Re-payment of any Sum or Sums of Money which [Ity. y Per.] 6S they

S30

*3 cv®. nr.

Former Acts repealed, and thi* tc> take Place instead thereof.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

they might borrow, with Interest for the fame: And whereas another Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to amend and render more effectual the above mentioned Act, so far as the fame related to that Part of the said Fen Lands which lie on the South Side of Popham's Eatr, whereby the said Commissioners were authorised and empowered to impose certain addition- Rjtes and Taxes on the said last mentioned Lands: And whereas the Commissioners appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have, from Time to Time proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Security of the said several Rates and Taxes, which still remain due and owing upon the Credit thereof; and have also incurred several Debts in executing the several Works of Drainage directed by the said Acts to be made} but the same are still incomplete: And whereas the said Fen Lands, containing in the Wholenear Eleven thousand Acres, might be further greatly improved by additional Works of Drainage; but the Rates and Taxes granted by the said recited Acts, are not sufficient for the Payment of the Interest of the Monies already borrowed, and for maintaining and keeping in Repair the present Works of Drainage: And whereas the several Powers given by the said Acts are found defective and insufficient for the effectual Drainage of the said Fen Lands, and it is therefore expedient that the said Acts should be repealed, and further and other Powers granted instead thereof; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad* vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Acts shall be, and the lame are hereby repealed, and inrtcad thereof this Act shall take Place and be put in Execution, for more effectually draining and improving the said Fen Lands, lying and being in the Parish of Denver, and the Manors and Parishes of Upwell and Outwell, and the Parish of We'ney, within the Isle of Ely, County of Cambridge, and County of Norfolk} and bounded as followeth, (that is to say): From the Outring Ditch of the Land formerly of Joseph Gordon Gentleman, now of John Horkin, next to the Bank of the Land of Edmund Saffery Gentleman, and along Well Creek by North Delph Corner to Churchfield Bank in Outwell aforesaid; and along Churchfield Bank to a Place called Small Load, where it joins to a Bank called Plawfield Bank, and along Plow field Bank to a Place called Upwell Sluice, (landing upon Popham's Eau; and from thence along by Popham’s Eau to a Place called The Sixteen Foot Bankand from thence along by the said Bank to a Place ailed ’The Old Chair Drain; and from thence to a Place called Darcey Load-, and from thence along by the said Load to Welney Old River-, and from thence along by the said River to a Place called The'Twenty Foot Drain at Welney \ and from thence along by the said Drain to the Outring Ditch of the Land formerly of the said Joseph Gordon, now of the said John Hopkin, next to the said Twenty Foot Dram, and along the said Outring Ditch to Well Creek: But this Act, and the several Rates and Faxes hereby granted and made payable, shall lie- erthelrfs be, and are hereby declared to be, and are hereby made subject ana liable to the Payment of all the Monies which have been borrowed, and are now due and owing on the Credit, or on Account of the said former Acts, or either of them.

41° GEORGII lit. Cap. 34.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the respective Manors of Upwell and Outwell, and their respective Stewards or Agents, and the Rectors of Upwell and Outwell respectively for the Time being, ‘Thomas Glover Ewen, James Hovell, Thomas Theodorick, Esquires, George Leonard Jenyns, Thomas Crowe Mannings, Nathaniel Colville, H nry Saffery, Clerks, James Lee, William Wells, John Clarke, William Witton, Robert Woodward, William llopkin, James Climenfon, Hugh Wool!, Gabriel Scott, John Sanders, William Lee, Thomas Tcmblejon, Thomas Wright, Thomas Holman, Robert Smart, John Hopkin, Isaac Clarke, Joseph Climenfon, William Large, Thomas Tuck, Isaac Trueman, Charles Ban-vister, Edward Aveltng, Morley Bears, and William Wiles, Gentlemen, shall be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, to appoint any other her foil or PerTns, \Vho shall be qualified as herein-after mentioned, to be a Commissioner or Commissioners to att in the Execution of this Act (subject nevertheless to the ITovision Inrein-ascer contained); and such Person or Persons shall have the fame Powers and Authorities, in all Respects whatsoever, as he or they would have had, or been entitled to, if he or they had been herein exprtssly named and appointed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation, or Refusal to act of any of the Commissioners herein-before named, or to be appointed as herein-before, or herein-after directed; or in case any of them shall cease to be qualified as herein-after mentioned (other than and except the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors of Upwell and Outwell, and their respective Stewards or Agents for the Time being, and the Rectors of Upwell and Outwell respectively for the Time being) it shall be lawful for the i'urviving or continuing Commissioners, assembled at any Meeting to be held as herein-alter mentioned, from Time to Time to appoint One other Person to be a Commissioner in the Place of each and every Commissioner so dying, resigning, or refusing to act, or becoming difquahfied; but funject nevertheless to the Provision next herein-after contained: And every new Commissioner to be from Time to Time appointed as aforesaid, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, in all Respects whatsoever as the Commissioner in whose Room or Stead lie shall be appointed, was inverted with by virtue of this Act.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the Number of Commissioners shall not exceed at any one Time Forty in the Whole (exclusive of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said respective Manors of Upwell and Outwell, and their respective Stewards or Agents for the Time being, and the Rectors of Upwell and Outwell for the Time being respectively), and that Three Fourths of the Commissioners appointed, and to be appointed and elected as aforesaid, shall be at all Times respectively Owners and Proprietors of at lead Fifteen Acres, Part of the said Fen Lands lying on the South Side of Popham’s Ean, and the remaining One Fourth of such Commissioners shall be respectively Owners and Proprietors of at lead Eleven Acres, other Part of the said Fen Lands lying on the North Side of Popham's Eau aforesaid: And that every new

Commissioner

531

Appointment

of Cornmif* fioneis.

Power to appoint Additional Commissioners.

Election of new Commissioners.

The Number of Commissioners nevei to exceed Forty at any one Time.

And their Qualifications

appointed*

532 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

Commissioner so to be appoints1 a1? aforesaid, shall be chosen out of the Owners er Proprietors of that District for which the Person in whose Koom he shall be io appointed, wa, or had been a Commissioner.

Pemltv on

VI. And be it firther enacted, That if any Person not being so qualified no Tw'n^"'8 as Woresaid, shall act a' a Commissioner in the Execution if this Act, he quanrigjf shall for every such Often e forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds to be recovered with full C dls of Sur, by any Pei ion or Ferson" who shall file lor the ante in any ot His Majesty’s Courts of Rrro'd at Westminster, or in the Court of Fleas o be held within the said Isle of Ely, by Bill, Plainr, Sent, or Information, wherein no Efioign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of L..w, nor more than one Imparlance lh.Jl be allowed: And in lu h Action or Suit it shall be only nc-celPry for the Plaintiff or Informer to prove that the Eecdai.t c ed as such Commissioner in th. Execution of this Act; and a Verdict shall be founu against the Defendant, unless lie fiali prove in hi Defer ce, that he w is ai the Time of his io acting, properly qualified to act, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Meetings of

VII. And be it further enactrd. That the said Commissioners shall hold sioners'nmi(" their first Meeting at the Five Bells Inn, in XJpwell aforesaid, n u.e Third Wednesday after ihe passing of this Act, at Ercvr-n of the Clock in the Forenoon; and shall afterwards on the last Wednesday in Stptcmocr, anJ on 'he second IVed’.efday in May. in every Year, ho..I a general Meeting at some Pl b it k House in Upvidl or Ontwsll aforesaid: And any Five or more of the said Comm fliuners, altho;.fcli not assembled at a Micting, may from Time to Time appoint any Special Meeting, io be hulderi by Notice under their Hands, to be inferred Two Weeks in the Cam ridge Chronicle and Journal, or in Come other Newspaper published ora ma. J in the Ne ghbourhorxl, and to be affixed upon the principal outer Doors of the respective Churches or Chapels of the said several Parishe of Upweil, Outsell, Denver, and (Velney, at iealt E'ourtcen Days betorc such Meeting: And that Five or more of the Commissioners shall conlliti.te a Mee ing; and that the Orders and Determinations of the Majority of the Commissioners present at any Meeting, shall be considertd as the Acts of all the said Commissioners; and the Commissioners prefenc at any Meeting may adjourn the same as they may think proper; and that in case Five or more Commissioners shall not be present at the Time and Place appointed lor holding any Meeting, any one Commissioner present shall and may adjourn the same to another Day; and in calc of Neglect or Omission to adjourn any Meeting, any Five of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, shall and may cali a Meeting at the Place where the laic Meeting of the said Commissioners was appointed to be held, 01 was held by such Notice as ahirelaid; and that all Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to, or vested in the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed by virtue thereof, shall and may from Time to Tune be exercised by any hive of them, unless where herein otherwise particularly provided: And the Cum-m.lfioners present at every Meeting shall and may chule a President or Chairman, wh', in case of an Equality of Votes on any Question, shall have another and a calling Vote.

ReSriftionsas

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That r.o Order or torn-oking Proceeding made or had by the said Commissioners, shall be revoked .>r

Orders.

altered.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 34. 533

altered, unless at some Meeting to be held as aforesaid, and unless a Notice, signed by Five or more Commissioners, (taring their Intention to move at the then next Meeting, that I’uch Order or Proceeding may be revoked or altered, shall be inserted at lead Two Weeks in the Cambridge Chronic'e and Journal, or feme other Newspaper circulated in the IV-igh-bourhood, and affixed upon the outer Doors of the respective Churches or Chapels aforesaid, at least Fourteen Days before such Meeting; and also unless a greater Number of Commissioners shall attend such Meeting than were present when such Order or Proceeding was made or had.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no greater or larger Sum of Mo- Exi*nce«o ney than Fifty Shillings in the whole, shall be paid or allowed out of the Meetings. Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, fur the Expences of the said Commissioners, at any Meeting to be held as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Did Com- officers missioners, from Time to Time to appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, Receiver or Receivers, and Collector or Collectors of the Rates and Taxes, and such other Officers as the said Commissioners shall think necessary; and from Time to Time remove all or any of such Officers as they shall think fit, and appoint others in the Room of such as shall be so removed, or as shall die, or resign their Office, or be incapable of performing it: And shall take such Security for the due Execution of such respective Offices as they the said Commissioners shall think proper; and may, by and out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Acr, allow and pay to such Clerks, Treasurers,

Surveyors, Receivers, and Collectors, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be aiding or assisting to them in their respective Offices, or that shall anywise be employed in the Execution of this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances, for their respective Attendance, Care, and Service, as to the said Commissioners shall seem reasonable: And thac such Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, and other Officers, shall fairly enter in Books, to be by them respectively kept for that Purpose, an Account of all Monies by them respectively received and expended; specifying the Times when, and the Persons from whom and to whom, and for whac Purposes such Monies were respectively received and paid; which Books, or true Copies thereof respectively signed by the said Treasurers,

Collectors, or other Officers, together wirh the Vouchers for the Expenditure, shall be yearly, and every Year, produced and delivered to the said Commissioners, at their Meeting to be held on the Second Wednesday in May in every Year, and at such other Times as they shall appoint: And the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to allow, pass, and sign such Accounts, or such Fart or Farts thereof as to them shall seem correct and proper; and such Treasurers, Collectors, or other Officers, shall verify such Accounts upon Oath (which Oath any of the Commissioners aie hereby empowered to administer), and the fame, when (o allowed, shall be fairly entered in Two Books to be kept for that Purpose, one whereof shall be kept by the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, and the other deposited in the Parish Church of Upwell; and the same shall and may, at all seasonable Times, be inspected and perused by any Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Froprietors, of any of the said Fen Lands, without Fee or Reward: And all such Officers and Persons shall, and they are hereby required, to pay all such Monies, as upon the Balance of such Account or

{_Loc. if Per.] 6 T Accounts

534

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

Accounts shall appear to be in their Hands, to such Person or Persons at the said Commissioners shall appoint to receive the same; and if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse, or neglect, to render and give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof on Oarh, or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands, when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid; or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by the said Commissioners, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their respective Custody or Power, any wife relating to the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Gffener, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds; and if Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Refusal, to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, J-’erson or Persons, so neglecting or refusing, shall live and reside, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, by a Wa rant or Warrants, to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to be brought before him; and upon his or their appearing, or not appear ng, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in such Manner as the said Commissioners might have done: And if upon the Confrssion of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice, that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause furh Money, and also such Penalties as aforesaid, to be levied by Distrrfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and Penalty, and the Charges of dill raining and felling the fame; or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall not appear before the said Justice, at the Time and Place by him appointed for that Purpose (except for some sufficienr Excuse), or, if appearing, shall refuse or neglect to give or deliver to such Justice, an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truth of such Accounts, and of the Articles thereof, on Oath as aforer said; or to produce and deliver up to the Did Justice, the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, arid Writings in their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in either of the Cates aforesaid, the said Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol, or Bridewell of the County, Division, Liberty, or Place where he, or they shall live or re-iide, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have delivered in and settled his or their Accounts, and have verified the fame on Oath, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid all the Money which shall appear to be in his or their respective Hands; and such Penalty as aforesaid, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale as shall in that Hespect have been

535

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

been made; or until he, or they shall have compounded with the said Commissioners for the fame, and paid the Composition Money to the Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the lame (and which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make); or until he or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts,

Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in Kefpedt thereof to the said Commissioners: Provided always, That no Person who shall be committed for Want of sufficient Distress only, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Time than Three Calendar Months.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who Persons em-

shall have been employed, or who shall have received any Money by vir- Ad»r tue or on Account of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or shall to account have in their Custody or Possession any Books, Accounts, Papers, Writ- "jiion'r?.'1 ings, or other Things relating thereto, shall account for the lame, and every Part thereof, to the said Commissioners, in like Manner, and under the like Penalties as the several Collectors and others receiving any Money by virtue of this Act are herein-before directed to account.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Powsrtomake Commissioners to make, or caul’e to be made, raised, cut, built, and Wotks'

set up in, upon, through, or over the said Fen Lands, all such New Cuts, Drains, Banks, Bridges, Dams, Headings, Outlets, Mills, Engines, Sluices, and other Works as they shall think necessary for the better draining and prd'erving the fame; and that the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority over all and Angular the Works so to be made; and also over all and Angular the Banks, Bridges, Cuts,

Drains, Dams, Headings, Outlets, Mills, Engines, Sluices, and other Works already made or set up, or maintained and kept in Repair on (he said Fen Lands, under the Authority of the said recited Acts; and also from Time to Time to widen, deepen, alter, repair, rebuild, enlarge, and maintain or discontir.ue the fame rel’pedti vely, as they may think proper, for better draining and preserving the said Fen Lands; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, their Servants, Workmen, and Agents, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to enter upon, and divide off, take and life such Lands and Hereditaments as they shall judge necessary to be cut, dug, taken, or used for making and maintaining any of the Banks,

Bridges, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Headings, Outlets, or other Works, to be made, maintained, or used under and by virtue of this Act, they doing as little Damage as may be, and making such Satisfaction for the lame as is herein-after mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Purchase of have full Power and Authority to agree with the Owners and Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, any Lands or Hereditaments which the said for Damages. Commissioners shall judge necessary to be cut, dug, taken, or used, for making any of the said Banks, Bridges, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Headings,

Outlets, or other Works, under and by virtue of this Act, for the Purchase of such Lands and Hereditaments, or for the Recompence to be made to such Owners and Proprietors, and Persons interested, for the Damages they may sustain; and also to settle and ascertain in what Proportion the Sum or Sums io agreed for shall be paid to the several Persons t3 interested

536

Bodies Politick, empowered to coittnfor Sale or Compen fat ion.

On Refusal or Neglect of any Person to neat, the V*. lue of Land, or Amount of Damages to be ascertained at the beflions.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

interested in the Premises; and that it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees in Trull, Committees, F.xerutors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for ami on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also on Behalf of their Celluique Trulls, whether Inlants or llfue unborn, Lunaticks, Ideots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons who are or shall be seised or interested in their own Rights, and to and for all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be lcifed, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, and they ate hereby authorized and empowered to contract for, fell, and convey unto the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purposes aforesaid; or to agree with the said Commissioners for any Recompence or Compenl'ation to be made for the Damages which may be done to any such Lands or Hereditaments by the Execution of any of the Powers of this All; and all such Contracts, Sales, Conveyances, and Agreements, shall be valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: And all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, are hereby indemnified for what they, or any of them, shall lawfully do in pursuance of this Act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons incerelted or concerned as aforesaid, shall for the Space of Forty Days after Notice in Writing given to the Principal Officer or Officers of such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or any of them, or less at his, her or their, or any of their respective lad or usual Place or Places of Abode, or at the House, or last or usual Place or Places of Abode of the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall noc agree with the said Commissioners, or by Reason of Absence, or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating, then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners may, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required. Fourteen Days at lead before any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the said Isle of Ely, if the Lands or Hereditaments which shall have been used, or to which any Damage shall have been done as aforesaid, shall lie and be situate within the said Isle of Ely, or for the County of Norfolk, if such Lands or Hereditaments shall lie and be situate within that County, and within Twelve Calendar Months after the said Lands or Hereditaments shall have been used, or the said Damage done, to give, or cause to be given to the Party or Parties whose Lands or Grounds shall have been so used or damaged, or to leave, or cause to be left at the lall or usual Place or Places of Abode of such Party or Parties, or any of them respectively, or at the last or usual Place or Places of Abode of the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of the said Premises, a Notice in Writing, purporting, that the Value of such Lands or Hereditaments, or the Amount of the Damage or Injury ful-tained, will be adjtifted and settled by a Jury at the said Sessions respectively j and the Justices, at their Lid Sessions, or an Adjournment thereof, shall and ate hereby authorized and required to charge the Jury which shall

attend

537

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

attend at such Sessions, or some other Jury of Twelve honed and substantial Men to be then and there impannelled and returned by the Chief Bailiff of the Isle of Ely, or the Sheriff of the said County of Norfolk, as ih*e Case may be, and caui'e them to be sworn well and truly on their Oaths, to assess the Value of the Land or Ground, and the Recompence to be given for the fame, or for any Damage or Injury sustained as aforesaid, to the respective Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Intered therein; or to the Owner or Owners thereof, according to their respective Intereds; to which said Juries the said Commissioners, and all Parties iniereded in the said Lands, shall have their lawful Challenges when they come to belwoin; and the Clerks of the Peace for the said I fie of Ely, and County of Norfolk, are hereby respectively authorised and required, upon Application made to them by any of the Parties intereded, by Subpoena or Summons, under their Hands respect ^'"n^omd tively, to call before the Justices at such Sessions, or the Adjournment ’ '

thereof, any Person or Persons who shall be thought proper to be examined touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oath, and also the Oaths to be taken by the Persons who shall appear, or be summoned to be examined and give Evidence as aforesaid, the said Justices at their said Sessions are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall ascertain and award the Recompence to be given for jury loafctr-the said Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Damage or Injury which shall have been done as aforesaid, to the respective Person or Persons,

Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or intereded therein; and the said Justices shall and may give Judgement according to the Verdict of the said Jury; which Verdict of the said Jury, and the Judgement thereupon declared and pronounced by the said Justices, shall finally bind and be conclusive to the said Commissioners, and all Persons and Parties intereded in the said Lands or Grounds, and shall be entered and kept among the Records of the Quarter Sessions for the said Isle of Ely, or County of Norfolk, as the Case may be; and the fame, or true Copies thereof, being signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely, or the said County of Norfolk respectively, shall be deemed and taken as good Evidence in all Courts of Law or Equity; and all Persons may have Recourse thereto, or take Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom, on paying the usual Fees in Cases of the like Nature.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where a Verdict Exp once* of shall be given for more Monies as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any

Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or Persons whomsoever, or for any Damage to be done to any Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or Persons than had been previously offered, by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, then all the Expences of taking such Inquest shall be settled by the said Justices, and be defrayed by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to arise by virtue of tins Act; but if any Verdict shall be given or made for the fame, or a less Sum than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners as aforesaid; or in case no Damage shall be given by the Verdict, where the Dispute is for Damages only, then and in every such Case the Colts and Expences of taking such Inquest shall be settled in like Manner by the said Justices, and be borne and paid by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of, or other Person or Persons interested in the Lands or Heredita-\Loc. & Per.] 6 U mints

53&

Application of Co in pen-fation where exceeding

which rtiall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the fame exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the said Commissioners j to the Intent that such Money shall be applied tinder the Directions, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would havt been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or Part thereof, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled, to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Ptirpolcs, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect: And in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, on the Requell of any Three or more of the said Commissioners, m Writing signed by them, and without any Order of the Court of Chancery! be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities: And in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, go and belong to the Person or Persons who would for the Time 15 bting

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

ments in Question-, which said Costs and Expences having been so settled, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, where the lame shall exceed such Colls and Expences, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Penoi.s; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies firail be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Fx-pences, in Cale the lame be not paid on Demand, after being fb afeer- tained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the fa«l Commissioners in and by such Ways and Means as are heretn-alter provided for Recovery of the Rates and faxes to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act: Provided always, That whenever any Person or Persons shall, by Reason of Absence, or otherwise, have been prevenred from tieating, One Half of such Colts, Charges, and Expences, shall be borne and defrayed by the said Commissioners, and the other Half by such other Person or Persons as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any I nnds or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or uftd by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid.

539

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

bring have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in calc such Purchase or Settle:.cut were made.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Mo- Application ney so agreed or awarded to be paid for jny Lands or 1 Iceditaments pur- vl}'- c 'Jie chafed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or In a parity " )' .< as aforesaid, (bail not exceed the Sum of Two Hundred Pound , nor j, L' a-kfs than Twenty Pounds; then and in all such Cases the farre shall be lei-th n

at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or uled, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee oc Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writ' g under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name a iq with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Two or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Money may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such where' " Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall Money

be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be ‘p0*"n '

paid to the Person or Persons who would for the Time bei.ng have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act; or in Case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said T xes to r Commissioners, at their first Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act, or at any Adjournment thereof; and from Time to Time, at their Meeting to be held on the Second Wednesday in May, in every succeeding Year, to alfefs, rate, tax, and charge, all and every the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of all and singular the said Leri Lands, lying on the South Side of Pcpbam's EuU aforesaid, with such annual Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall think pioper, not exceeding the Sum of Seven Shillings per Acre, by an equal a»d pro, poitionable yearly Acre Tax, and allb to assess, rate, tax, and charge, all and every the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the said Fen Lands lying on the North Side of Popham's Eati aforesaid, with such annual Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall tf :.k proper, not exceeding the Sum of Seven Shillings per Acre, by an equal and proportionable yearly Acre Tax, for the more effectually draining v.d preferring the said Fen Lands, and defraying all the Expences of obtaining and carrying this Act into Execution; all which laid Rates, Taxes,

546 4t8 GEORGII ili. Cap. 34,

and Charges, shall be paid to such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, at 1 such Place or Places, and in such Manner and Form, and under such Penalties for Non-payment thereof, noc exceeding in the Whole One Penny for each Shilling unpaid, as the said Commissioners shall at any of their Meetings to be holden under this Act, order and direct.

Tenants to XX. And, to the End that the said Rates and Taxes may be more awtJeduft easily and effectually collected and received, be it further enacted, That them from all and every the Tenants and Occupiers of the said Fen Lands which

their Kents, shall be assessed, rated, taxed, or charged by virtue of this Act, (hill,

and they are hereby authorized and rfcquired to pay all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so assessed, rated, taxrd, or charged on the Lands and Grounds in their respective Occupations; and to deduct and retain, out of his, her, or their Rent, all such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall so respectively pay as aforesaid; and the several and respective Landlords of such Lands and Grounds are h.reby required to allow such Deduction and Payment upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rents; and that every such Tenant or Occupier paying any such Rate nr Tax, shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money as the said Rate or Tax so paid by him, her, or them respectively shall amount unto, as fully and effectually as if the fame had been actually paid to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, except where there is or may be a Lease or Agreement to the contrary.

Certiin Ler-

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no I.eflee or fees not allow- Tenant of any of the said Fen Lands or Grounds, who shall hold the their Taxes. ^ame by v’rtue of, or under any Lease from any Bishop, or Collegiate Church or College, or any Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole or Aggregate, or by virtue of or under any other Lease or Agreement, of which laid other Lease or Agreement, ac the Time of parting this Act there shall be more than Three Years to come and unexpired, shall be entitled to deduct the Rates or Taxes which shall be charged under the Authority of this Act, or any Part thereof, out of the Rent reserved or made payable by any such Lease or Agreement; but that the said Rates and Taxes shall be charged upon and paid by the Lessees or Tenants so holding such Fen Lands or Grounds as aforesaid.

Recovery of

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case Default shall be made Taxes. by any Person or Persons liable to the Payment of any such Rates or Taxes as aforesaid, in his, her, or their respective Payments to the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers thereof, on the Day, and at the Place to be appointed by the said Commissioners for such Payments, in a Notice to be inferred in the Cambridge Chronicle and Journal, or any other weekly Paper published or circulated in the Counties of Cambridge, Norfolk, or Suffolk, any or either of them, as the Case may be; and also affixed upon the several Church or Chapel Doors of the several Parishes of Upwell, Oulwell, Denver, and Welney aforesaid; it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands of any Three or more of the said Commissioners; which said Warrant or Precept the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required do make and give, as there shall be Occasion

541

4f GEORGII in Cap. 34.

casion, either at a Meeting of them the said Commissioners, or at any other Time, to levy the Sum or Sums of Money by him, her, or them payable and then due for such Rate or Tax as aforesaid, and fir the Penalties (if any) incurred by Non-payment thereof, by Distress of the Good', ( hatrels, and Cattle of such Person or Persons, wheresoever the same shall be found; and the said Goods, Chattels, and Cattle to impound, (ell, and dispose of until thereby or therewith the Rates or Taxes and Penalties then due, and the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, shall be fully paid and discharged; returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, and Cattle so distrained and fold, on Demand.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Lands shall at any Time hereafter be untenanted or unoccupied, so that no fufikient Distress can be made for levying the Rates or Taxes hereby charged, and the Penalties to be incurred for Non-payment thereof, then the said Lands which shall be so chargeable therewith, shall always remain a Security for Payment thereof; and all Goods, Chattels, and Cattle which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, impounded, kept, and fold in Manner aforesaid, until all Arrears of the fud Rates and Taxes, with the Penalties thereon, and the Charges incident to such Distress and Sale, (Tull be fully paid and latished.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, assembled at the first Meeting to be holden after the passing of this Act, and at any General Half Yearly Meeting (at which respective Meetings Seven Commissioners at lead shall be present), and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole Ten thousand Pounds, which they shall think necessary for the several Purposes of this Aftj and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign over the said Rates and Taxes as a Security for the Re-payment of such Sum and Sums of Money, with lawful Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the fame, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustee*, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns , and all and every such Person or Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment thereof shall be made, and all and every Person and Persons to whom any Mortgage or Assignment of the Rates and Taxes charged by the said former Acts hath or have been made, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditor and Creditors on the said Rates and Taxes hereby charged, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Sum of Money; and that every such Mortgage or Assignment hereafter to be made, shall be made for the Sum of One hundred Pounds only, and shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners; and the Costs and Charges of every such Assignment shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to arile by virtue of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment hath or have been, or shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, to assign or transfer his, her, or their

[Lee ft? f(r.J 6 X Mortgage

Land* unte-nauted to remain a Security foi Taxe*.

CommiiTon-er- m*y borrow Money

Securities to be made Tor One hundred Pounds only, and entered i* a Book.

Mortgagee* may affi^n their Sccuii-t>es.

542

Alignment to be entered and rezif. teied.

Application ( Taxe^ and Monies borrowed.

Taxes vested in Credito;*.

41° GEORGII in Cap. 34.

Mortgage or Security, and Right to the Principal Money and Inter'di thereby secured, to any other Person or Persons; and that every such Assignrent or Transfer shall be notified within Three Calendar Months after the Date thereof, to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Comnr.ffioners, who shall enter a Copy or Memorial thereof in the said Book or Books to be kept by him for entering the original Mortgages or Assignments, for which he or they shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and that after such Copy or Memorial shall be so entered* and npt before, every such Asignment or Transfer shall entitle the Af. signee or Alliances therein named, to the Benefit of the original Mortgage or Asignment so assigned or transferred to him or them, and to the Payment of the Monies due, or to grow due thereon and that every such Assignee or Assignees shall and may, in like Manner, from Time to Time, alhgn or transfer his, her, or their Right and Interest therein and thereto, to any other Person or Persons whomsoevtr.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Taxes to

be afTclTed and charged under the Authority of this Act, and the Monies so to be borrowed as aforesaid, and all other Monies which shall come to the Hands of the said Commissioners by virtue of th s Act, shall be veiled in, and applied and disposed of by the said Commifln nets in the First Place towards paying and discharging the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and lawful Interest for all such Monies a' shall be advanced by any Person or Persons whomsoever, for Payment of Fees, and other Expences attending the obtaining and passing the fame, and such Sum or Sums of Money as are due and owing to the present Treasurer; and afterwards in making, effecting, altering, repairing, and maintaining the several Works and Things to be made, done, and maintained under the Authority of this Act; and then in Payment of the several Sums of Money already borrowed, and now due or owing to any Person or Persons whomsoever by virtue of the said former Acts, or either of them, and hereafter to be borrowed by the said Commissioners, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and of tt.e Interest due, and to grow due thereon, respectively.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several

Rates and Taxes to be assessed, rated, taxed, or charged under the Authority of this Act, shall (land charged and chargeable with and for the Payment of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which hath or have been already borrowed by virtue of the said forn er Acts, or either of them, and r.ow remain due; or which Ih.ill or may hertatter be borrowed under the Authority of this present Act and the Interest of fui h Mo. nies respectively from Time to Time; and shall vest in the reiprftive Creditors, upon Default in Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the lntaeft thereof, until the lame, together with the Cost. and Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof, shall be fully paid and fausfied; and the said Creditors respectively, and thiir respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have the fame Powers, Rights, and Privileges of railing and recovering the said Rates and Taxes for the fati fy ng arid distharging to them such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Interest thereof, if Default shall be made in Payment thereof, a> the said Commissioners, or their Glleft r or Colkftois, Receiver or Receivers, have, or would have had, by virtue of this Act, in case the lame had been regularly paid and satisfird. XXVIII. And

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 34. 543

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Commission-have the fame Powers and Authoriiies for receiving, recovering, and compelling Payment of all Arrears of the Rates and Taxes charged by 0* Taxs the said former Acts, or either of them, which now remain due and un-

paid, as are hereby vested in them with resprdl to the R ites and Taxes e hereby authorized to be laid and charged, and that such Rates and Taxes, and the Penalties for Non-payment thereof (when received) shall be applied in the same Manner as the Rates and Taxes hereby charged, aie by this Act directed to be applied,

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the parting of ^n|,.f,[n0"t0 this Act, if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any of the said k. p D icl.es Fen Lands, to which any Dike or Dikes, Tunntl or Tunnels, Ditch or "^aarand Diiches whatsoever, already made, or which shall hereafter be made, lead- to ro/,’"lr an icg to any Mill Drain or Mill Drains for carrying off the Water there D,ulies‘ doth, do, or shall belong, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to rode,

scour, cleanse, open, or repair furh Dike or Dikes, Tunnel or Tunnels,

Ditch or Ditches , or to make and place any new and proper Tunnel or Tunnels, on any Part of the said Fen Lands, of which he, she, or they shall be Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers as aforesaid, after Twenty one Days Notice given to him, her, or them for that Purpose, by the Collector or Collectois, Receiver or Receivers, or other Officer or Officers for the Time being, appointed by virtue of this Act, shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit and pay the Sum of Two pence for every Rod of such Dike so neglected to be scoured, cleansed, opened, and repaired , One Penny for every Rod of such Dike so neglected to be rod*, ed, and Ten Shillings for every Tunnel so neglected to be made, repaired, or opened as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful fur the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to cause such Dikes, Tunnels, and Ditches to be roded, opened, made, or repaired, as the Case may be

And the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the said respective Penalties, and the Costs and Charges incurred in making and doing such Works, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to do the fame; rendering the Overplus of the Monies arising from such Distress and Sale (if any), after deducting such Penalties, Cods, and Expences, and the Costs and Charges attending such Didress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall taking w».

at any Time make or caulc to be made, any Watering Place, or Places of mine places Access for Cattle to drink, in any of the publick Drains made, or to be the

made or maintained by virtue of this Act} or shall continue to use any Drains, such Watering Place already made, after Ten Days Notice in Writing to

the contrary thereof, given to him, her, or them, by the Collector, or Receiver of, or any other Person or Persons authorized by the said Commissioners; or if any Person or Persons shall drive, or cause to be diiven, any And fordriv-Waggon, Cart, brother Carriage, upon any Bank which shall be made or g/, maintained by virtue of this Act (unless such Bank shall be upon a Com- Hie Banks, mon Drove Way, and diffident Passage shall not be left by the Side thereof) every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

544 4I<5 GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

Penalty for

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no House or Building shall be Bufldi'rfgsrL. f,tcttd> or any Trtc« Hedge, or Holt planted, or any Stack of Hay, orp1 Ting Fodder, Reed, Turf, or other Obstruction fetor placed within Two hun-jwK^n"vtfd* Yards of any Mill or Engine already erected or employed, or whch ' ' shall nercaster be erected or employed for draining the said Fen Lands: And if any Pci Ion or Persons shall build or erect any House or other Building, or plant any Tree, Hedge, or Holt, or frt or place any Stack or other Obstruction, within such Distance as aforesaid; every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such House or Budding any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; for every Hedge or Holt, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; for every Tree, any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings; and for every such Stack, or other Obstruction, any Sum not exceeding Commission- Tsvency Shillings; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, mweOb'" Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Budding, Stack, itmaions! Tree, Hecge, Holt, or cythtr Obstruction, to be pulled down, taken up and lemoned; and the Cod’s and Expences thereby incurred, shall be re-imburied to the said Comnnflioners by the Person or Persons who committed the Offence; and may, with the several Penalties aforesaid, be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods, Chattels, and Stock, wheiesoever the same shall be found, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said Commissioners: And that it (h II also be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause any Tree, Hedge, or Holt, which shall be growing within the Didance of Two hundred Yards from any Mill or Engine erected, or to be erected by virtue of the said former Acts, or this pelent Act, to be cut down; the said Comnnflioners m king such Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners of such lad mentioned Tree, Hedge, or Holt, as shall be fair and reasonable.

To mow

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall

Th'rties, etc. cau e all the Thidles and Weeds which (h ill arise or grow upon or in any av'hc Ban, cs’ Bank, Drove, or Waite, within the Limits of this Act, to be mowed, cur down, and destroyed, as often as shall be necessary; and that thty shall ardmay mike such Payments and Allowances for that Purpose, out of the Monies to arile by vmue of this Act, as they shall think proper*

Power tode-

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall itroy Moles, have eu11 Power, and they are hereby authorized to destroy all such Moles and other Vermin as shall be found in and about the said Fen Lands, and also in and about the Lands and Banks adjoining or lying near thereto, and for that Purpose to employ such Person or Persons at such Wages or Salary as they shall think proper; and such Person or Persons shall, and lawfully may enter into and Upon the said Fen Lands, and the Land and Banks adjoining thereto, or any of them, for that Purpose.

Powerto rrert

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Hurfc Mill* to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such of the said Fen Land^nV. Lands as are or shall be Arable, to erect any HoTe Mill thereon.in Order p nairytor to drain such Arable Lands only, and for no other Purpose wh.itloever;

j^ rfJH-cTi'ls ar|d triat 'n Cafe any Person or Persons shall use any Hoise Mil! on any foraiiv other of the said Fen Lands for any other Pu-pole whatsoever, every such Per* Purpose. son or persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

*5

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That thef.ud Commissioners and they are hereby authorized, at any M rt'ng, to let to the bt-ft Bidder or Bidders, for any Term not ex' eed ng Three Years at any One Time, the Herbage and Pasturage of the Banks, Common Drove-ways, and Waste-places lying within the Limits of this Act, in such Lot or Lots, and at such Rent or Rents, Fine or Finrs, and upon Inch Terms and Conditions, and under such Rules and Regulaoons, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper: And the Person or Persons hiring the lame, shall have the exclusive Use and Benefit of such Herbage and Pasturage; and the Rentor Rents, Sum or Sums, for which such Herbage and iJil-turage shall be let as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Treasurer, Receiver, or Collector to the said Commissioners, and be applied to the lame Purjofes as the Rates and Taxes hereby charged upon the said Fen Lands, are directed to be a, plied to; and the said Commissioners shall have the fame Powers and Remedies for recovering and enforcing Payment of such Rent or Rents as are hereby given them for Recovery of the Rates and Taxes aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments made upon, and Inclosures taken from the said Banks, Common Drove-ways and Waste Places, or any Part thereof, within Two Years from the Filth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, whereon no House or Cottage hath been eiecied or built and is now (landing, shall be deemed and considered to be Part of the said Banks, Common Drove-w.ys, and Waste Places-, and thac it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to throw open such Encroachments and Inclosures, and all such other Encroachments and Inclosures which shall at any Time hereafter be made upon and taken fom the said Banks, Common Drove ways, and Waste Places, or any Part thereof, and to remove and fill up the Hedges, Ditches, and Fences thereof respectively.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or maliciously cut, throw down, or otherwise damage any of the Banks, Works, Mills, or Engines so to be made or erected as aforesaid, or by any Ways hinder, divert, or lay open any of the Banks, Drains, Dams, Outlets, or other Works made, or hereafter to be made, for draining or improving the said Fen Lands he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Money which shall at any Time, by virtue of this Act be raised on such Part of the said Fen Lands as lie on the South Side of Popham's Eati, shall (after answe’ing the Purposes aforesaid) be applied an 1 laid out in making such Bank-, Dr.iinS, Dams, and Outlets, and erecting and making such Mills, Engines, and othrr Works as shall be necelfaryfor draining that Part of the said Lands only, and that the Money which shall be raised within such Part ofihelaid Fen Lands as lie on the North Side of Popham’s Eau, shall (after answering ihr Purposes aforesaid) be applied in making such Banks, Drams, Dams, and Outlet', and netting and making such Mills, Engines, and other Works as shall be necessary fur draining that Part of the said Lands only.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners shall cauie two distintt and separate Books for Assessments , also two distintt

[Lee. £5? Per.] 6 Y—Z and

545

Power to let 1 lie Herbage of Banks, etc*

Commissioners may throw open Encroachments*

Penalty for Damage to the Banks,

&C.

The Money

raised on the Sou h Side Popham's Eau to be applied to that Sid* only.

Separate Books to be kept.

S4&

CommiiF.on-ei*' may l'ue or be sued in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk. Penalties above 50/. to be recovered by Action.

Actions not to abate on the Death of the Treasurei or Clerk.

Recovery and

Application of Penalties.

Distress not unlawful for Want of Form

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

and separate Books of Receipts and Disbursements, to be provided and kept , One of each for the North Side of Popham’s Eau, and One of each for the South Side of Popham's Eau.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may sue or be sued in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to commence or bring, or i aule to be commenced or brought, any Action or Suit in any of His Majesty's C urn of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Pleas for the said Isle of E v, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe or otherwise, for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties by this Act imposed, which respectively amount to or exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, in which Action or Suit it shall be only nectflary for the Plaintiff to prove that the Defendant or Defendants had actually committed the Offence for which the Penalty sued for shall have been incurred; and such Plaintiff shall recover such Penalty with full Costs of Suit; and that no Action to be brought by or against the said Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurer or Clerk; but that the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said Commulioners, shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed (the Recovery whereof is not hereby otherwise directed j and all Costs and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, and Stock of the Offender or Offenders, wheresoever the same shall be found, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of O ie or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, Liberty, or Place wherein the Offence shall have been committed j which Warranc such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and empowered to grant, as often as shall be necessary, upon the ConfefGon of the Party, or on the Information of any credible Witness upon Oath; and in Cafe no sufficient Distress can be found, such Justice or Justices shall issue a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, for the Apprehension of such Offender or Offenders; and shall commit such Offender or Offenders, when brought before him or them, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Division, Liberty, or Place wherein such Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, if not hereby otherwise directed to be paid and applied, shall be paid to the Treasurer, Collector, or Receiver to the said Commissioners, and applied for the lame Purposes as the Rates and Taxes charged upon the said Fen Lands, are by this Act directed to be paid and applied.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made by Virtue of this Act, the Difirefs itself. shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio on Account of any Irregularity

which

547

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

which shall be done by him or them; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Caie.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all such of the said Commis- Commission-sioners as are or shall be Justices of the Peace, may act as Justices in all ^rse^'n"®{"tf' Matters under the Authority of this Act, notwithstanding their being a» such in the Commissioners as aforesaid: And that in all Cases where any Parties, of

Witnesse?, or other Persons are to be heard or examined by or before, commission-or in the Presence of the said Commissioners, in any Matter or Thing relating to this Act, it shall be lawful for any One of the said Commis- Oath, sioners to administer an Oath to, or take the Affirmation of, such Parties,

Witnesses, or Persons.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Limitation of commenced against any Person or Persons fur any Thing done in pur- Aaion‘-fuance of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Suit shall be intended to be brought; or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months after the Fast committed, and shall be laid or brought in the Court of Pleas of the Isle of Ely, or in the County of Norfolk, as the Case may be, and not elsewhere: And the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue; and if in General Issue. Replevin, may justify and avow, by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and may give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence, without speually pleading the same, otherwise than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the Fast alledged in such Action or Suie to have been done, was done in Pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same; or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof shall have been made as aforesaid; or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid; then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Deicndants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or forbear Prosecution. or discontinue his, her, or their Suit or Suiis or if any Verdict shall pass against him, her, or them, upon a Demurrer, or otherwise, then and in any of the said Cases the Defendant Treble Colh. or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy as where Costs by Law are awarded.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act con- Saving to tained shall prevent or obstruct William Wells Gentleman, his Heirs or the

Assigns (with the Consent and under the Direction of the said Com- nmntaimng missioners), from maintaining the Bank made along his Lands at North- the Bank delph, against London Load South, and the Lands late of John Glenton, hi^Landsit now of Thomas Crowe Mannings, Clerk, in Part, the Lands late of John ftvthdtlyi>. Wilehore, now of the said William Wells, and the Lands of the Reverend Dcftur Pyle in the other Part West, so that it be done without Prejudice to the great Mill Drains: And if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or maliciously cut, throw

down,

548

Saving Rigiitt of orpora lion of Bedford Level.

Saving Right* of Lords of Manors.

[Publick Act.]

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

down, or otherwise damage the said Banks, the Offender or Offenders shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to invalidate, lessen, dimin fh, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities vested in the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford' Level; or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators by virtue of an Act made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Drainage of tkc Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level; or by virtue of any other Act or Statute whatsoever; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which by Virtue of the said Act of the Fifteenth of King Charles the Second, or of any other Act or Statute whatsoever now are vetted in the said Governor Bailiffs and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, and every of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be in the said Governor, Bailiff., and Commonalty, and in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made.

XLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all such Right or Rights as are now veiled in any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor or Manors, Liberties, Hundred or Half Hundred, within his, her, or their respective Manor or Manors, Libert es, Hundred or Half Hundred, within or without the said Fen L.ands, to Waifs, Estrays, Felons Goods, Privileges of Airefts, Escheats, and all Royalties not prejudicial to Draining, shall be, and are hereby laved to them, their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof noiwiiiiltanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed a Publick Act; and all judges, Justices, and other Persons are heicby required to take Notice thereof as such, without Ipe-ciully pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

’JV

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

* «4Ht*»*

Cap. 35.

An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for tnore effectually draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Manor or I ownfo ip of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln.

[21st May 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was paired in the Twenty-eighth Year of Preamble, the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for more effectually draining and preferring c'»-ITI-certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln, whereby certain Trustees were directed to be elected and appointed from Time to Time for putting the said Act in Execution; and to defray the Expences thereof they were authorized and required to rate or tax all the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds with such Sum of Money, not exceeding One Shilling per Acre, in any OneYear as they should think necessary; and in case such Rate or Tax should not be sufficient, then with such further Sum, not exceeding Six>-pence per Acre, as should be approved of and consented to by the Owners \Los. fif Ptr.~\ 7 A and

554- 41° GEO. III. Caj>. 3

and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds, as in the said Act more particularly mentioned; and the said Trullees were authorized and empowered to support and maintain certain Works of Drainage then made on the said Edtids and Grounds, and also to make and maintain such other Works as they should from Time to Time think proper for the' mote effectual draining and preserving of the fame: And whereas the said Trustees have proceeded to execute the said Act, and the Rates or Taxes aforesaid have been laid, and raised, and duly applied, but the same are very inadequate to the Expences of properly draining and preserving the said Lauds and Grounds; and it is also necessary that other Works of Drainage should be made thereon: And whereas it is requisite that the said Att should be altered and amended; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Thr Limit*. Hllembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the rd in ihe for." Pa^ln£ of this Act, so much of the said Act passed in the Twenty-eighth jr.crA with Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty King George the Third as Amountobhe re^atfrS to the Amount of the Rate or Tax to be laid in any One Year by Annual R tes the said Trullees as aforesaid, and also to the Amount of the further or rr Totes re- additional Rate or Tax to be by them laid with the Consent of Pt ' ' # the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds, but not otherwise as aforesaid, and as in the said Act more particularly and respectively mentioned, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to' Directing be repealed; and inllead thereof k is hereby enacted, That it shall be T-xrfftniTr, for the said Trullees from Time to Time to rate or tax all the said

future be laui Fen Lands and Low Grounds, (except the Common Drove leading from by the Tiuf- the Village of North Kyme to the Ing Stile, as in the said Act mentioned) by such equal and proportionable Rate or Tax, not exceeding Two Shillings an Acre in any One Year.as the said Trullees shall think necessary; An adrtit'onr.I ant* a ^urth‘;r and additional Rate or Tax, over and above the

Kan 01 Tax said Rate or Tax of Two Shillings an Acre, as shall be approved of and w't'i c nfented to by the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and of owner-of Grounds assembled at a Meeting to beheld for taking the Matter into n?"o iKj'wife Consideration; and for those Purposes the said recited Act, and ad the

- Powers, Provisions, and Directions therein contained, with respect to the

Rates or Taxes thereby directed and authorized to be laid and raised, fyall extend and apply and be applicable to the Rates and Takes hereby directed and authorized to be raised, as luity and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein repeated and hereby re-enacted, and as if the said hit mentioned Rates or Taxes had been directed and authorized to be laid and raised in and by the said recited Act; and tlje Rates or Taxes hereby directed to he hid and raised shall be applied in defraying the Colts, Charges, and Expences of executing the said recited Act and this Act, and to no other Life or Purpose whatsoever. '

for railing Money to tie* fray ihc Expencei already incurred in making sur-T?ys, ami of parting this Act.

II. And whereas some Expences have been incurred in taking Levels, making Surveys, and in ascertaining what further Works were required to be done for the more effectual Drainage and Preservai.'on of the said Lands and Grounds, and in otherwise preparing for the Application to Parliament for this Act; and further Expences will be incurred in making such Application, and obtaining and passing this Act, and in building and erecting One or more Engine or Engines for the better and more effectual Drainage of the said Lands and Grounds, and it is expedient

555

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

dient that Provision should be made for immediately raising Money to pa y and defray such Expences, instead of defraying the fame out of the Annual Rates or Taxes to be laid as aforesaid; be it therefore enacted.

That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby directed, authorized, and empowered, to raise inch Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds in the Whole, and as they shall find re-quisite and necessary, for paying and defraying such of the said several Expences as the Trustees may think proper, and (or that Purpose to rate or tax all the said Lands and Grounds (except as aforesaid, by an equal and proportionable Rate or Tax, over and above any Annual Rate or Tax which may be laid as aforesaid and such Rate or Tax for paying and defraying the said Expences shall be laid, raised, recovered, and paid by such Persons, Ways, and Means, and in such Manner, as any Annual Rate or Tax by the said Act and this Act are authorized and directed to be laid, raised, recovered, and paid.

III. Provided always, That in case there shall be any Overplus of the Apniicition of Money to be raised by such Rate or Tax, after paying and defraying all

the Expences incurred and to be incurred as aforesaid, the same shall by =my) raised by the said Trustees be applied in aid of the Annual Rate or Tax.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be ^.'w"v^7or lawful to and for any of the Owners or Proprietors of any of the Lands LiV. av. to and Grounds which shall be rated or taxed as last aforesaid, being Tenants borrow Mj-in Tail, or Tenants for Life, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, nfy' Guardian or Guardians, or being a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, and also for the Husband or Husbands of

any such Tenants in Tail, or Tenants for Life, being Femes Covert, from Time to Time to charge the said Lands and Grounds with such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient for paying the Rate or Rates, Tax or Taxes to be laid upon the said Lands and Grounds respectively for paying and defraying the said Expences; and for fecuiing the Re-payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interelb for the fame, to grant, charge, demise, and mortgagfe, or otherwise subject the said Lands and Grounds unto such Person and Persons as shall advance and lend the fame reflectively, and to his, her, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years, so as every such Grant and Demise shall be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered upon Re-payment of the several Sums of Money respectively to be secured as aforesaid, and so as every such Grant, Mortgage, or Demise so to be made shall contain a Proviso that the Person or Persons entitled to the Remainder or Reverficm of the Lands or Grounds so mortgaged shall not be liable upon his, her, or their becoming paflVffed thereof to the Payment of any further or hmger Ar-Tear of interest than for One Year preceding the Time that the t itle to such Poflfeflion shall accrue or commence; and every such Grant, Mortgage, or Demise so to be made in pursuance o( this Act shall be good, valid, and elsetlual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended, notwithstanding the Want of legal Title in any such Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or in the said Tenants in Tail or for Life, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid; any Settlemeit or Settlements, Will or Wills, Decrees, Trusts, Uies, Remaindets, Limitations, or other prior or former Incumbrances of or concerning the same Lands

or

556

A Catchwater

Drain to be made, i Helmed necessary by the Proprietor*.

The Trustee* then to make and maintain futb Drain.

Trustees may agree for the Pure'nase of Lam's, or Sa-t«»faction for Damage:.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

or Grounds, or any Part thereof then in being, or capable of taltingEffefli, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time after the First Day of "January One thousand eight hundred and four, it shall appear to the Majority of Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds who shall be assembled at a Meeting to be held for the Purpose of taking the Matter into Consideration (such Meeting to be called and held in such Manner, and at such Place as by the said Act is provided and directed with respect to Meetings for laying the additional Rate or Tax therein mentioned) that the Engines and other Works of Drainage at that Time ereftedand made are not sufficient for the effectual Drainage and Preservation of the said Lands and Grounds, then it shall be lawful for such Owners and Proprietors to order and direct a Catchwater Drain to be made and maintained from, or from near the Corner of a certain Close of Land at Carr Dike, now or latethe Property of the Heirs of Robert Evifon, deceased, in the Tenure of Ibomas Dickinson, to or near a certain Coppice now or late belonging to James Whiting Torke Esquire, adjoining the Lane leading from South Kyme to North Kyme, and which Drain shall be made (kirting the High Lands between the said Close and Coppice, and pass through Lands now or late of the Heirs of the said Robert Evifon, of Edward Hare Esquire, of /ibraham Sheath Esquire, of T.evet Ibbetifon Esquire, and of Jefepb Hunt Esquire respectively; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cut and make, or cause to be cut and made, and for ever after to support and maintain such Catchwater Drain accordingly; and the said Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, and Regulations therein contained, with respect to the Drains and other Works thereby authorized and directed to be maintained, or made and supported, shall extend and apply and be applicable to the said Catchwater Drain, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Act, and the said Powers, Provisions, and Regulations were herein repeated and re enacted; and for that Purpose the said Trustees shall have full Power and Authority to agree with the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments which the said Trustees shall judge necessary to be cut for the Purpose of making the said Drain, for the Purchase of such Lands and Hereditaments, or for the Recompence to be made to such Proprietors and Persons interested for the Damages they may sustain thereby; and also to settle and ascertain in what Proportion the Sum or Sums so agreed for shall be paid to the several Persons interested in the Premises; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Hiirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, who are or shall be seised or interested in their own Rights and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, to contract for, fell, and convey unto the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons at they shall appoint, any Lands or Hereditaments (or the Purposes at'oresaid, or to agree with the said Trustees for any Recompence or Compensation to be made for the Damages which may be done to any such Lands or Hereditaments by the Means aforesaidj and all such Contrafts, Sales, Conveyances,

557

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

veyances, and Agreements, shall be valid and effectual in Law to all In tens and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall lawfully do in pursuance of this Act; but if it shall happen that any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons interested or concerned as at'ore-said, shall for the Space of Forty Days afnr Notice in Writing given to the principal Officer or Officers of such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at hi*-, her, or their respective Place or Places of Abode, or at the House of the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands or Hereditaments, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Trustees, or by Reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered. Fourteen Days at lead before any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Parts of Kc/leven, in the said County of Lincoln, within Twelve Calendar Months after the Lands or Hereditaments shall have been used or such Damage done, to give, or cause to be given to the Party or Parties whose Lands or Hereditaments shall have been used, or who shall have sustained such Damage or Injury, or leave, or cause to be left at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode respectively, or at the Place of Abode of the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of the Premises, a Notice in Writing, purporting that the Value of such Lands or Hereditaments, and the Amount of the Damage or Injury sustained will be adjusted and settled by a Jury at the said Sessions; and the Justices at their said Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, shall, and are hereby authorized and required, to charge the Jury which shall attend at such Sessions, orfome other Jury of Twelve honest and substantial Men, to be then and there impanneiied and returned by the proper Officer of the said Parts of Kcjieven, and cause them to be sworn well and truly, on their Oaths, toaffefs the Value of the Lands or Hereditaments, and the Recompence to be given for the fame, or for any Damage or Injury sustained as aforesaid, to the respective Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate having any Interest therein, or to the Owner or Own-ersthereof, according to their relpetlive Interests; to which said Juries the said Trustees, and all Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, shall have their lawful Challenges when they come to be sworn; and the Clerk of the Peace for the said Parts of Kcjieven is hereby authorized and empowered, upon Application piade to him by any of the Parties interested, by Subpceoa or Summons under his Hand? to call before the Justices attuch Sessions or any Adjournment thereof, any Person or Persons who shall be thought proper to be examined touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, and also the Oaths to be taken by the Persons who shall appear or be summoned to be examined and give Evidence as aforesaid, the said Justices at their Sessions are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall ascertain and award the Recompence to be given for the said Lands or Hereditaments, or any Damage or Injury which shall have been done as aforesaid to the respective Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Owner or Owners thereof; and the said Justices ft^all and may give Judgement according to the Verdict of the said Jury, and the Judgement thereupon declared and pronounced by the said Justices shall [Loc. cs5 Per.'] 7 B finally

55« 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

finally bind and be condusive to the said Trustees, and all Persons and Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, and shall be entered and kept among the Records of the Quarter Sessions for the said Parte of Kefievtn, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, being signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the said Parts of Kefleven, shall be deemed and taken as good Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity; and all Persons may have Recourse thereto, or take Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom, on paying the usual Fees paid in Cases of the like Nature.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Verdict shall be given for any greater Sum or Recompence than shall have been offered by or on Behalf of the said Trustees before the Notice of the intended Application to be made to the said Sessions, for or in respect of any of the Matters aforesaid, that then all the Expences of such Application, including the Charges of Witnesses, shall be paid by the said Trustees out of the Annual Rates or Taxes to be raised by virtue of this Act, but if any Verdict shall be given for no more, or for a less Sum than shall have been so previously offered by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, then and in every such Case, such Iixpences shall be paid by the Owners of or Persons interested in the Lands or Hereditaments upon or in respect of which such Application shall have been made; all which Expences shall be regulated, settled, and allowed by the Justices in Sessions before whom the Matter shall be heard and determined.

Application of

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purenafed, taken, or utt; 100l. used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the fame exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Trustees, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be fig-, rifled by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments, in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or Part thereof, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (tanning settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, lor, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilling undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be ipade, the said Money shall, on the Request of any One or more of the said Trustees, in Writing, signed by him or them, and without any Order of the Court of Chancery, be inverted by the said Accountant

General

Expence s of t. e Jury and With if s, by v. It. m to be paid.

559

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pou:.ds/>cr Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid,’the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall iroin Time to Time go and belong to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be-paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by One or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Money may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds,' then and in all such Cases the same shall be paid to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case such Catchwater Drain shall at any Time hereafter be made as aforesaid, the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required to fence off the lame from the Lands and Grounds through which the said Drain shall be made or cut, between a certain Close called The Vachery New Close, and a certain Close of Land called The Calf Close, with Posts and Rails, or other good and sufficienc Fences; and that if by the making of such Drain the Passage of any Person or Persons to or from his, her, or their Grounds or other Premises with Cattle or Carriages will be obstructed, the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required with ail convenient Speed, to cause all necessary

Bridges

Application where the Compensation does not exceed too/, nor less than to/.

Application where the Money is left than 20/.

The Catch water Drain to be fenced from adjoining Lands;

and Bri Jges of Communicate n r<» be made where necessary.

$6o

Vor making a prop?r Bridge wkeie the Drain will cross a Turnpike Road.

Extending the Provision* of the foi mer A’-t to this Act.

Publick AcU

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Bridges to be built fot the convenient Passage of the Occupier or Occupiers of such Grounds or Premises respectively, with his, her, or their Cattle and Carriages; and the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required at all Times to support and maintain such Fences and Bridges in good and sufficient Repair.

XI. And whereas the said Drain, if made, will cross the Turnpike Road leading from Sleaford to Tattershall; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to make and cut, or cause to be made and cut, the said Drain across the said Turnpike Road, and the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required to build and erect, and for ever after support and maintain, a proper and sufficient Bridge or Tunnel across such Drain with Approaches thereto, and good and sufficient Fences on the Sides thereof, for the safe and commodious Railage of all Persons, and Cattle, and Carriages.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained, and not hereby altered or repealed, shall be of full Force and Effect, and extend to this Act, and to the Rates or Taxes to be laid, and the Works and Things to be made or done by virtue or under the Powers hereof, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 36.

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from the South West End of Nether Bridge in the County of Westmorland, by Sizergh Fell Side to Levens Bridge, and from thence through the Town of Millthrop to Dixes, and from the Town of Millthrop aforesaid to Hatig Bridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syka Turnpike Road at the Guide Post near Clawthrop Hall, in the County aforesaid.

[21st May 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the prnmbl:.

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 31 cn. 11. An Act for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from the South West End of Nether Bridge in the County of Westmorland, by Sizergh Fell Side to Levens Bridge, and from thence through the Town of Millthrop to Dixes, and from the Town of Millthrop aforesaid to Hang Bridge, and from thence to join the Heron byke Turnpike Road at the Guide Pcft near Clawthrop Hall in the County aforesaid: And whereas an Act was <?,». ill. passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act: And whereas the Trullees appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded in the Execute. tft Per.'] 7 C tion

41° GEO. III. Cap. 36

tion thereof, and have borrowed ferernl Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which Money still remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged; may it therefore please Your Majesty that.it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and be executed for and during the Term herein after mentioned, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said former Acts, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit or on Account of the said Acts and this Act, and all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the Town of Kendal for the Time being, Sir Michael le Fleming Baionet, Sir Alan Chambre Knight, Richard Howard. Daniel Wilson, Thomas Strickland, William Moore, Thomas Sill, William Wilson, Carus Wilson, \'James Wilson, John Yeates of Kirkland, John Yeats of Beetham, Joseph Maude, Thomas Maude, John Wakefield the Elder, John Wakefield the Younger, Jacob Wakefield, William. Wilson, Henry Robinson Clerk, George Kendal Clerk, John Hutton Clerk, William Hutton Clerk, George Lawson Clerk, John Fleming CleTk, John Morland, John Dodgson, Edward Johnson, Roger Diekinson, John Scott, Anthony Yeates, Christopher Wilson the Elder, Christopher Wilson the Younger, James Wilson Attorney, William Haygnrth, Thomas Cartmell of Kendal, Robert Harrison, Christopher Fenton, Richard Winfield, William Berry, James Barrow, George Braithwaite, Robert Greenbcw, Joseph Swainson, Joseph Symson, William Pennington, William Dilworth Crewdson, William kichardson, Jackson Harrison, William Briggs, James Wi’son Shearman, William Braithwaite, Robert Diekinson, Richard Wilson, Thomas Wilkinfqn, William Bateman, Robert Bradley, Thomas Harrison the Elder, Thomas Harrison the Younger, William At-kihfon, George Bcnfon, William Yeates, John Hoggarlh, John Ireland, James Pennington, James Evans, John Diekinson, hfaac Cartmell, Robinson Cartmell, John Simpson, Arthur Shepherd, John Burn, Robert Hardy, Edward Hitching, Benjamin Hunter, Thomas Hunter, Gerard Backhause, Samuel Gawtbnp, John Petty, Thomas Fell, Thomas Cartmell of Farleton, Robert Gawlhrop, George Barkhouse, Thomas Harrison, William Bindlofs, Thckstone Clerk, Thomas Talbot, George Cartmell, Joseph Fayrer, William Waltham Atkinson, and Henry Sill Clerk, shall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said former Acts, or either of them, for putring the fame and (his Act in Execution; and the Trustees herein nominated, and their Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Act of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 36. 563

the Second, are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the said Aers and this Act, 3S fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed by the said former Acts or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Dire^inj? the awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the Paid recited Acts or ra;,t in this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under i.nnli, etc. any Disability or Incapacity, as i.n the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Latul lax, cr Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the lame Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses,

Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Tracts. Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall front Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, anti Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

tV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money wi^renot so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- ',t‘cd s tantents, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong- *0°t iViTthan ing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or »«/ Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled

5^4

Where left than ao/.

Exp<*nces of the Act to be paid.

[Publick Act.]

Term and Continuance of the Act.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

titled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or tiled, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their rel'pedive Hands, be paid into the Rank, in the Name and with the Privity of the Paid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before di reded, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned shall be lei's than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Aci and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act shall be defrayed out of any Money already raised by virtue of the said former Acts, or out of the first Money to be raised by virtue of the said former Acts, and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine, and that the said Acts and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in Force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StraHan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 37.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of New Windsor in the County of Berks, into the London Road at or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford in the County of Middlej'ex; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from and out of the said Road at Southley, in the Parish of Datchet, to the Village of Datchet, in the County of Bucks.

[21st May 1801.]

WHEREAS the ancient Bridge over the River Thames at Datchet preamble.

in the County of Bucks, which formed a Communication between London, and also several Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Bucks, and the Town of New Windsor in the County of

Berks, and several other Parts of the same County, is pulled down, and a new Bridge is about to be erefled over the said River Thames, from a certain Place near a Bridge called Neville's Bridge, in the Parish of New Windsor aforesaid, to the opposite Bank of the said River, near a Place called Southley, in the said Parish of Datchet-, and if a Turnpike Road was made from the Town of New Windsor aforesaid, to and over the said intended Bridge, and from thence through the Parish of Datchet [Loe. IB Per.] 7 D aforesaid-

$66

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37,

aforesaid, and the Parishes of Horton, in the said County of fucks, and of S/anwell and Harmondsworth in the said County of Middlesex, into the London Road at’ or near a Bridge callrd High Bridge, near Longford, in the said County of MiddlefeAt; and also if the present Road leading Irom Souibley aforesaid, to the West End of the Village of Datchet, which is very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, were lufficicmly amended, widened, and kept in Repair, it would open a very commodious Communication between London and New Windsor, and several Pa ts i f the Count'es aforesaid, and be a great Convenience to the Publick; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it cradled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Tuftees. Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, ’I I at James Atkins, the Reverend William Arnald Doctor in Divinity, George Ajccugh, William Baker, Robert Batli/combe, James Baierjloek, Joseph Bending, John Andrew Biggs, Robert Brawn, William Brown Clerk, John Buckt-ridge, Thomas Buckland of Wyrardi/bury, Henry Bullock, Henry Bullock me Younger, Sir William Clayton Baronet, John Carbonell, Wiliam Cartwright, William Cookson Clerk, James Coombs, Thomas Cooper, John Crickitt, William Dawfcn, Booker Derby, Edward Dtjbrowe, the Reverend Frederick Dodsworth Doctor in Divinity, the Reverend Philip Du Val Doctor in Divinity, Gilbert East, Augustus Henry East, James Egelftone, Henry Emlyn, the Reverend John Fisher Doctor in Divinity, the Reverend William holla Doctor in Divinity, William Henry Freemantle, Sir William Gibbons Biro-net, Thomas Garth, John Gibbons, William Gill, the Reverend Samuel Goodenough Doctor of Laws, John Goodwin, William Gorton, Pafcoe Grenfell the Younger, William Grenfell, the Honourable Robert Fulk Greville, Henry Griffiths, Francis Edwaid Gwyn, the Reveiend John Hallam Doctor in Divinity, John Hand'Clerk, the Honourable WilRam Harcourt, John Simon Harcourt, James Haydock, the Reverend George Heath Doctor in Divinity, Peter Henderson, William Highmore, Edmund Hill, Sir William Johnftcn Baronet, the Reverend William Langford Doctor in Divinity, John Theodcfius Langhorne Clerk, William Lalcelles, Daniel Carter Lewis Clerk, James Lind, Thomas Loathis, the Reverend John Lockman Doctor in Divinity, Joseph Lowthian Clerk, John Donald Macquecn, Robert Manners, James Mingay, Thomas Moore, Charles Morice Clerk, the Honourable Francis Needham, Edward Northey Clerk, Henry Hoyle Oddie, John Paddy, William Pagett, Sir Charles Palmer Baronet, Edward Parker, John George Perry, William Awberry Phelp Clerk, John Harcourt Powell, William Price, Henry Protlor, Thomas Pulton Clerk, John Rae, John Ramsbottom, Richard Ramjbotlom, William Reddington, Charles Rooke, Jeffrey Shaw, John , - Sheppard, John Slingsby, John Snowden, John Slurgefs, William Slurgefs,

Robert Style, John Style, John Sullivan, William Thomas, William Thurbin, John Trevanion, Charles Tuffnell, John Tupp, George Vansittart, George Van fittart the Younger, Edward Vansittart Clerk, John Wallis, Townlty Ward, John Whitaker, Thomas Williams, Owen Williams, John Williams, and Edward Wilson Clerk, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner here-in-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making, maintaining, improving, and keeping in Repair a Road as aforesaid, from the Town of New Wir.dfor, over the said intended Bridge over the River Thames, into tht London Road at or near the said Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution; and that the said Road, when made, shall from thenceforth be deemed

and

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

add taken to be, and shall be for ever after a publick Highway for Cattle and Carriages, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said first-mentioned Road Hull be made and continued through the Parish of Dot-ehet aforesaid, in the Line herein-after mencit ned; (that is to say) from the East End of the said new Bridge about to be erected over the said River Thames in a rtraight Line to the South End of a Barn contiguous to a Farm House in the same Parish, belonging to William Lafeelles Esquire, in the Occupation of William Majors, and from thence along the Ridge of high inclosed Land parallel or near to the Fence thereof, unto the North End of a certain Piece of Common or Waite Gfound in the Parish of Datcbel aforesaid, commonly called or known by the Name of The Forty, and proceed from thence by the North Halt Fence of a certain Ground in the said Parish called The Fleet Meadow to the present Road from Dutches to Horton aforesaid, near the East End of the said Fleet Meadow, and that the said Road shall be formed, construded, and made in such Manner as not to dam up the Waters in any Part of the said Parish of Datchet, or to obstrud or hinder the Passage of the said Waters into the River Thames.

III. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the said intended Road shall have been formed at or near the East End of the said intended new Bridge, the said Trustees shall, by and out of the Monies to be collected and raised in pursuance of this Act, new form and new make the said present Road in the Parish of Datchet aforesaid, from the West End of the Village of Datchet near the Place where the old Bridge there flood to the said Place in the same Parish called Southley, and carry on the same to join and communicate with the said first-mentioned Road intended to be made under and by virtue of the Powers of this Act, and shall make the fame a good and perfect Road of proper and durable Materials of a sufficient Width, not exceeding Thirty Feet, and also shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times during the Continuance of this Act, by and out of the Monies to be collected and raised as aforesaid, well and sufficiently amend and maintain the fame Road, and keep the fame at all Times in good Repair as a Road for all Purposes whatsoever, from the Village of Datchet aforesaid to the said intended new Road. IV.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Ttuflces shall also, by and out of the Monies to be collected and raised in pursuance of this Act, well and effectually construd and make the several Works hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say), a Drain from the Wooden Bridge in the Village of Datchet aforesaid, of the Width of Twenty-four Feet at the least, and of a sufficient Depth to drain all ihe Waters which may come into the Hollow in the said Village, to the Place in Ford Lane in the Parish. of Datchet aforesaid, where the said principal or main Road intended to be made in pursuance of this Act shall join the said Lane called Ford Lane, and there to pass under the said Road by means of a Brick Bridge to be made by the said Trustees (the main Arch, or if more than One, the main Arches of which collectively shall be Twenty-four Feet Water-way at the least), and to join to and communicate with a certain Drain now making, called The Boundary Drain, between the Parish of Horten afore-

567

Hireling the I.’ne of Road through the Parish of Datchet,

The present Road from Datchet to SiutbJej to be repaired.

For making certainDraina.

568 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

said and the Parish of IVyrardisbury, in the said County of Buckingham-, and also another Drain of the Width of Twelve Feet at the lead, and of a Sufficient Depth from the said Brick Bridge on the upper S de of the said Hoad, to a Drain in Horton aforesaid, near a Messuage belonging to and h the Occupation of Booker Derby Esquire; and also a Drain or Ditch of the Width of Six Feet at the lead, and of a Sufficient Depth on the lower Side of the said Read, along the said Ground raised The Fleet Meadow, unto the said Drain called The Boundary Drain, for carrying off the Water into the said last-mentioned Drain.

The Road through Dat-chtt, and the Drains, to be made under the Diretf ion or an Engi« neer.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said principal or main Road, so far as the same shall pass through the Parish of Datchet aforesaid, and all'o the said Road from the West Enrl of the Village of Datchet aforrf.mt, mar the said old Bridge by or near Soulhley aforesaid, to the said pri cipal or main Road, and also the several Drains and Works hereir-before mentioned, shall be made and perfected under the Direction and with t he Approbation of John Rennie of Stamford Street in the Parish of Chriji Church, in the County of Surrey, Engineer, or in case of his Death, tf fume other Engineer to be named and appointed by the Lord or Lady of the M inor of Datchet for the Time being; and that the Roads, Drains, and Works aforesaid, and every of them, and every Part thereof, shall from Time to Time and at all Times, during the Continuance of this Act, br maintained, repaired, Icoured, cleansed, and kept in good and perfect Repair, Order, and Condition, by the said Trustees, by and out of the Monies to be collected and raised in pursuance of this Act; and that no Parish Rares or Assessments, or any Statute Duty or other Duty, or any Contribution whatsoever, shall be required within the said Parish of Datchet, of or from all or any of the Inhabitants or Owners or Occupiers of Messuages, Cottages, and Lands in the said Parish, for or in respect of any Messuages, Cottages, or Lands lying within the said Parish, for or towards the Support, Maintenance, or Repair of the said Roads, Drains, and Works herein-before mentioned, or any of them, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Qualification

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall ct Jrustees. ke capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, whilflhe holds any Place of Profit under the fame, nor in any particular Cafe wherein he shall be personally interested, nor shall any Person be qualified to act as a Trustee, unless he shall, at the Time of his acting, be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, or Receipt, of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Counties of Berks, Bucks, and Midd'.efex, or some or One of them, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person having such Estate of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate to the Amount of One thousand Pounds, nor (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation following, and giving Notice of the First Meeting of the Trustees herein-after mentioned) until he shall have taken and subscribed, before any Five or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized to administer the same, an Oath or Affirmation in the Words, or to the Effect following, as the Case may require; (that is to say).

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

569

I A.B. do swear, ['or, being One of the People called Quakers, do 0l,h*

‘ solemnly affirm] That I truly and bold fide am, in my own Right

‘ por, in the Right of my Wife] in the actual Possession and Enjoyment ‘ [or, Receipt] of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Here*

‘ uitaments, in the Counties of Berks, Bucks, and Middlesex, or some or One of them, of the clear Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes 4 [or, am possessed of, or, entitled to, a Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand Pounds] [er, am the Heir Apparent of A.B. who, to the bed of my Knowledge, is seised of a Real Estate of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Counties of Beiks, Bucks, and Middlesex, or some or One of them, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Rrpriz's.] 4 So help me GOD.’

And if any Person disqualified by any of the causes aforesaid, or not being qualified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act contrary to ihe true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His M jeffy's Courts of Record at Westmiuficr, by Action of Debt, or on tire Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Efibign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed j and the Person so prosecuted, shall prove that he is so qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, tfian that such Person hath acted as a Tiuf-tee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, That such Acts and Proceedings as shall have been done and performed by any such Person, touching the Execution of this Act, previous to his being convicted of the Offence before mentioned, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VII. Provided always, That any Mortgagee, or Assignee of any Mortgage Mortgagers or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of any of the m») Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Interest thereout for the fame,

snail nut, on that Account be deemed unqualified to act as a Truffee; and Trustees in that such Trustees as are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the th7p«°m,°y said Counties of Berks, Bucks, and Middlesex, or either of them, may a« as Justices. aft as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act within their {e-spective Disttifts notwithstanding their being Trustees.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Trustee Election of shall die or refuse to act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining New Trustee*. Trustees, by Writing under their Hands, from Time to Time to elect and appo'nt One other Person to be a Trustee in the Room or Sttad of such

Trustee so deceased or refusing to act; but Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election of new Trustees shall be given by the Clerk of the said Trustees by affixing the fame in Writing, upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act, and also by infeiting the fame in some Newspaper circulated in the Neighborhood of the said Roads, at least Ten Days before any such Meeting; and every such Person as shall from Time to Time be so chosen and appointed, is hereby vrfted with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as if such Person had been named in and appointed a Trustee by this Act.

[Lee. W Per.']

7 E

$10

T ull«es may fu<- or he filed in be Nau r of«beir Clerk.

Clerk to be repaid his Expencet.

Time and Place offirft Meetinp of the Trustees.

Trustees to

bear their ownExpences.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may lueand btf sued in the Nsmeof their Clerk or Treasurer; and that no Action which shall be brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees, cr any of them, by virtue or on Account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act or Default of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the Trustees at a Meetingto be held for that Porpufe, but the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being shall be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be.

X. Provided always, That every such Clerk or Treasurer in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to be rai'ed by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Damages, and Charges as by the Event of every such Proceeding he shall be put to or become chargeable with, by Occasion of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet at the House of George Clode, known by the Sign of the IVljile Hart, at New Windsor aforesaid, on the Second Monday after this Act shall have received the Royal Assent, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; of which Meeting Notice shall be given in fume Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood, at least Seven Days before such Meeting, by One or more of the said Trustees; at which Time and Place the said Trustees shall proceed to the Election of a Clerk, and to the Execution of this Act, and adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and afterwards meet there, or at any other Place in or near the said Roads, as the said Trustees attending the said Meetings shall think most convenient, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, or to adjourn to another Day (Two Trustees being deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only) or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, the Clerk or Clerks to the Trustees shall, by Notice in Writing to be affixed on all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected on the said Roads, and to be inserted in some Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was held, or was appointed to be held, or at some other convenient House in or near the said Roads, on that Day Three Weeks from the Day on which such Meeting was held, or was appointed to have been held j and in case the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice, or by any Means shall be prevented from giving Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting) at any Time or Times after the Space of Ten Days after such Refusal, Neglect, or Prevention of such Clerk or Clerks, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed and inserted in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the said Trustees to meet at some convenient House in or near the said Roads, upon that Day Three Weeks after the Date of such last-mentioned Notice; and that the said Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Charges and Expences:

» Provided

571

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Provided always, That no Act, Order, or Proceeding of the Trustees shall be deemed to be valid, unless done, made, or had at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, (except in Cases herein particularly provided ior)\ and that no such Act, Order, or Proceeding shall be done, made, or had, unless the Majority of the Trustees present shall concur therein; and that all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings which are hereby directed to be done, made, or had by or before the said Trustees, shall anil may be done made, or had by or before any Five or more of them, except where any other Number is hereby directed; and that all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings so done, made, or had, shall have the fame Force and Eft'eft as if the fame were done, made, or had by or before all the Trustees; nor shall any Order or Appointment made at a Meeting of the said Trustees be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Notice in Writing, specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, be affixed upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act, and also inserted as aforesaid, at least Fifteen Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of Three Fourths of the Trustees present at such Meeting shall decide in Favour of such Revocation or Alteration.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary, by any Five or more '"'r£!eri ' of the said Trustees, that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed

than that Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, the said Clerk, by an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the said Trustees, although not afitmbled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting in the Manner before directed, such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice; and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meeting shall be as valid as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Orders and Proceedings Orders amt of the said Trustees shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the

Clerk for that Purpose, and signed by all or the major Part of the Trustees in Books, and

present at the Meeting at which each respective Order or Proceeding shall

bemadeor had, or by their Chairman or Clerk by their Order; and that every such Book shall be open at all lealonable Times to the Inspection of

any of the said Trustees, who shall be at Liberty to take Copies thereof or

Extracts therefrom without Fee or Reward; which said Entries, duly

signed as aforesaid, shall be deemed Originals, and the fame, or true Copies

thereof, shall be read and admitted as Evidence in Cases of Appeal, and

in all Suits or Actions in any Court whatsoever, touching any Thing done

in pursuance of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, Trustees by Writing under their Hands, nominate and appoint One or more fit gteri'.nt Person or Persons to be Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads,

and also such other Officers as they shall think necessary to employ in the Execution of this Act, and shall take such Security for the Execution of their respective Offices as they the said Trustees shall deem requisite; and the said Trustees also may from Time to Time remove any such Clerk,

Treasurer

57* 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37,

Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer, Is they shall see Occasion, and appoint others in Cases of such Removal or of Death; and that out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, such Allowances and Compensations shall be made to the several Officers to be appointed as aforesaid, and to such other Persons as shall be adifting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to the said Trustees shall leem proper.

Officers to ac,

XV. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and all other

c.u.uon it persons yrom Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, collected, or received by virtue or in consequence of this Act, and how and to whom, and for what Purpose the fame or any Part thereof hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall verify the Accounts upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Trustees; and such Officers and Persons shall, and they are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies as, upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts, shall appear to be in their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same; and if any of the said Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to render or give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof on Oath (which Oath the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, is or are hereby authorized and empowered to administer) or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid; or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Four Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their respective Custody or Power, anywise relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Roads, and Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Refusal to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing shall be or reside, by any One or more of the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons on their Behalf, such Justice may, and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants, to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons to be brought before him, and upon his, her, or their appearing or not appearing (except for some reasonable Excuse, and having been first duly summoned) to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in afuin-mary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in such Manner as the said Trustees might have done; and if upon the Settlement of such Account or Accounts, or upon the Confession of the Officer or Officer-, Person or Persons against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if Goods or Chattels shall not be found sufficient to answer

and

573

iti° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, or if fuel) Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place by him appointed for that Purpose (except as aforesaid) or appearing shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver co the said Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truth of any such Account, or of the Articles thereof upon Oath as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver to the said Julhce.the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts re-speclively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in his, her, or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Roads in anywise, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid, the said Justice may, and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit loch Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol of the respective County or Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he, she, or they shall have delivered in and settled his, her, or their Accounts, and have verified the fame on Oath, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in his, her, or their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale as shall in that Respect have been made, or until he, she, or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the fame, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition the said Trustees are hereby in such Case empowered to make) or until he, she, or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounrs, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees: Provided always, That no Person shall be committed for Want of Efficient Distress, for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, Ab-fconding, Misbehaviour, or Absence of any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, any Five or more of the said Trustees, though not at a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and may lawfully discharge such Collector or Receiver who shall abscond, misbehave, or become incapable, or absent himself as aforesaid, and nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls in the Stead of such CollcCtoror Receiver so dying or being discharged, and to continue until the next Meeting of the Trustees; which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all Respects as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls who shall at any Time be discharged from his said Office by the Trustees, by virtue of this Act, or the Wifeor Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die, abscond, absent himself, or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse or neglect to deliver up the Possession of any Toll house or Building to be erected or set up by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Four Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Wrjting given or left on the Premises for that Purpose, by or under the Hands of any Three or more of the said Trustees, or their Clerk or Treasurer, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace’ for the County in which such Toll House {Lac. 6? Ptr.~] 7 F or

Trustees to appoint tern* porary Collectors.

574-

Power toereft T urnpiket and I oil Houses.

Tolls to be taken.

Manner of

Recovery.

4r GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

or Building shall be, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal of Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer within the said County, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day Time, and to remove the Person and Persons who shall be found therein, and the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any of them, or their Clerk, or their new appointed Officer, into the Possession thereof, with the Appurtenances.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may ererst and set of, or caute to be erected and set up, One or more Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in, upon, and across the said Hoads, (excepc as herein after mentioned); and also may erect and fee up. or cause to be creded and set up, across or on the Sides or Side of any Part or the said Roads, where any Highway joins or meets the fame, as many Side Gates or Turnpikes as they, or any Nine or more of them, shall think proper, with a Toll House, and proper necessapy Buildings, Gardens, Conven encts, and Fences, near to each such Gate or Turnpike, whether acroL the said R acts or on the Side thereof, (except also as herein-after mentioned}-, and that the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time appoint, at each of the said Gates or Turnpikes, of the Person or Perfms passing with or attending any Horse or Horses, Beast or Beads, Cattle, or Carriage or Carriages, before the same shall be permitted topafs through such Gate or Turnpike; (that is to say),

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Soles of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, the Sum of Four-pence, and of less Breadth than Six Inches the Sum of Sixpence; for every Horse or ocher Beast drawing any Coach, Chaile, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence; for every Horse or other Beast of Burthen, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: and

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five, pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken as a Toll; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the same, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said 1 oils, by himself, herself, or themselves, or tf.king such Assistance as he, she, or they shall think necessary (and which Assistance all Persons are hereby required to give if called upon) to seize and distrain any Horse or Horses, or other Beasts or Cattle, upon which such Tollis by tthis Actimposed, together with their Bridles, Saddles, Geers, Hamels, or Accoutrements, or their Loading, or to flop, seize, and distrain any Carriage, with its Loading, drawn by such Horse or Horses, or other Beads-or Cattle; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining shall and may fell the Horse or Horses, Cattle, Carriage, or Things so seized or distrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning

the

575

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

the Overplus (if any be) and what shall remain Unfold, on Demand, to the Owner thereof, after I'uch Tolls, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by Inch Seizure and Distress shall be deduced and paid; and that all the Tolls and Monies so to be collected and levied, and the Money borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, and all other Monies arising by virtue hereof, shall be and are hereby vetted in the said Trustees, and shall be paid, applied, and disposed of to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in such Manner as is herein mentioned,

XVIII. Provided always nevert'neless, and be it further enacted, That NoToN Gates it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to erect any Toll Gate or Toll within "thrpa. Gates. Turnpike or Turnpikes whatsoever, within the Parish of Neva rjthw of Windsor, or the Parish of Datchet aforesaid; any Tiling herein contained alulnT

to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute

shall happen about the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping to benfftt!ed' any Distress or Distresses, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person tya justice. distraming to retain the fame, or the Money arising by Sale thereof, as the Case may happen, until the Quantity of Tolls due, and Charges of feiz* ing, distraioing, keeping, and felling such Distress or Distresses shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the respective Counties, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose shall examine the said Matter on Oath of the Parties, or any credible Wimefs or Witnesses, and determine the Quantity of the Tolls due, and assess the Charges of such Seizure,

Distreis, Keeping, and Sale, and also of the Collector's Attendance for that!

Purpose on the said Justice; all which Sums so cetermined or assessed shall be p.ud to the said Collector or other Person, before he shall be obliged to return any Distress, or the Overplus Money, after the Sale thereof, or of any Parr thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Colieflors of Legation shall a rife, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, or

any of them, or to the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, the Person or Persons appointed to collect- the said Tolls, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be and are hereby declared- to be competent1 so give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation,

f XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Collector or Receiver of the Coibaors of Tolls on the said first-mentioned Road shall and ii hereby required to place ,1°! Put his Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in white Letters on a black on the f ront Ground, in fair legible Characters, of such Size as the said' Trustees shall' Toil direct, in the Front of the Toll House where he shall be stationed to col- ou e' lect the said Tolls, immediately upon his coming on Duty, and shall comi-_>ntie the fame so placed during the whole Time he (Ira 11 be upon such Duty; and if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid in the Manner and during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater Toll from any Person than he strall be authorized to do by virtue of this Act, or shall refuse to permit or fusses, or in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname when placed up as aforesaid, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the fame upon having paid the said

lolls,

57^ 41*5 GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Toils, Or shall give a false Name upon such Demand, eveiv such Collector or Receiver shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds not less than Forty Shillings for every such Offence: Provided always, That if any Person atculed ot offending as aforesaid shall abscond or secretc himself, so as not to be found at the said Toll Gates to answer to such Charge, the Lessee or Person contracting with the Trustees for the Receipt of the lolls shall, upon Notice, be bound to appear to such Charge as aforesaid, and upon Proof of the hid Offence be subjccc to the same Penalties as would have been inflicted on the Person offending in Manner aforesaid.

Application of

XXII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies to be received the Money, by virtue, or to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, the said Trustees shall first pay and discharge the Expences of procuring and passing this Act; and the Remainder of such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied in erecting Toll Gates or Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, and in making, repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads and Works, and in defraying the necessary Expences aitending the Execution of this Act, and in paying the Interest and Principal of any Money to be borrowed by virtue hereof, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Tolls tobe

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who jb!r*affin°and ^avc Pai<^ Toll *or Pa^nS through any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be rtpafling?an cre&ed by virtue of this Act, shall be subject to any Toll for returning through such Toll Gate or Turnpike the same Day, or before Twelve of the Clock at Night of the same Day, with the fame Horle or Horses, Cattle or Carriage, but shall return Toll-free (except such Waggons, Carts, Caravans, Timber Carriages, or other Carriages, as shall pals or repass through any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes, laden with any Loading of the Weight of Three hundred Pounds or upwards, of Six Score to the Hundred, and shall return the same Day, a]so laden with any Loading of the Weight of Three hundred Pounds or upwards as aforesaid} and also except such Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calashes with Four Wheels, Chaise-Marines, Diligences, Chaises with Four Wheels, or Caravans, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, as shall be kept or used by or for any Person or Persons as publick Stage Coaches or Stage Carriages, for carrying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places-, all which said Carriages, and the Cattle drawing the fame, shall be liable to the Payment of Tolls for returning through any such Toll Gate or Turnpike) on delivering a Ticket to the Collector of the Tolls at such respective Turnpikes; which Ticket such Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Toll.

rouble Tolls

XXIV. Provided also, That no Person who shall have paid Toll for the taken* passing of any Cattle or Carriage through any One of such Toll Gates or Turnpikes, shall be subject or liable the same Day to the Payment of any Toll at the other or others of such Toll Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid, upon producing a Ticket denoting such Payment at such other Toll Gate or Turnpike; all which Tickets the Collector of the Tolls at the respective Toll Gates or Turnpikes are hereby required to deliver gratis upon Payment of such Toll.

’3

XXV. Mi

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose (whereof Twenty Days Notice shall be fixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act) may, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to reduce all or any of ffie laid Tolls hereby granted, and to order such Tolls so reduced to be collected and received in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions as they shal] think fit, so as such Reduction be no Prejudice to, and be with the Consent of Three Fourth Parts in Value of the several Persons who ffcail be entitled to the Money then due on the Credit of the said Tolls at the Time of such Reduction; and the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered to raise the said Tolls again, or any Part thereof, foas the fame do not exceed the respective Rates herein-before granted; and such Tolls, so reduced and raised again respectively, shall be collected, recovered, and applied in the same Manner as the Tolls herein-before granted are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to compound, for any Term not exceeding One Year at a Time, with any Person or Persons, for any Carriages, Horses, Beasts, or Cattle travelling on the said first-mentioned Road, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Carriages, Horses, Beasts, or Cattle; and all such Composition Money shall be p id in Advance Quarterly or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall appoint, and in Default thereof the Composition shall be void.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall dispose or offer to dispose of any Ticket to any Person or Persons in ord? r to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, every such Person or Persons so offering or disposing of such Ticket, and the Person or Persons receiving and making use of the fame, shall respectively forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied cowards the Purposes of this Act.

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Toll shall be demanded or raken for any of the Cattle, Coaches, or or her Carriages belonging to Their Majesties, or their Royal Highnrfies the Prince and Prmcefs of Wales, or any of the Royal Family, or for any of the Horses of His Majesty's Guards, or Coaches or Carriages attending Their Majesties nr any of the Royal Family, or Coaches or Carriages use I by Then Majesties Masters of the Horse respectively, or the Equerry in Waiting on His Majesty, in virtue of their respective Offices, or for any Cattle or Carriages laden only with Stone, Brick, Gravel, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Roads, or for repairing the High.', ays In any Parithor Places through which any Part of the said Roads lead; or laden only with Dung, Marie, Soil, Mould, Compost, or other Manure, of what Nature or Kind soever, to be ufod in manuring or improving of Land; or for any Cattle or Carriage laden only with Hay, Hay Grass, Sanfoin, Fodder, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, to be laid up in any t f the Hqufes, Out Moults, Barns, Yard?, or other Places belonging to the Inhabitants in any of the said Parishes or Places (except Carts or Carriages laden wi h Hay or Straw for Sale); or drawing or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or ether Implements of Husbandry belonging to any of the said Inhabitants, passing in order to the using or repairing of the fame; or for any Cattle or Carriages going empty and unladen to be employed only, or returning

[L«r. fa* Ffr.J n Q empty

577

Trustees may

leHern the Tolls, and raise them again if necessary.

Trustees may compound.

Tenuity for

d ipoling of TicfccU to

avoid the

Tolls.

Exemptions from Tolls.

57* 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

empty and unladen after having been employed only in any Manner as aforesaid; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate going to or returning from his own Parish Church, or other P'ace of Divine Worship, or visiting his Tick Parishioners; or of or from any Person or Persons in any of the said Parishes or Places, for passing through any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes, on Sundays, or on any other Dayan which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, to or from his, her, or their respective Parish Church or other usual Place of Religious Worship licenced according to Law, for the Purpose of attending or after having attended Divine Service therear; or ft r any Cattle or Carriage conveying the Corpse or attending the Funeral of any Person to be interred in any of the said Parishes or Places; or for any Cattle belonging ro any of the said Inhabitants which shall be only going toorretur ting from Pasture or Water, or for any Cattle or Carriage belonging to any Inhabitant of any Parish or Place wherein any such Toil Gate or Turnpike shall be erected, which shall be only passing to the Smith’s Shop in order to be shoed or farried, or for the Return of any such Cattle or Carriage unladen; or for any Horses or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding Mails of Letters and Exprtffes under the Authority of His Majesty's Poumaster General, or in returning back from conveying or guarding the fame; or for the Horses of Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for Cattle or Carriages attending them, or laden only with their Arms or Baggage; or for Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by PafTes; nor for any Coaches, Berlins. Landaus, Chariots, Calathes, Chaises, Chairs, or other Carriages, or Passengers on Horseback. going to or returning from any Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for either of the Counties of Berks, Buds, or Middlesex, on the Day or Days of such respective Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Ele&ion shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefic of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, from the Whole or any Part of the several Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, not being entitled to the fame, such Person, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

Uom tube*

XXIX. Provided neverthehfs, That no Person shall have or be entitled to taken for nar- any Exemption from Toll as aforesaid, for or in respect of any Waggon, Waggoas and Cart, or other such Carriage, having at the Time of using thereof Wheels Cam. of less Breadth than Six Inches on the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies thereof, and upon which the Tire doth not lie flat, or so as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, or shall not have the Nails counterfunk, foas not to rife above the Surface; or for or in respect of any other Cart or other Carriage, which, together with the Loading thereof, shall be of greater Weight than is allowed by the Act made in the Thirteenth Ye.ir of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into Cne Act of Parliament the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for ether Purposes, to Waggons, Carts, and Carriages of the same Kind respectively, and laden with such Goods as do not exempt the fame from the additional Tolls hereby impofrd; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cider all such \\ aggons Carts, or other Carriages to be weighed, in like Manner and with the lame Powets and Authorities as are r ireeled for the weighing of Cariiagts by the said Act made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting whereof Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given in Writing affixed upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then ert&ed by virtue of this Act, and inserted in fomc New spaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to let and demile, or agree to let and dtfmife, the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Pairs thereof, for any Term not exceeding Five Years, upon publi k Bidding, to the highest Bidder, and for the belt Price that can be gotten f. r the fame, payable at such Times and to such Person or Persons, and under such Conditions and Agreements, and with such Sureties for the Payment thereof, as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit; and the Money aiifing the reby shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls so leased are directed to be applied; any Thing in any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trullees, or any Seven or more of them, at any such Metting after such Notice, to let to farm, either with or without the Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken, the additional Tolls or Duties granted and made payable by virtue of the said recited Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for every One hundred Weight of One hundred a d twelve Pounds to the Hundred, which any Waggon, Cart, or Caniage, together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh at any of the Weighing Engines to be ereefed on the said fuss-mentioned Road, over and above the Weight allowed by Law, provided that the said additional Tolls be let in the same Manner as the Tolls arising at the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes are by this Act directed or prescribed to be let.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said several and respective Tolls shall at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of this Act, be demiled or let to farm to any Person or Persons whomfuevtr, and the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be lo clemifed or let, or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to br paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, shall be in Arrear by the Space of Ten Days next after any of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid, pursuant to the Agreement for letting the fame, then and in either of those Cases the said Trustees, of any Three or more of them, although not assembled at a Meeting, or their Clerk or Treasurer, or other Prrlon authorized by Writing under the Hands of any Three or mote of them as afuie-said, shall be at Liberty, and they are hereby authorized to enter into and upon the Poffrffion of the Toll House or Toll Houses, with the buildings. Gates, and Appurtenances rhereto belonging, so let as aforesaid, and to remove and put out such L.efitc or Lessees, Farmer or Farm. rs, from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of the Tolls there payable; and that thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trullees (1 they shall think fit) to vacate and determine the Contract or Agreement for leafing or letting the said T olls to such Lessee or Lrftees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall be utterly void, to all Intents and s (save as to the Covenants or Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby relayed) as if such Demile or Agreement had never been made; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, ki every such Case to demise or let to farm the said Tolls again

to

579

Trustees may let the Tolls.

For letting

Weighing

Engines.

Enabling the Tmltces to take I'oircilion ot Tou iloules when let to farm*

580

Penalty on permitting Persons to go through private Grounds.

Power to remove Gates.

Trustees may remove the Turnpikes and Toll Houses.

Turnpikes and loll Houses veiled in Trustees.

Truster« enabled to borrow Money on the Credit of tie iolls.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37*

to any Other Person or Persons, or cause them to be taken and eollffted as if no former Contract or Agreement had been entered into relative thereto.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons owning or occupying any Land or Place near to the said hrft-mencioned Road, shall knowingly permit or suffer any PeTon or Persons to j afs through any Gate, Paflige, Inclosure, or private Wav, with any Horse, Cartle, or Carriage; or if any Person or Persons shall pass through any such Gate, Passage, Inclosure, or private "Way, with any Horse, Cattle* or Carriage whereby the Payment of any of the said l olls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall takeoff or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Cattle from any Carriage, with an Intent to avoid paying any of the said Tolls, or any Part rheteof, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near the said Roads any Cartle or Carriage as aforesaid, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor leis than Forty Shillings.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to take down and rerun e any Toll Gate or Turnpike, Buildings, and other Conveniences eiected r provided by virtue of this Act, and to discontinue or to let up the fame again in or on the Side of any other Part of the said Roads, except in the said Parish of Datchtt.

XXXV. Provided nevertheless, That no Toll Gate or Turnpike tn he erected or fer up by virtue of this Act, shall ac any Time after the lame shall be so lee up, be taken down or removed to any other Place, except by Order of the said Trustees, at a Meeting convened for that Purpose, and unless Notice in Writing, specifying the Purpose of such Meeting, be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act, and all'o inferred in some Newspaper circulated in the Neiehbaurhood of the said Roads Twenty-one Days at least before such Meeting; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all the said Toll Gates, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, and other Buildings to beeredled or provided upon, at the Side of, or ne«r the said first-mentionrd Road, and of the Materials for building or altering the fame respectively, and all Materials Pools, and other Things which shall be provided, collected, or made use of for making, repairing, or improving the said Roads, or for executing this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring Actions in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or of their Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, or to prefer Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take away, or damage any of such Toll Gates, Turnpikes, Toll Houses, or other Buildings, Materials, Tools, or other Things as aforesaid, or disturb the said Tr. ft es, or any of them, or any of their Collectors, or other Officers, in the Pofli ffion thereof, or of any of them.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at any Meeting to be held fox that Purpose, whereof Twenty Days Notice shall be

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 2,7- 58

be given in Writing to be affixed upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Att, and inferred in iome New (paper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, may, and they are hereby empowered tram Time to Time, by any Writing or Inltrumenc under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage the Tolls to be collected and levied at any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes, or any Part thereof respectively, and also the said respective Toll Houses and Appurtenances (the Charges of aligning and mortgaging the lame to be paid out of such Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed by the said Trustees, upon the Credit of such respective Tolls, to such Person or Persons, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance and lend the fame, to secure the Re-payment thweof, with such interest as the said Trustees shall think proper; which said Money so borrowed, shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as the Tolls are herein directed to be applied and disposed of; and that such Mortgage or Mortgages, or Alignments, may be in the Form following, or in such other Form as the said Trustees making the same shall think proper.

‘ |}Y virtue of an Act made in the Forty-first Year of His Majesty Form of ‘ King George the Third, intituled, [Jicre insert the Title of this Ai?] Mortage.

‘ We, Five of the Trustees for executing the said Act, in Consideration

of the Sum of to the Treasurer of the fa'd

4 Roads in Hand paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and demise, unto A. B.

his Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising from the said first mentioned Road, and of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum due and owing on the Credit thereof,

to be had and holden from this Day of

in the Year of our Lord for and during the Conti-

nuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with

4 Interest at the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner

paid and satisfied.’

And Copies of such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees; and which said Book or Books shall and may at all fealonable Times be pe-rufed and inspected by the said Trustees or Mortgagee^or any Person or (

Persons on their Behalf, without Fee or Reward; and t*Very Person to whom any Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time transfer his or her Right, Title, Interest, or Brnefit to the said Mortgage, and the Principal and Inrereft thereby secured, to any other Person or Persons whomsoever, by indorsement on the Back of such Security, or by any other Writing under his or her HandT before One credible Witness, in the following Words, or Words to the like Eftedl; videlicet,

T DO transfer this Mortgage, [or, a certain Mortgage, as the Case may be~] with all my Right and Title to the Principal thereby secured,

and to all Interest now due upon the fame, unto

4 Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of

4 A. b:

7 H

[Lee. id Per.~\

Which

5^2

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer within Twenty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein transferred, for which the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid such Sum as the said 1 rustees shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer tnc fame again, and so tot es quo tes \ but in calc any Sum or Sums of Money so to be transferred shall not exceed the Sum of Ffty Pounds, it shall be lawful for the respective P ifons entitled thereto, by an indorsement of his, her, or their Name or Names, without Witness, to transfer hi«, her, or their Property therein to any other Pcfon or Persons, without an Entry being made thereof in Manner aforesaid; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except such to whom the same shall be last transferred) to make void, release, or difharge the original Securities, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be made by virtue of this Act, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned, Creditors on the Tolls by 'his Act granted in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of the Time of advancing any Sum or Sums of Money on such Mortgages or Mortgage, or of the Dates thereof respectively.

Trustees *o

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees are hereby alter am! di- fully empowered, as they shall think proper, to make, and from Time to »ertilicllvads. divert, widen, turn, shorten, vary, or alter the Course or Path of

any Parc-or Parts of the Roads hereby directed to be made (save and except in the said Parish of Datchet), and that the said Roads, or any Alteration, Diversion, Variation, or Widening thereof thereafter, may be made through any Common or Waste Ground without making any Satisfaction for the same, and through any private or inclosed Lands or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may sustain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees‘to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Lots or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, or changing the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through Bodies Puli such Lands and Hereditaments; and that it shall be lawful for all Bodies powered toPolitick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate fell. or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, and other Trustees whatl'oever, not only for or on Behalf ot ihcm'.elves, their Heirs and Successors refijectively, but also for and on Behalf of Infants, Femes Covert, and Cestuique Trusts, and all other Persons v/homsoever, to contract and agree with the said Trustees for the Sale of such Lands and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, for the Purposes of this Act, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be or require; and all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith-4 (landing;

583

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Handing; and that all Persons shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or any such Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, Hufbinds, Guardians, or any other Person or Persons as aforesaid, inrertlled in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical, or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands and Hereditaments intended to be taken in and added to any Part of the said Roads, or through which the said Roads are to be made, diverted, or varied as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of Ten Dass after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, rxgledt or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then in every or any such Case the said Trustees shall cause it to be enquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the respective Countie^ (which Oaths any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administrr) what Damage will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested, for or on account of the taking of such Lands or Hereditaments into the said Roads, or of making, widening, diverting, or changing the said Roads through the fame, and Ten Days Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting of such Jury shall be given in Manner aforesaid 5 and the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time to summorf before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined concerning the Premises (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer) and they the said Trustees are hereby further empowered to order and dirctft the said Jury to view the Places in Question, with or without Shewers, at the Will of the Parties; and after the said Jury shall have so enquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damage and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall order, adjudge, and direct the Sum or Sums of Money which shall befoafiefled by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners or Proprietors of or Person or Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgement or Determination so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, again!! all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Femes Covert, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Aggiegate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever, and against all and every such Owners and Proprietors; and all and every Person and Persons anyways interested in such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, excluded and diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property, of, into, or out of the same.

When Owner* of Lands refute to treat*

Damage and

Recompence to he fr' tied fcy Jury.

Witnesse* to be examined on Oath.

Verdict of Jury to be final.

5«4 ‘ 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Wan-an^sh-

XL. And be it further enacted, That for the summoning and rrturn-iitf to impan/ing such Jury or Juries, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue nel a jury. out \Varrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County where the relpecuvc Premises may be, thereby commanding him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Trustees, at litch Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return Twenty-four such Persons as aforesaid, and out of the Persons so impannelled and returned, or out of such of them as shall appc.r upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear or cause to be (worn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purpul'e af re said; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Juror* may he Twelve , and that the said Trustees, and all Persons interested, shall and Sheriff have r^:cir lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; and that »«d Jury fined the said Trustees acting in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to fur Default- Time to impo c any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, this Deputy or Depu.ies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the P ernifes, and on any or the Persons who being summoned and returned on such Jury shall not appear (except for some reasonable Excule) or appearing shall rctufe to be sworn or the said Jury, or being sworn shall refute to give or shall not give his or their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his orthei Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any Person or Persons who, being summoned to give Lvi-\ deuce before the said Ju y as aforesaid, touching the Premises, shall not artend (except for some reasonable Excuse) or attending shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence touching the fame, so that no such Fine exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any Person for One Offence.

Money a'low

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of e-VlJowTo'be Money or Recompence to be agreed for or afeertaired as aforesaid, shall charged and be and is and are hereby charged upon the said Tolls, or upon the tendered. Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of such Toils, and shall be paid thereout accordingly, either into the Bank of England, or to the Persons rel’peftively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, Trustees, or others, as Mm°vgnnhe here'n‘a'tcr mentioned, and as the Case may require; and that upon deled 1 emit Payment thereof as aforesaid, and in case of Refusal to accept the fame, accepted, the upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Clerk for the Time being of Did Co the bC the Did Trustees, furtheUfeof such Persons, it shall be lawful for the Roads. said Trustees, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, to enter into or upon, and to make the said Roads, or take or add to the said Roads such Lands or Hereditaments, and to do all and every such Act, Matter, and Thing, in relation to such Lands and Hereditaments, as the said Trustees shall think proper; and the said Roads, when made, and Lands and Hereditaments so added to, taken in, or made Pait of the said Roads as aforesaid, shall be fenced from the adjoining Lands by the said Trustees, and shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of the said Roads hereby directed to be made and repaired for ever thereafter, and shall to all Intents and Purposes be a publick and common Flighway, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means as the said Roads ought by Law to be repaired; and after any Part of the Roads which shall be varied, turned,

or

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37. 585

or altered, shall be completed, the Lands or Grounds roodiluting the old or former Hoad (unless leading over feme Common or Waft'- Ground, or to (ome Village, Town, or Place to which fuel) new Roads do n <t lead) shall be vested in the said TruflceSj and shall and may be (old and conveyed by the said Trustees, for the bed Pr it that can be go ten for the fame, or may be exchanged for other Lands uled for the Purposes of this Act, Rnd the Money arising byluch Sale shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; provided, that in all Gifts the Preference shall be gi^en and allowed to the Pioprictors of the adjoining Lands, if they or either of them i hoofe to treat for the fame; ai.d in case they shall be dif-satisfied with the Terms offered by the said Trustees, the 1) tferenee may be adjusted and determined by Two Persons, One to be appointed by each Party; and in case the said Proprietors do not within Twenty Days arquiclce in such Determination, or do not appoint a Person on their Behalf as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sell or exchange the Lands in Question, to or with any Person or Persons whomsoever; and all Deeds of Exchange or Conveyance executed by the said Trustees, and inrolled with the (^lerk of the Peace for the respective County, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes. '

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in How die Ex-and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as a Recompence jbj'ub'e^lid!7 for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Lo s or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, before the summoning- and returning of the Jury, as a Recompence or Sat sfaftimi for any such Right Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then a d in such Case the lull Costs and Expences of luinmon n and m. ntaining the Jury and Witnyms, and all ether Expences attending t e ieann« and determining of lueh Difference, shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, out of the Money to arile by virtue of this Act; but it such Jury fh 1 give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for Jcis Money than shall hive been agreed to and off red by the said Trustees, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any fuel) Right, Interest, or Property, or Lois or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expences of summoning and maintain! g the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining such Difference, shall be paid and borne by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dilpuce; which said Costs and Expences, having been aferrtained and settled by the Matter of His Majtlly’s Court of King’s Bench, or any One of the Prothonotaries of His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame) shall and may be deducted out of the Money lo . fleffed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so aflelied ..nd adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being lo ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the Trustees, in and b such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for Recovery [Etc. S’ Per.] 7 1 of

586

Persons being absent to be charged with One Half the Exp* nee.

Application ot Co:i!ptn-fariou, where exe-reJing ioo/.

Application where the Compensation does i ot exceed too/, nor ieif than a©/.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, That in Cases where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating with the Paid Trustees, One Half of such Colts and Expences shall be deducted out of the Puchase Money, and the other Half shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed cr awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, heme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, cr Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as in this Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lauds or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invtfted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upen such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settltd or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, anti capable of taking Effeift; and in the' mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be in veiled by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time bting have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame

58 7

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be piid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-beforedirested, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the likeOption, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-beforedirested, so far as the Calc be applicable, without obtaining, or be ng required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, ]e(-s

shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame thamo/. shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That Trustees not the Power and Authority given to the said Trustees as aforesaid, shall not pull down extend to the pulling down of any Dwdling-House or other Building, or Hoacl’ "f-taking in the Scite of any House or other Building, or any Part thereof, or to thetaking in of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted V(alk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and fit apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Fart thereof, respectively, without the Consent of the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and the fivcral Persons interested therein respectively, other than and except so much of a certain Piece of Land in the said Parish of Horton lately Part of a Common or Wade but now planted with Trees, and the Property of John Tupp Esquire, and lately purchased by him of IViliam Thur bin, as shall be rectfLry for the making and repairing the Drain herein-before dirtfted to be made from the Village of Hatchet aforesaid to the Boundary Drain of the said Parish of Horton: Provided nevertheless, That in case it shall appear to the said Trustees that the said Drain can be carried with equal Benefit to the Publick on the Southern and Western Boundaries of the Land of the said John Tupp, that then and in such Ca e they shall not diieft the said Drain to be carried across the Land of the said John Tupp, but that if it shall appear necessary to cut a frefti Drain through the Land of the said John Tupp, in order to form a Communication with the o'd Watercourse running on the Southern Boundary of the Land of the said John Tupp, that then such Drain shall be made in the narrowed Part of the Land of the said John Tupp; any Thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

588

Persons ebargeab’e to the Highways to continue so, except tie.

Trustee* direa a List ot Pei foin liable to Statute Work, to be givett hv Surveyors of Highways.

Penalty on not

performing Statute Work.

Proportion of Statute Duly to be afeer-tamed by J uf-ticei.

41° GEORGII III. Caff, 37.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who are by Law obliged to do S'atute Work, or are chargeable towards amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall ft 11 remain liable and chargeable, and do their relprdiive Works in ti e P.uiftns or Places in which the said Roads do or shall lie (except in the Parish of Dalcte:') in such Manner as such Persons ought by Law to do; ad that it shall be lawful for the said Tuihees, by their Surveyor or Surveyors, or lor any 'J wo Justices of the Peace, to summon the Surveyors of the Highways for the respective Parithrj or Places wherein any Part of the said Roads do or shall lie (except for the said Parish of Dald'tt) to bong in Writing brtore the said Trustees upon Oath, within Ten Days of such Summons (which Oath the said Trustees or any One or more of them, are and is hereby tmpuwtrrd to admiryifter) a I, ft of the Names of every Person who within such Parishes or Places respectively are by Law obliged to do their Statute Work towards repairing the Roads in any of the said Parishes or Places tefpeft-ivei , for that Year, with Teams and Draughts, or as Labourers only, as also the Number of Days Work which each Person ought to do on the said Roads; out of which Lift the said Trustees shall and may appoint and order so many Persons to do their Statute Work on the Roads dittoed by this Act to be made and repaired as they shall think reasonable, and not exceeding Four Days Work { which said Statute Work shall be done by such Pci Ions, at such Times, in such Manner, and in such Parts of the said Roads, within such respective Parishes and Places, as the said 1 rustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time direct and appoint and the said Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Parish or Place for the Time being, within Seven Days alter Notice shall be given to him or them n Writing by the said Tru.iees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, of the d ime when, and how many of the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid, he or they would have to do their respective Statute Work so direct d and appointed as aforesaid, in or upon any Part or Paris of the said Roads, shall summon or give Notice thereof to the said several Persons so chargeable as aforesaid; and if any Person shall, after such Summons or Notice, neglect or refule to do such Statute Woik, every such Pction, !or each Day he shall make Default, shall forleit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings nor less than Eight Shillings for each Team or Draught; and every Pci Ion liable to Labourer’s Duty only, any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence nor leis than One Shilling and Sixpence; and if any Person or Persons shall be found idle or negligent in the Performance of Inch Statute Work, the Turnpike Surveyor may and he is hereby itquired to discharge such Person, and it shall be deemed as if such Pci (on, or such Teams or Draughts, had not come or been sent to Woik; and every such Person, or the Owner of such Team or Draught, shall be liable to such respective Penalties as aforesaid; and in case any of the said Surveyots of the Highways for such Parishes or Places respectively shall neglect orrefufe to di as they are hereby required and directed, every such Surveyor shall, for each Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds.

XLVIII. And, for preventing Differences between the said Trustees and the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of the several Parishes or Places through which the said Roads hertby directed to be made, do or shall lead, (except the said Parish of Datchet) touching what Proportion of the Statute Duty in any such Parishes or Places ought to be done on the said Roads; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any

5^9

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

any Two of more of the Justices of the Peace for the respective County, at any Special Sessions to be holden within the Division where the said Roads door shall iie, upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by the Surveyors of the Highway*, within the re-speclive Panlhcsor Places within which such Roads do or shall lie, (except as aforesaid) to adjudge and determine wh.it Part or Proportion of the Statute Wo*k shall be done on the said Roads by and in tuch and every of the Panfries and Pieces aforesaid.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the fuel Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, by and with the Consent of the Inhabitants of such Parishes or Places respectively Brft had at any Vestry or other publitk Meeting of such Inhabitants, who shall be summoned together for that Purpol’e, to compound and agree from Time to Time with the said Trustrcs, for a cert in Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, in lieu of the Statute Work to be perfoimed by such respective Inhabitants upon any Part of the said Roads; and in case such Compofuion Money shall not be paid to the said Trustee*, or to such other Person a* they shall appoint to receive the lame, within Fiftren Days after the same shall be due and demanded, it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Pcare lor the respective C unties, upon Oath made before him or them of such Default (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to admi-pifter) and he or they is and are hereby required to issue a Warrant under hs or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, empowering such Person so be the said Trustees appointed to receive Inch Lempoikion Money, to levy the same by Distref. of the Goods and C hands of the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons who shall have made such Com-politi in as aforesaid, and such Gouds and Chattels so distrained, afier the Space of Four Days (such Cotnpofkion Money, and the reasonable Charges of distraining and keeping the lam:- not being pai,) to lell, returning the Overplus (it any) to the Oaner or Owners thereof, upon Demand, after the Composition Money, and all reason.ible Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be deduced; which Compofuion Money shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and such Surveyor* and ciher Persons by whom such Composition shall be made on the Behalf of any Parish or Place as aforesaid, shall be reimbursed such Composition Money in such Manner as Surveyor* of the Highways are by the Laws in being to be reimbursed the Monies expended by them in buying Materials for repairing Highways.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at a Meeting to be held, whereof Notice in Writing, specifying the Time and Place, and the Purpose for which such Meeting is intended to be held, shall be affixed upon the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then crested by virtue of this Act, and inferred in some Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, at lead Fourteen Days previous to the Time when such Meeting is appointed to be held, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, when and as ofeen as they shall think fit and necessary, to direct Indictments to be preferred and prosecuted at the Expen. e of the Revenues arising by virtue of this Act, against the Inhabitants of all or any of the Parishes or Places through which the said Roads door shall pass, and against the Hundred liable to repair Bridges, who shall have neglected or retufed respectively to repair the same.

[LoctfJV.] 7 K

Tntflees may compound for StatuleWork.

R'covery of Co npoliiion Money.

Trustees may direct t role-cutions at the Expence of the Tolls.

590

Surveyor* may r move Annoy mccB, tur-» Water-coursei, (£c.

This A*> not to invalidate an ' *rder

made by the Quarter Session on an Appeal against the Order of the Comtrif f»oners under the Horton Inclosuie Ad.

Surveyors may make Cause-

making Satisfaction for the same.

4i°GEC)RGii ill. Cap'ft.*

LT. And be it further enacted, That it fha.11 be lawful for the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surv yors, and such Persons as he or they shall dirt ft or appoint, (fu> h Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order from the said Trustets for that Purp >fe) ro remove and prevent all Annoyances <m any Part of the said Roads, by Filth, Dung, Asses, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains running into, along, and out of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, and cleanse any Watercourses and Dtrchts adjoining ter the said Roads, and make the same as deep and as large as he or they shall think proper and necessary, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bullies growing in the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjoining thereto, and within Ten Yards of the Centre thereof (except in the said Parish of Datchet), and to take and carry away the fame, in case the Owner or Owners of the Preimfts shall neglect to remove the fame, or cut down, lop, or top, and carry away such Trees or Bullies as aforesaid, or to open, scour, or cle.mfe such Watercourses or Ditches, or to remove such other Annoyances for the Space of Ten Days nexc after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose under the Hand or Hands of such Surveyor or Surveyors; and the Charges thereof (to te settled by the said Trustees) shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owner or Owners, and the same shall be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be recovered; and if after Removal of any of the said Annoyances any Person shall again offend in the like Kind, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall in any Manner extend or be construed to extend to set afideor render invalid any Order of Quarter St ffions which may have been made in consequence of any Appeal against any Order of the Commissioners appoinred under an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pajiures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Horton in the County of Buckingham.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, by Order of the said Trustees, to make or cause to be made Footways or causeways in and upon or by the Side of the said Roads, and to erect, support, and repair Arches and Watercourses upon or under the said Roads, contiguous and advantageous thereto, and also to cut and make any other Drains through any Lands lying contiguous ro’the said Roads (except in the said Parish of Dalchet) and also to make or cause to be mafe a Road through the Grounds adjoining any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Roads (not being the Ground whereon any House or Houses or other Buildings stand, or a Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees) to be made use of by all Passengers, Cattle, Carriages, and otherwise as a Publick Highway, whilst the old, narrow, or ruinous Road is widening or repairing, and till it shall be convenient and safe for Passengers and Carriages to pals thereon, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds respectively wherein or whereon any such Works shall bs done, for the Damages which such Owners and Occupiers respectively shall

41® GEORGII 'III. CApl 37. 591

shall or may (uftain thereby, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; and in case of any Difference concerning the same between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Trustees, that then it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, assembhd at the ntxt General Quarter Sessions for the County in which such Grounds respectively shall be, or at their Second Quarter Sessions at the furthest, to icttlr, adjudge, and determine what Recompence shall be made to such Owners and Occupies for the Damage they shall havesustained as aforesaid; which Determination shall be final.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall Gravel. *e*c\ appoint, to search for, dig, gather, and take away any Gravel, Fuize, £ Waste Heath, Sand, Stones, or other Materials for making or repairing the said without pay Roads, in and out of any River or Brook, or out of any Waste or Com- j'>s folj <!>c mon Grounds, in any Parish or Place in or near which any Part of the said Roads shall lie, (except in the said Parish of Dutcbet), without paying tic.-. any Thing for such Materials, such Surveyor or Surveyors levelling or causing to be levelled all such Holes and Pits, or otherwise causing the same to be raised or fenced off, where or from whence any such Mate-tials shall be digged, gathered, or taken away, in such Manner as that the same shall not be dangerous to any Cattle or Travellers whatsoever, and paying fur the Damages done by Landing, and fur going over or through any Lands, Grounds, or private Lanes or Roads for or with such Materials, to be ascertained as herein-after mentioned; and also that it shall or

be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he Grounds by or they shall appoint (such Surveyor or Surveyors first hay ing an Order in xrua'ewon Writing from the said Trustees for that Purpose) to feaich for, dig, gather, paying for and take away (except in the said Parish of Datcbei') such Materials in and th,: li, ne out of the several Grounds of any Person or Persons (not being a Garden,

Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock, or planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue

to a House, or any Piece of Ground inclosed, planted, and let apart as a

Nursery for Trees) paying such Rates lor fuili Materials, and for the

Damages done to the Owners or Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, and carried away, or

over which the fame or any other Matertals for the Repair of the said

Roads shall be carried, as the said Trustees shall adjudge reasonable; and

in case of any Difference concerning the same, the Justices of the Peace, the Quarter

or the major Part of them assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions, Sessions.

or at the second General Quarter Sessions at the fan he ft, to be holden for the respective Counties, shall and may adjudge and determine the fame

from which Determination there shall be no Appeal.

LV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall Surveyor* not not be lawful for any such Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, under MSSiaJuf the Authority of this Act, to take and carry away any Materials for making of private or repaiiing the said Roads, from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until without g:v Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Owner or Occupier of the'ingisot teto Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken or left for the Occupien. such Owner or Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County where such Lands are situated, to shew Caule why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or such Justices shall, if

592

Tensity on tafci; awty Material* rai’cd by bur* veyors.

Roads to be mea lured and M St/nes erected.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

they think meet, authorize such Surveyor or other Person, to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to Inch Truflecg or to such Justices shall seem proper; and it such Owner or Occupier shall ncyletfl or refuse to appear by htmlelf or his Agent, the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may m*ke such Order thetrin as they shall think fit, as fully and cftitlually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Owner or Occupier, or his Agent, hid attended.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoev<r shall take away any Materials which shall h«ve been digged, gotten, or gathered for the Repair or Use of the said Roads, or shall raise or Carry away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made or opened for the Pur pole of getting Materials for the said Roads before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Twenty Days (except the Owner or Occupi-r of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials for hi- own private Use only and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceedi g hive Pounds nor less than Forty Shilling?.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall rause the said Roads to be measured, and St ines or Poll- to be let up in or near the Sides of the said Roads, at the Distance ot One Mile from each oiler, denoting the Distince of every such Stone or Pod from any Town or Place, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of the m, shall think proper, and shall also cause proper Directu n Posts to be set up; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up or damage any of such Posts or Stones, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks which shall be inscribed thereon, and be thereofconvifled before any One or mote Julfite or Justices of the Peace for the lefptdlive County, either by the Con* session of the Party or by the Oath of One or more credible Witncls or Witnesses, such Person or Persons so offending shall respectively forte t and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Foity Shillings for each Stone or Poll so wilfully broken, pulled up, obliterated, or defaced, to be levied and recovered as herein-after mentioned; and if any Person shay ride upon any Footway adjoining to any Part of the said Roads, or shall drive any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or Carriage thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to any such Footway; or if the Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Posts or Stones erected for the Security of the said Footways, or drive the Wheel of his Carriage against the fame, or on the Side or Sides of the said Footways-, or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages; or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon any wheeled Carriage to drag upon any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing upon any Part of the said Roads to be made into Manure, or shall ferape off the fame any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Roads with any (harp-pointed Instrument, so as to damage the said Roads, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, in, upon, or on the Side of the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Bead harnessed

or

593

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

or yoked thereto; or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stone', Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, in any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice or Annoyance thereof, or of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, and be convicted thereof by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the respective Counties (which Gath the said Justice or Justices is and a e hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to him or them for that Purpose, to ndminister) every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum not lei’s than Ten Shillings nor more than Forty Shillings for every such Offence, One Moiety whereof shall be allowed and paid to thelnfoimer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to contract and agree with any Personor Persons for making, repairing^ widening, altering, turning, or amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for doing any other Work to be done in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Mnney as the said Trutfees shall think proper-, and that all Contradfs and Agreements in Writing, entered into pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting by the said Trustees, shall be binding to the said Trustees and their Successors, and also to all other Parties who shall sign the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators respectively, and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and 'Costs recovered against the Party or Parties failing in the Execution of such Contracts or Agreements.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall aff.ult, interrupt, hinder, or cause or promote to beaffaulted, interrupted, or hindered, any Coliedfor of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees employed in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for tvery such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

LX. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be transient Persons, unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers ‘ under this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence as aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other V,'arrant or Authority than this Act for so doing; and furh Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively is and are hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the Conviction or Acquittal of such Offender or Offenders, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to g>ve Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty or Special Sessions to be holden for the Division or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed; and on such Conviction, or for Want of sufficient Security, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the House of Correction for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, until he, she, or they shall pay the respective Penalty by him, her, or them incurred for such respective Offence or Offences, or shall give such Security as aforesaid.

[Loc. fc? Per.J 7 L

Trustees may contract fur repairing the Hoads.

Penalty on obstructing ihe Execution of the Act.

Power to Collectors to detain Persons guilty of offences.

594 4.1° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Any justiM

LXI. And be it further enacted, That when any Penalty by this Act Into Penalties imposed shall be incurred, or any Offence by this Act created shall have incnmci md been commuted, the Method of proceeding in respect to which is not here-mirted^and" in-before particularly directed, any One of His Majesty's Justices of determine the Peace for the County in which the Offence shall fe committed, may,

therein. anc| }-lcrc-|;>y required, upon Complaint and Information to him

thereof made, to summon before him the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint or Information shall be made, to answer the Matter thereof; and at the Time and Place appointed by such Summons, the Person or Persons so complained or informed against appearing before the said Justice, or in case of his or their not appearing (except for fonie reasonable Excuse) Proof being made upon Oath befo e ;he said Julliceof the personal Service of such Summons, or that a Duplicate or true Copy of the fame was left ac the Dwelling House or lad known Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, the Paid Justice may and is hereby required, whether the said Person or Persons complained or informed against do or do not appear, to proceed to examine the Merits of such Complaint and Information; and it such Offence or Offences shall be confdled by the Person or Persons so complained of and informed against, or be duly proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice, by the Testimony of One or more credible Witr.efs or Witness'es upon Oath, such Justice may and he is hereby required forthwith to convict such Offender or Offenders, and to adjudge him and them to pay such Penalty or Penalties as he or they shall be therefore liable unto by virtue of this Act; and if such Penalty or Penalties shall not be paid immediately, in case such Offender or Offenders appear personally to answer such Complaint or Information, or in case of his or their Non-appearance 10 answer such Complaint or Information, within Ten Days alter Notice of such Conviction given to such Offendtr or Offenders, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House, or lift known Place of Abode, and Proof thereof, and of the Non-payment of such Penalty or Penalties made to such Justices upon Oath, such Justice shall and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, tocaufethe fame, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Complaint and Information, and of the Distress and Sale to be made pursuant to such Warranr, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders; and if sufficient Goods and Chattels of hu h Offender or Offenders cannot be found to anlwtr such Distre's, then such Justice is hereby required, by Warrant or Wr»rrantf under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be apprehended and brought before him the said Justice; and in case such Penalty or Penalties, and the Costs and Charges of such Proceedings as aforesaid, to be settled as aforesaid, shall not be forthwith and immediately paid, such Justice is hereby required forthwith to commit such Offenderor Offenders to the House of Correction for the respective County, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless the said Penalties, and such Costs and Charges as aforesaid, shall be sooner paid, or such Offender or Offenders shall have compounded for the fame with the said Trustees, and paid such Compofuton, which the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and accept.

Application

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by of Penalties, this Act imposed, other than and except such or such Parts thereof as are by this Act otherwise directed to be paid, shall be paid to the said Trustees, their Treasurer or Surveyor, or other Person or Persons by them appointed to receive the same, and (h til be applied for the Purposes of this ! 1 \ Act;

595

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Ad; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time, if they shall Ice Caule, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer or lufot mers, or any Person or Persons taking or seizing, or addling the reun any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

I.XIII. And be it further enacted, That Convictions for Offences against this Act may be drawn up in the following Form, or to the like Effed j (that is to lay),

County I nE it remembered. That on the [here inftrt the Day of the Form of Con. ut 1‘ Month and Year of cur Lord, and of the King’s Reign] A.B. is V1 ion'

convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of on his own Conteflion [or, on the

‘ Oath of a credible Witness, or, and

‘ credible Witnessts, as the Case may ke~\ of [here

f?ec'fy Me Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame was

committed] contrary to an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign

of King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this ACf\

and I the said Justice do adjudge the said A.B. to have thereby incur-

‘ red the Penalty of to be paid, recovered, and

applied in Manner directed by the said Act. Given under my Hand ‘ and Seal the Day and Year aforesaid.’

Which Conviction shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purpol’es.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Appeal, to Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Se

Thing done in pursuanceot this Act, and for which no particular Method of Rc-li- f hath been already hereby appointed, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County respectively, wherein such Cause for Appeal shall arise; or in case the Caule of Complaint shall arise within Fourteen Days next before such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, then such Appeal may be made to such Justices at the Second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said Counties respectively, who are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to determine the Complaint of every such Person in a summary Way, and if they fee Cause, may, by Order of such Sessions, mitigate, at their Discretion, all or any of the Penalties aforesaid, or vacate and let aside the Conviction, and let the Party at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, with such Cods as to them shall seem reasonable, and to make such Orders and Judgements in regard to the Premises as they shall think fit; but the Person or Persons so appealing shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, of such his, her, or their Intention of bringing such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter, thereof. Eight Days before the said Quarter Sessions, and shall also enter into sufficient Bail, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, for prosecuting such Appeal, and abiding fuclT Order as shall "be made therein,

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had Proceeding* touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act, shall be quashed for

or vacated for Want of Form, or be removeabie by Certiorari, or any other Want of 5 Writ Form> nor

596

removed by Ccr.'iorart.

Limitation of Ad.iou».

Subscribers to pay their Subscription haoney.

Publick Act

Commencement and Term of the Act.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Writ or Writs, or Proctfs, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced againl! any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be commenced within Six Calei dar Months next after the Offence committed, or Cauie of Action nr Suit accrued, and not afterwards, and shall belaid and btought in the County where the Cauie of Complaint shall have arisen, and not tllewhtrc; and the Defendant and Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the I'pecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the tame was done in purfiunce and by the Authority of th,s Ad; anti that if it shall appear so to have been done, or that such Action or Suit shall be commenced after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or (h, II be brought in any other County or Place, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants fhdl have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may have and recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any other Defendant or Defendants hath or have by Law in any other Cafe.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons who have subscribed Money for and towards making and repairing, and improving the said Roads, shall and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums so by them respectively subscribed in such Part* and Proportions, within such Time and Times, and to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall by any Writing under their Hands authorize to receive the same; anti if any Person or Persons shall negitd or refuse to pay the same in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sue fur and recover the fame, either in their own Names or in the Name of the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cale, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, observed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act and all the Tolls and Powers hereby given, shall commence and lake EfL-d on the Day on which the Trustees shall hold their First Meeting, and shall be put in Execution and continue in Force from thenceforth for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years then next ensuing, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. t8oi.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 38.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill in the Parish of Don-head Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Halfway House in the Parish o(

Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid.

[21st May 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Preimbte.

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, ,6 c«. II, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from ibt Top of rtclled-White Sheet Hill in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Halfway House in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and fe~ ural other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid:

[Ler. Cf Per.] 7 M ' And

59«

»9 Geo. II.

Z9 G*o. HI.

Former Acts repealed and this to take place instead.

The Roads

described and made Two JDivisions.

Shaftesbury Division -9

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for explaining, amending, and making more effectual the said recited Act, and for repairing other Roads therein mentioned: And whereas an Act was passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for continuing the Term and varying the Powers of the said Two former Acts; whereby the said several Roads were divided into Two separate Divisions of Road: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have for that Purpose from Time to Time borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Acts, and of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Roads, in the Manner directed by the said Acts; which Money still remains due, and cannot be repaid unless a further Term is granted: And whereas it would be more convenient to the Trustees of the said Roads, and the fame might be better repaired, improved, and kept in Repair, if the said former Acts were repealed, and the Powers and Provisions requisite for that Purpose were included in One Act; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon the next Monday Three Weeks after the passing of this Act, the said Acts made in the said Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, shall be and the same are hereby respectively declared to be repealed, and that instead thereof this Act shall commence and take Effect, and shall continue and be put in Force for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, for the Purpose of’ more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, as bcrein-after particularly mentioned; which said Roads shall from henceforth be called The Shaftesbury and Sherborne Turnpike Roads, and be divided into and be Two separate Divisions of Road j and that the Roads leading from the Top of White Sheet Hill in the County of Wilts, through the Town of Shaftesbury in the said County of Borfet, to a Place called Five Bridges, in the Parish of West Slower in the said County, and also the Road from the Angel Inn, in the Town of Shafton otherwise Shaftesbury aforesaid, to the Blacksmith’s Shop in the fame Town, formerly in the Occupation of One Charles Freke, and from thence to and through the Parish or Town of Gillingham, in the said County of Dorset, and from thence to the Index or Directing Post at the Foot of Saltern Hill, in the Parish of Penfelwood, in the said County of Somerset', On the Great Road to the Towns of Win-canton and Bruton in the same County, and also the Road leading from a House heretofore called The New Inn, but now The Half Moon, in the Parish of Cann in the said County of Borfet, to the Top of Melbury and Tollard White Sheets in the same County, and from the House heretofore of Samuel Bodimead, in the Town of Shaftesbury, to the Top of a Hill opposite to a Barn in the Parish of Shaflon Saint James, formerly in the Occupation of Ethelbert Lawrence, and from a Place called Butts, in the Parish of Cann in the County of Borfet, to the House formerly of the Reverend Richard Clarke in the same Parish, also the Road from the Corner of the Wall heretofore of Nicholas, in the Parish of'

Moteombe in the County of Borfet, up Bark Lane, to the Direction Post ac the Croffway in Shaftesbury, and from thence to the Direction Post

' opposite

599

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

hppofite to Warminster Lane, in the Parish of East Knoyle, in the said County of Wilts, shall be and are hereby declared to be One of such Divisions, and shall be called The Shaflesbury Division; and that the Road leading from Shrlor*, the said Place called Five Bridges, through the Towns of Milborne Port Division and Sherborne, in the said County of Somerset and Dorset, to a House called the Half-way House, in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and also the Road from the First Croflways beyond the House formerly called The Drum, in the Great Poll Road from Sherborne aforesaid, to Yeovil in the County of Somerset, down and through a Lane called Twynway Lane, into and across a Road called Bradford Road, and from thence into and through another Lane called Horse Castle Lane, to a Bridge called IP eft Bridge, in Sherborne aforesaid, and from thence to and through the Parish of Long Burton, and so strait on to the Bottom of a Hill called Revel" s Hill, in the Great Road from Sherborne to Dorchester, in the said County of Dorset; and likewise another Road leading from the House formerly of Samuel Wife, on the North Side of Sherborne aforesaid, to the Index or Direrfting Port on Milborne Cow Down in the said County of Somerset, and from thence to another Index or Directing Poll in the Bruton Road, on Cattle Hill, and from thence to a Place called Ansford Inn, in the same County, being the Great Road from Sherborne to the Cities of Bristol and Bath, and from the House formerly of Henry Fryer, at a Place called East Corner in Sherborne aforesaid, to and up Castle Town Road, into Sherborne Road, and from Milborne Port to Goa thill Bridge, and also the Road from the said House formerly of Samuel Wife, in Sherborne, to a House in the Parish of Caundle Bishop, formerly in the Possession of Mary Hathway Widow, and also the Road from the House formerly of John Bennett, near New-well Water, in Sherborne aforesaid, to a Croffway in the Road to Marston Magna in the said County of Somerset, where the Roads divide to Rhympton and Hummer, from such Croffway to Mudford Bridge, and from the said Croffway to Merflcn Bridge, in the Parish of Marston Magna, and also the Road leading from the said House formerly of the said Samuel Wife, to Thornford Lane End, and from thence to and through the Parish of Thornford, to the Croffway at the Entrance into the Parish of Tetminster in the said County of Dorset, and also the Road leading from Burton Elm near Sherborne aforesaid, to Leigh Water in the Parish or Tything of Leigh in the said County of Dorset, shall be and are hereby declared to form the other of such Divisions, and shall be called The Sherborne Division.

II. And be it further enacted, That Samuel Luke Angier, Peter William Baker,‘Thomas Bowyer Bower, John Bennett, Charles Bowles, William Burlton, appointed. Edward Btickland, Anthony Rurbidge, Thomas Bennett, fames Charles Burbidge,

John Killow Brae her, John Brown, Thomas Brasher, Charles Burbidge, William Bell, Richard B/ackmore Clerk, William Lisle Bowles Clerk, Charles ThmdS Barker Clerk, Thomas Bryer Clerk, Thomas Boys Clerk, Henry Bower Clerk, Thomas Baskett Clerk, George Cox, James Chifman, Robert Candy, Robert Coanibe, Anthony Burbidge Compton, John Cooper, William Churchill Clerk, William Dickinson the Younger, Nathaniel Dalton, John Dalkn, Thoma> Dow/and, John Drew, William Dowding, William Douglas Clerk, Richard Dibbin Clerk, James Dowland Clerk, John Dobson Cl rk,

Thomas Eyre Clerk,'Walker Fllz, Henry Foot, John holliott, Jonathan Fol-hoit, For refer Clerk, John Thaint Frowd Clerk, Thomas

Grove, Ch-ffn Grove, John Good, Thomas Grove Clerk, William Frederick

Grove

b \ .'it

6oo

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Grove Clerk, Sir Richard Coll Heart Baronet, Lawson Hudd'.efion, Edward llannam, Henry Hobhouse, IV’lliam Hey nr, William He \ or the Younger, John Hume Cleric, Henry Hall Clerk, John Jukes, Gilbert Jackson Clerk, John Knel-ler, Henry King Clerk, James Lujh, William Lewis, Richard MeJJtter, Uriah MeJJiter, GeorgeMefftter, Thomas Meatyard, Robert MaurueC\trk, EdmundOg-den, John Saville Ogle Clerk, Edward Berkeley Portrnan, Thomas Pickard, Richard Par, Joseph Parry, Robert P erf eft, Robert Phripp, Christopher Philips Clerk, George Ryves, Robert Reynolds, John Rogers, James Still, James Charles Still, George Scott, Henry Seymour, John Stent, Henry Spencer, Arthur Spencer, John Still Clerk, Henry Simpson Clerk, Thomas Tucker, James Thomas, George Thomas, William Trenchard, John Toogood Clerk, John James Toogood Clerk, John Wilkins, Nathaniel Webb, George Wilkins, Charles Williams, William Whitaker, William Mead Williams, John Whitt, Joseph Bennett White, William Wtgmore, William Whitaker Clerk, William Augvf-tus Wilkins Clerk, Walter Whitaker Clerk, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, with respect to the said Shaf-tefbury Division of Roads; and that AJkew Doctor in Divinity,

Henry Andrews, John Berkley Burland, George Beaver Clerk, Nathaniel Brijled Clerk, William Btfbop Clerk, James Bennett, William Burnett, Peter Batson, John Burge, Charles Brijled Clerk, Byan Clerk, Edward

Bradford Clerk, Caleb Barrett, John Barter, Andrew Bellamy Clerk, Richard Bellamy, Thomas Bellamy, Charles Thomas Barker Clerk, Jonas Eland-ford, Francis John Browne, Arthur Cozens, William Cruttwell, William Cruttwell the Younger, James Cruttwell, Richard Cruttwell, Edward Cooper Clerk, William Churchill Clerk, Robert Combe, the Honourable and Reverend Robert Digby, Mark Davis, John Daniel, John Dalton, Nathaniel Dalton, Samuel Eastment, Roger Frankland Clerk, Robert Froomt Clerk, George Froome, John Francis, Samuel Foot, Robert Gooden, Wyndham Gooden, William Gordon, John Culleford Gooden Clerk, John Goodford, Charles Bull Hart, Henry Hobhouse, John Hunt, John Hunt the Younger, Sir Richard Colt Hoare Baronet, John Hooper, James Hoddinott, William Howard, Samuel Jeffery, William Jacob Clerk, Morgan Jones Clerk, Robert James, Robert James the Younger, Henry King Clerk, Henry King, Leathes Clerk, James Loder Rector of Limington, Robert Leech, James Leech, William Lewis the Younger, Sir Henry Paulel, Saint John Mildmay Baronet, William Coles Medlycott, Richard Mejftter, George MeJJiter, Uriah Meffiter, John Melliar, William Marsh Clerk, Richard Watson Moore Clerk, Vernon Noake, John Noake, William Noake, Simon Pretor, Edward Berkeley Portrnan, Charles, Philips Clerk, Pinfold Clerk,

William Philips Clerk, John Palker Cl rk, John Palmer, John Peddle Clerk, Thomas Horner Pearfe Clerk, Robert Perfect, John Rogers, James Rogery Doctor in Divinity, James Ridout, Lawrence Edward Saint Lo, James Sidjion, William Salkeld, John Stacey, George Scott, John Toogood Clerk, William Toogood, William Toogood the Younger, James Toogood, Charles Toogood Clerk, Thomas Thorne, John Tucker Clerk, John James Toogood Clerk', Benjamin Vowell, Samuel Lowell. John Wyndham Clerk, Robert Winter,-Bartholomew Watts, John Williams Clerk, Edward Wells Clerk, Samuel Whitty, Charles Winter, Francis Woodford Clerk, Edouard Matthew West Clerk, Thomas WUmott, John Young, James Young, Nathaniel Webb, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-alter mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, with respect to the said Sherborne Divisi >n of Roads.

10

4»i* GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 601

III. And be it further enacted, Tjiat when and as often as any of the Power to said Trustees hereby appointed or to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned for the Divisions aforesaid shall die, or by Writing under his

or their Hand or Hands, refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees of the respective Divisions, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time to elect One other fit Person to be a Trullee in the Room of each Trustee so dying or refusing to act, providtd that publick Notice of the Meeting for every such Election be given by the Clerk to the Trustees of the respective Division, at herein-after mentioned, Fourteen Days at least before the Meeting for every such Election and every Person who shall be so chosen a Trustee, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall be and is hereby joined with the surviving or remaining Trustees of the Division, and is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Person had been particularly named and appointed a Trustee in and by this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be Qualification qualified to act as a Trustee in any Case in the Execution of this Act, un- ot Trustee*-less he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Poftfeflion and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of i Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty

Pounds Freehold and Copyhold of Inheritance, or either of them alone, or possessed of and entitled to, Personal Estate alone, or Real, Copyhold, and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds, nor (except in administering the Oath herein-after mentioned) until such Person shall take and subscribe the Oath following, before any Five or more of the said Trustees; (that is to say),

t A.B. do swearJV, being a Quaker, do affirm J That I truly and bond Trustees,

‘ fide am, in my own Right, [or, in the Right of my Wife} in the act- Oath’

ual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of

l.ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty

Pounds, Freehold and Copyhold of Inheritance, or either of them alone

[or, pofitfled of or entitled to Personal Estate, or Real, Copyhold, and ‘ Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds.} ‘ So help me GOD.*

And if any Person not being so qualified, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager at Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and if upon the Trial thereof it shall be proved that the Defendant acted, voted, or interfered as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff, unless the Defendant shall at the Trial prove, to the Satisfaction of the Jury, that he was qualified 10 aft as a Trustee, according to the true Intent and Meaning the ieof, at the Time he acted as such; and the Defendant shall not be at liberty to give Evidence of any Qualification, unless he shall have given Notice thereof in Writing to the Plaintiff or his Attorney, at least Fourteen Days before such Trial, and shall in such Notice have specified and fetforth the particular Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of which [Lot. & Per.] 7 N such

6c^ 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

such Qualification shall consist, and in what Parish or Place the same shall lie, and in whose Occupation the same shall then be; and if any Part of such Qualification shall consist of Personal Estate, then the Nature and Quality thereof, and where being, and no other Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Personal Estate, shall be given in Evidence on the Trial, than shall be specified and set forth in such Notice.

V.; Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such of the Trustees herein-before appointed, as are herein named Trustees of either of the Divisions aforesaid, who shall have qualified and taken the Oath pursuant to the Directions of the; laid former Acts, or either of them, may and are hereby authorized and empowered to act in the Execution of the Powers granted by this Act, in the Division in which they are herein named, withouc again qualifying as by this Act directed; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

aftaaTte M 11 further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as are

of < he reace or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said Counties of Wilii, if iathfcCam- Dorset, and Somerset, or any of them, shall and may nevertheless att as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act (except only in such No Trustee Cases where they shall be personally interested); hut no Person shall be to hold ary capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, during the Place of Profit. Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under the fame or in relation thereto.

mett^andma^ YN. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for tfre said ShafteJ adjourn. bury Division, or any Five or more of them, shall meet together at the Red Lion Inn in Shaftesbury, on the Monday Three Weeks next after the passing this Act, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, with respect to the said Shaftesbury Division, and the Trustees for the said Sherborne Division, or any Five or more of them, shall meet together at the Half Moon Inn in Sherborne on the same Day, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, with respect to the said Sherborne Division; and they the said tefpedlive Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may then and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themselves to, and appoint such other Time or Times, Place or Places, within or near the said respective Divisions, for any subsequent Meeting or Meetings for putting this Act in Execution, as they shall think fit i and if on the said First Day of Meeting, or at any Meeting or Meetings to be appointed by virtue of this Act for either of the said Divisions, the Trustees prefenc shall omit to adjourn the Meeting to any other Day, or if there shall Porwantofa nor appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to adjourn (Two being deem-Namber nc. fuf6c*cnt for the Purpose of Adjournment only) then and in every such the Meetings Cafe every such Meeting or intended Meeting shall be and is hereby ad--'°ur*ed ad" journe<f to the same Day Three Weeks next after the Day on which such Metting was held, or such intended Meeting was appointed to be held, and so from Time to Time, until a sufficient Number of the Trustees door shall meet and adjourn; and Fourteen Days publick Notice of every such Adjournment shall be given by the Clerk to the said Trustees in Manner Hours of Ad. herein-after mentioned; and at any Meeting of the said Trustees no jouimnrni. Business shall be begun or proceeded upon before Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, nor shall any Adjournment be made to any later Hour than Trustees to Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and the said Trustees at all their

owSx'cnces Meetings shall defray their own Expences.

sptners. VIII. Pro-

Trustees qualified under the former Adf, nay act again without qualifying.

41° GEO. III.- Cap. 38. 603

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Acts, AllAfts of Orders, Resolutions, Determinations, and Proceedings, of the said Truf-

tees, or any of them, in Execution of the Powers hereby granted, at their Meet, shall be made and signed by the Trustees making the same at some Meet- ins*-ing or Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act for the respective Division, and that no Act, Order, Determination, or Resolution, shall be valid, unless so made and signed at such Meeting, (except as hereinafter particularly mentioned) and unless the Majority of the Trustees then present at such Meeting shall concur therein; and that no Act, Order,

Resolution, Determination, or Proceeding of the said Trustees, so made and signed as aforesaid, shall afterwards be altered, revoked, repealed, or set aside by any subsequent Act, Resolution, Proceeding, or Order of the Trustees, unless at some publick Meeting of the said Trustees to be held for that Purpose (of which Meeting Fourteen Days publick Notice shall have been given in Manner herein-after mentioned), nor unless the Number of Trustees at such subsequent Meeting, desiring or voting for such Alteration, Revocation, or Appeal, shall exceed the Number of Trustees, who concurred in making such Act, Order, Resolution, Deter* mination, or Proceeding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or Trustees may more of them, in their respective Division, shall and may, and are hereby pj^Turn* authorized and empowered to continue all or any of the Gates or Turnpikes now erected in or on the Sides of the Roads within the said Divi-

fions, or to cause to be erected and set up such Number of other Gates or Turnpikes, in, upon, across, or on the Sides of the said Roads, and also such Number of Toll Houses, with suitable Out-Buildings and Con-venirncies thereto, and to inclose such Gardens for the said Toll Houses as they may think fit, and to continue or erect such Weighing Engines upon the said Roads as they shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to cause any of such Gates, Turnpikes, Toll Houfts, Buildings, and Weighing Engines to be taken down, altered, or removed, as they shall judge proper, and to cause to be demanded and taken at all or any of the said Gates and Turnpikes within each Division, the Tolls following, before any Horse, Ox, or other Bead or Cattle, or any Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, drawing any Car- Toll«. riage whatsoever, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny

For every Ox, Steer, Gale, or Bull, drawing any Carriage singly, and nut in Pairs or abreast, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny

For every Ox, Steer, Gale, or Bull, drawing any Carriage abreast or in Pairs, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Three-pence

For every Horse, Marc, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, not drawing, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten-pence fer Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And For every Drove of Hogs or Pigs, Calves, Sheep, or Lambs, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five-pence fer Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And

604

Tolls to be levied by Distress and Sale.

Turnpike! and Toll-Housea veiled in Trustees,

who may bring Actions.

Tolls veiled in Trustees.

Carriages employed in carrying Timber

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

And that it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons as any Five or more of the said respective Trustees, by Writing under their Hands lb all from Time to, Time for that Purpose nominate and appoint, to demand and take the Tolls hereby granted and made payable \ and if any Person or Persons subject or liable to the Payment of any of the Tolls by this Act granted, thall, after Demand made thereof, neglect or refuse to pay the same, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid to collect such Tolls, to levy the same by Distress of any Horse or Horses or other Cattle or Beast upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, or of any of the Lading, Harness, or Accoutrements thereof respectively, or any Carriage drawn by them; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days next after such Distress made, the Person or Persons so distraining shall and may fell the Horse* Cattle, Carriage, Goods, or Things so distrained, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such Distress, and of keeping and felling the fame, shall be deducted.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Gates or Turnpikes, Bars, Toll Houses, Weighing Engines, Implements, and Materials for repairing the said Roads, erected, made, had, or gotten by virtue of the said former Acts, or to be erected, made, had, or gotten by virtue of this Act, and all the Righr, Title, Interest, and Property, of, in, and to the fame, and every Part and Parcel thereof, and all the Materials of which the fame respectively do or shall consist, shall be and are hereby vested in the Trustees of the Division where the fame respectively may be, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empower* ed to sell and dispose thereof, or of any Part thereof, as they shall think fit, and also to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name of any One of such Trustees, or of their Clerk or Treasurer, or to prefer and prosecute, or to order or direct the preferring and prosecuting Indictments or other Prosecutions against any Person or Persons who shall disturb them in the Poffdlion thereof, or who shall pull down, break, or dig up, spoil, injure, or destroy, (leal, take, or carry away the fame, or any Part thereof; and all the Tolls and other Monies anfing by virtue of the said recited Acts, and which at the Commencement of this Act shall be due to the Trustees under the said recited Acts hereby repealed as aforesaid, or in the Hands, Custody, or Power of their Treasurer, or of any other Person or Persons, and also all the Tolls and other Monies to be raised, received, and collected by virtue of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees for putting this Act in Execution; (that is to say), all such Tolls as may be due or collected on the said Division called The Shaftesbury Division, in the Trustees and their Successors, hereby named Trustees of that Division; and all such Tolls as may be due or collected in the said Division called The Sherborne Division, in the Trustees and their Successors hereby named Trustees of that Division; and the fame and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied, disposed of, and aligned respectively to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes herein-after mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That between the First Day of November and the First Day of April in every Year, there shall be demanded

< 1 and

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

and taken fit each and every Gate or Turnpike erected or to be crested within each Division, Double Toll for every Ho.fe or other Bead of Draught, drawing any Carriage employed in carrying on conveying any Timber Tree or Trees (except Carriages with One Horse or other Beast of Draught, which shall not be liable to the Payment of such Double Toll or any Part thereof).

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall pay the respective Tolls herein-before mentioned, and by this Act granted and made payable, for the parting of any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, at any of the Gates or Turnpikes to be continued or erected on either of the said Divisions, then, upon producing a Note or Ticket of the Day, denoting such Payment, he or they shall be permitted to return and repass with the fame Horse, Mare, Beast, or other Cattle, at any Time or Times as often as he or they shall think proper during the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in One Night to Twelve of the Clock the next Night) Toll free, through the fame Gate or Turnpike, and also to pass, return, and repass through such other Gate or Gates, Turn-pike or Turnpikes, as the said Trustees for the respective Distiiit, or any Five or more of them, shall order and appoint within that District; which said respective Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the said Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of the said Tolls.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll, (except as herein-after excepted) shall be demanded or taken for any Horse or other Cattle, drawing or not drawing, which shall be employed in the Conveyance or Carriage of any Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing of any Road or Highway, in any Parish or Place in which any Part of the said respective Roads do lie, or in the Conveyance or Carriage of any Lime, Chalk, Dung, Mould, Soil, Coal Allies, or Comport of any Kind whatever, for the manuring of any Land or Ground in any of the said Parishes or Places, provided that the Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages for which such Exemptions from Toll shall be churned, and in which such Lime* Chalk, Dung, Mould, Coal Ashes, Soil, or Comport shall be reflectively carried or conveyed, shall have the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches at the lead, and that the Tier of such Wheels shall not deviate from a perfectly flat and cylindrical Surface more than Half an Inch; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horse or other Cattle employed in plough-!ing, lowing, tilling, or cultivating any Land or Ground in such Parishes Or Places, or in the Carriage of any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Siraw, Hemp, Flax, Potatoes, Wood, Apples, Turnips, or other Produce of Land (except Timber) not sold or disposed of, but parting to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, or Grounds of the Owner or Owners thereof, in any of the said Parishes or Places, or drawing or conveying any Plough, Harrow, Drag, or other Implements of Husbandry belonging toanyof the Inhabitants of the said Parishes or Places, orfor any Horse or other Cattle belonging to such Inhabitants going to or from Water or Pasture; or for any Horse or other Cattle, drawing or not drawing, which shall be employed in the parting of Vagrants only, travelling with lawful Partes; or for the Horses of any Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or of the Troops of Cavalry raised by Authority of Parliament, when on Duty or Exercise, or for any Horse or other Cattle which shall be employed in the [Lect £1? Per.'] 7 0 Carriage

605

between cer-ta n Petiuds fttbieft to an additional Tol.

Tolls to be paid but Once a Day.

Exemptions from Tolls.

6o6

Exempting

the Occupier for the Time being of Penjlury House fron Payment cf T II at Dark Lane Cate,

Carts, Waggons, ai'd other Carriages, Mill liable to Penalties for Overweight, unlefeei)'ployed in Husbandry.

C arr»3ges on Wheels, not rolling a flat Surface, shall be considered as Carriages with narrow Wheels, and be liable to be weighed, or pay Toll at such.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Carriage or Conveyance of the Arms or Baggage of Soldiers, or Troops of Cavalry, on their March or on Duty; or for any Horse or other Cattle or Carriage conveying Persons that shall be going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Wilts, Dorset, or Somerset, on the Days of such Election, or on the Day before or the Day after such Election shall begin or be conclud.d; or for any Horses or Carriages of whatever Description employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Ex-prefles under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Ex-prefles, or in returning back therefrom j nor shall any Toil be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church, or other Place of Divine Woiship, or vih-ting his sick Parishioners, or from any Person going to or returning from their own Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worship upon Sundays, or any other Days on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, nor from any Person or Persons going to or returning from the Fu: era] of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in either of the Parishes or Places in which any Part of the said Roads do lie; and if any Person or Persons shall take the Benefit of any of the said Exemptions not being entitled to the fame, such Person shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Ten Shilling', whereof One Moiety shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as other Penalties in and by this Act arc directed to be applied.

XIV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall at any Time be demanded or taken at the Gate or Turnpike erected near to the said Town of Shaftefbwy, called Dari Lane Gale, for or in respect of any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages belonging to the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being of the Mansion House called Pen/, bury House, situate in the Parish of Molcombe, in the County of Dorset, and btlonging to Sir Francis Sykes Baronet; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages hereby exempted from Tolls, shall nevertheless be liable to the Penalty or Penalties, or additional Toll or Tolls ifor Over, weight, as ordered or directed by the several Acts passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for the general Regulation of Turnpike Roads, except such Carts, Waggons, or Carriages as shall be employed in Husbandry only, in carrying Manure for Land, Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Corn in the Straw, or other Produce of Land (except Timber) not sold or disposed of as aforesaid.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of Exemption from or Reduction of Tolls, or of Allowance at any additional Number of Horses, Oxen, or other Beast of Draught, by virtue of any Law or Statute, the Sole or Bottom of the Wheels of Waggons, Carts, Wains, or other such Carriages, shall roll a flac or level Surface, or a Surface so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat or level Surface: and all Waggons, Wain*, Cary, or other

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 607

such Carriages passing on the said Roads, or by any of the Weighing Engines now or hereafter to be erected thereon, or within Eight hundred Yards thereof, the Wheels whereof shall not roll a fiat or level Surface, or a Surface so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch From a flat or level Surface, shall be considered and deemed as Carriages on Wheels rolling a Surface of less than Six Inches, and be liable to be Weighed at any of such Weighing Engines, as any Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage on Wheels, rolling a Surface of less than Six Inches, is now by Law liable to be weighed there, and shall pay the same Tolls at the said Gates or Turnpikes, and Weighing Engines, as such Waggons,

Wains, or Carriages on Wheels, rolling a Surface of less than Six Inches, are now subject and liable to pay.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penlati*for with any Cattle or Carriages whatsoever, pass through any Ground, Land,

or Hereditaments, not being a publick Highway adjoining to or lying near Toll*, any of the Roads within the said respective Divisions; or if any Owner, or Oaupier of any such Ground, Land, or Hereditament, shall knowingly or willingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons with any Cattle 6r Carriage whatsoever to pass through the fame, for the Purpose of evading the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Personor Persons, other than the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, any Note or Ticket by this Act; directed to be given by the Collectors of the said Tolls, or shall forge or counterfeit any such Note or Ticker, or make use of any such forged or counterfeited Note or Ticker, knowing the same to have been torged or counterfeited, whereby the Payment of the said Tolls or any Part thereof shall be avoided -, or if any Person or Persons shall pass through any such Gate or Turripike with any Carriage,

Hoffe, or orher Cattle, without Payment of the Tolls for the fame, or shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse or other Cattle from iny Carriage, or put or add any Horse or other Cattle to any Carriage, or shall leave, or cause to be left, upon or near to wny Part of the said Roads, any Carriage, Ht rfe, or other Cattle, or any Goods, with an Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Toll?; or whereby such Payment (hill bt avoided, or any Part thereof, cr shall in any other Manner Wilfully evade the Payment of the Tolls, every Person so offending in iitftdr of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XVIII. And whereas divers Evasions frequently arise at Weighing Laden Oar's Engines, by Means of Waggons and other Carriages travelling through

Bye or other Roads near the fame, thereby avoiding the Engine, al- Ya a, of any though- they pass over a considerable Part of the Turnpike Roads; be nial,

it therefore further enacted, That all laden Carts, Waggons, or Car- if required bynames, travelling on any Part of the Roads included in either of the said Divisions, and afterwards coming on or by any Road within Eight hun- thiiWu* be dred Yards of any Weighing Engine erefled or rented, or to be erected weighed, or rented by the said respective Trustees, shall from Time to Time (if the said 'frustees, or any Two or more of them, shall require the fame) be obliged to come to and pass over such Weighing Engine or Weighing Engines respectively, and to be weighed there, under a Penalty of noc more than Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings on the Owner, and of not more than Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings on the 7 Driver

6o8

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Diiver of ahy such Cart, Waggon, or Carriage, which shall not be brought to anil be weighed at the said Weighing Engine or Weighing Enginei as aforesaid.

Expenses of th»s Act to be paid by each District inrqral Proportions,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That out of any Monies already raised by virtue of the said former Acts, or out of the first Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees for the said respective Divisions, or any Five or more of them, shall in the First Place pay and defray all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act; (that is to say), the Trustees of the said Shaftejlury Division shall pay One Moiety or Half Part thereof, and the said Trustees of the said Sherbome Division the other Moiety or Half Part; and after Payment thereof the Remainder of such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied and disposed of in the respective Divisions aforesaid, in and about credting and maintaining Gates, Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and Weighing Engines upon, and in altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Roads herein-before mentioned, and in paying the Interest and Principal of the Money now due and owing as aforesaid on the Credit of the said Acts, and hereby charged on this Act, and the Imereft and Principal of the Money to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and for the other Purposes of this Act (within ihe Divisions respectively) in such Manner as the said Trustees of each Division, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit.

Trustee* to give Direction* for ie-pairinj the Roads in a progressive Manner,

The Division of the Roads not to prejudice Securities.

Trustees empowered to borrow a further Stun of Money on the Tolls.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said respective Trustees shall and they are hereby required to repair the respective Roads comprized in this Act, in regular Progression; and also from Time to Time to keep the fame, when repaired, in a proper Condition of Repair, as far as the Monies arising from the said former or this present Act will allow, without any Preference of any one Part of the said Roads to any other Part thereof, the Situation and Condition of the said Roads being considered: Provided also, That the Work, commonly called Statute Work, shall be applied in the same Manner.

XXI. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That the dividing the said several Roads into Two separate and distinct Divisions as aforesaid, shall not in anywise afftdl the Securities of any Money which has been borrowed, and is now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or any of them, or of the Tolls thereby granted, but that the same shall still remain due and owing, and be charged upon the said Roads, in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they would have been if the said Roads had not been so divided, or this Act had not been made.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of the said Divisions, or any Nine or more of them respectively; from Time to Time, upon the Credit of the Tolls hereby made payable within the respective Divisions above mentioned, to borrow and take up at Interest, not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds for One hundred Pounds for a Year, such further Sum and Sums of Money as they, or any Nine or more of them, shall think needful and sufficient for the Purposes of this Act, within their respective Division, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to execute and issue Certificates unto the Person or Per^ for.s advan-t-ng such Money, each in such Sum as they shall think proper,

for

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 609

for securing the Re-pjyment thereof by and out of the Tolls of the respective Division where such Money shall be laid out and expended, and which said Sum and Sums of Money shall be laid out and applied by the said respective Trustees in such a Manner as the said Tolls are hereby directed to be disposed of, applied, and laid out, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever: Provided, That no such further Sum or Sums of Money shall be borrowed on the Credic of the said Tolls, unless Fourteen Days publick Notice be given, in Manner herein-after directed, of a Meeting to be held for the Purpose of determining on the Propriety of borrowing a further Sum of Money on the Credit of the said Tolls; and such Certificates may be drawn in such Form as the said Trustees shall think proper, and shall be signed by any Five of the Trustees present at the respective Meetings, and attested by their Clerk; and at the fame Meeting the Clerk of the said Trustees shall make Entries, in a proper Book to be provided for that Purpose, of the respective Dates of such Certificates, and the Names of the Persons to whom the same are issued, and by whom they are signed and attested,'and shall mark the said Certificates in this Manner, " Entered. Number t." (and so on as they (land in CouTe in such Book); and after such Entries shall be made in such Bock in a Series one afttr another, the said Trustees at such Meetings, or any Five or more of them, shall subscribe their Names thereto in the said Book; and all further or other Certificates to be at any Time afterwards granted by the said Trustees for securing any further Sums of Money to be borrowed on the Security of the said Tolls, shall be drawn, signed, and attested, in the same Manner and Form, and similar Entries thereof made in the said Book; and the Numbers to be marked as aforesaid, on the said last mentioned Certificates, shall go on progressively from the last Number in the last preceding Entry; and all Certificates granted by the said Trustees in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, shall be good and sufficient Securities for the several Sums of Money and Interest expressed in the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Certificate or Certificates shall have been granted by {erred' "'" the said Trustees as aforesaid, and his, her, and their Executors and Administrators, may and are hereby empowered from Time to Time to transfer or assign over such Certificate or Certificates, and all the Monies that shall be then due thereon, to any other Person or Person:.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That regular and Entries to proper Memorandums and Entries of all and every Transfer and Trans- afi Assigntf fers of any of the said Certificates which shall be executed or made by vir- . tue of this Act, containing the Dates thereof, and the Names, Additions,

and Places of Abode of the several Patties thereto; and the material Contents of the fame, and the Names, Additions, and Places of Abode of the Witnesses to the Execution thereof, shall from Time to Time be made by the Clerk of the Trustees of the respective Division in the said Book, which shall be kept for the Entry of the said Certificates; and that the said Transfer or Transfers shall be brought to the said Clerk for that Purpose, within Twenty-one Days after the same shall be executed and made, and which said Clerk shall be paid Two Shillings and Sixpence,

616

Pow< r tc demise the To.is.

Trnffeet may JclTer the Toll*.

Atsth r’zing the Truite»r> to con'inue its ppii g up of fiHjorJ

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

znd no more, by the resprdtive Persons in whom such Deeds Poll shall be vetted for each and every such Entry.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to granr, demile, or let out, all the Tolls by this Act granted, or any Part or Parts thereof, within the said respective Divisions; and all the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby infhdtrd for Nonpayment or avoiding the fame, to any Person or Persons who (h ill be willing to take or farm the fame from Year to Year, or for any Pait f the Term hereby granted, not exceeding Three Years at any one Time, fur the highest Kent or Rents that can be had or gotten for the fame, by publick Auction, such Rent or Rents to be payable at such Times, and in such Manner, and under and subject to such Covenants, Conditions, Restrictions, and Agreements, and with such Sureties for Payment thereof, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; and the Monies arising the reby shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the Trustees of the respective Division, and be applied and clilpi fid of in such Manner as the respective Tolls hereby granted are hereby duedted to be applied and disposed of; but Twen'y-une Days publi k Notice of every Meeting for demifing the said Toils, shall be given in Manner herein-after mentioned, and the like Notice shall be affixed on all the Turnpike Gares then erected on the Did Roads.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, at the Pirit g to be held in pursuance of this Act, or at any subsequent Meeting, to lessen ail or any of the said Tolls, for such Time or Times as they shall t/iink proper, but so as not to reduce them below the respective Toils by the said former Acts granted, and to r.use the fame again, so as not to exceed the re-fprdtive Rates herein-before mentioned; and such Tolls, so lessened or raised again, shall be collected, recovered, and applied, in the same Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied; but Fourteen Days publick Notice shall be given, in Manner herein-after ment oned, of any Meeting to be held for any such Purposes after such First Meeiing.

XXVII. And whereas by the said recited Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign f his said late Majesty, it was enacted, That it should be lawful for the Trustees for executing that and the said first recited Act ro inclose and flop up a certain Line lying near Sherborne, called Pinford Lane, which said Lane was stopped up and inclosed accordingly, and has e ver since been discontinued as a common. Highway; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees for the said Sherborne Division, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to cause the said Lane to be continued so stopped up and inclosed, by such effectu.il and convenient Ways and Means as they shall think fit, so as to hinder and prevent any Cattle or Carriage wlmsoever from passing through the said Lane except the Cattle and Carriages of the Owners and Occupiers of Grounds on the Sides of the said Lane, passing to and from such their respidtive Grounds; and if any I’erlon or Persons shall damage or destroy any Gate or Gates, Fence or Fences, erected or to be erected for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall open any Passage into the said Lane, or shall pass through the fame with any

Cattle

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 6ii

Cattle cr Carriage (except as aforesaid) with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit anti pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor Id's than Twenty Shillings.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees, Trustees may or any Seven or more of them, may and are hereby authorized and empowered to continue all or any of the Officers or Persons acting under the Authority of the said Acts, and from Time to Time to elect and appoint

fit and proper Persons to be Collectors and Receivers of Tolls by this Act made payable, and One or more proper Person or Persons to be

Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers. Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and such other Officer or Officers as the said Trustees, or

any Seven or more of them, for each of the said Divisions, shall think

necessary and convenient to be employed in the Execution of this Act;

and such Collectors or Receivers. Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors', or ""d remove

other Officers, or any of them, from Time to Time to remove or dif- 1

place, and to elect and appoint others in the Rooms and Places of such

of them as shall be so removed or displaced, or shall die; and the said

Trailers, or any Seven or more of them, m.iy and are hereby authorized

and empowered, out of the Monies which shall arise by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay to such Colh stors or Receivers, Clerks, Treasurers,

Surveyors, and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be adding to them or any of them, in and about the Execution of this Act, in the respective Divisions, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances, for their Attendance, Care, hhd Services therein, as to the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall seem rea-lonable.

XXIX. Provided always, That the Clerk, Treasurer, Surveyor, and officers spall other Officers who have been appointed under and employed in the under

Execution of the said former Acts or either of them, shall respectively con- a«s° tn'continue to exercise their respective Offices under this Act, until they shall tinue in their respectively resign, or be removed or displaced by the said Trustees, in Amoved?1*1 the Manner herein-before diiefted.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Collectors or officers and Receivers of the Tolis, and all and every the Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers already appointed, or who shall be appointed n'y't'oac-0" as aforesaid, and all and every other Person and Persons who have re- count/or the eeived or had, or shall receive or have any of the Monies raised, collected, fame’ or received, or to be raised, collected, or received for repairing or amending the said Roads or any Parc or Parts thereof, and his, her, and their respective Executors and Administrators, shall from Time to Time, and as often as he or they shall be thereunto ordered or required by the said Trustees of the respective Divisions, or any Five or more of them, render and give to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, full, true, and fair Accounts in Writing of all the Monies which shall have been by them respectively, or by their respective Testators or Intestates, had, col-lefled, or rercivtd, and how, to whom, and for what such Monies, and every Part thereof, shall have been paid, together with the proper Receipts and Vouchers for such Payments and they shall and are hereby re-1 eftively required to pay all such Monies as, upon the Balance of such and pay the *. 4 Accounts, Ba!autc-

6l2

and verify iheir Account* on Oarh.

Pci ions refusing to account, liable to an A$ion, to be proftcu te<l before a Justice of the Peace, ad committed.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Accounts, shall appear ro be in their respective Hand.*, to the said Truf* tees, or any Fire or more of them, or to such Person or Persons, and at such Times as they, or any Five or more of them, shall direct or appoint; and that all and every the said Officers and Persons, so accounting, or to account as aforesaid, shall upon their severals Oaths (which Oaths, the said Trustees, or any One or more of them are and is hereby authorized and empowered to administer), verify their said Accounts and the pariicu-lar Items and Articles thereof, and the several Receipts and Paym.-nts which shall be therein contained; and if any of the said Officers and Persons, so to account as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to render or give up such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, or ro produce or deliver up to the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, the Receipts and Vouchers relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles or Items thereof, upon his or their Oath or Oaths, or shall refuse or neglect to pay all such Money as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or as they or any Five or more of them shall direct or appoint, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid the said Trustee^, or any Five or more of them, may and are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Names of the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in the Name or Names of the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees of the respective Division, against the said Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, who shall so neglect or refuse as aforesaid, or if Complaint shall be made by the said Trustees, cr any Five or more of them, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the respective County wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons shall happen to re-ftde, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required to summon the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting to appear before him, ac a Time and Place in such Summons to be mentioned, and upon his or their appearing or not appearing, unless for some reasonable Excuse, the Service of such Summons being proved by the Oath of One credible Witness (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in afum-mary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by virtue of this Act might have done; and if upon the Contession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, against whom such Complainc or Complaints shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath or Oaths such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear ro such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been focolleftedor received, or any Part thereof shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively } and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found, suffict-enc to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining the fame, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place by him appointed in such Summons, or if appearing shall refuse or neglect to deliver to the said Justice such Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 613

aforesaid, or to produce or deliver up to the said Justice the several Receipts and Vouchers relating to such Accounts respectively, and to verify the lame, and the Items and Articles thereof, upon Oath as aforesaid, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the said Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his H.md and Seal, to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Perfms, to be committed to the Common Gaol for the County wherein such Officer or Offi ers,

Person or Persons, shall then reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have d livered in and settled his or their respective Accounts, and verified the Items thereof upon Oath, and shall have produced and delivered up the Receipts and Vouchers relating to such Accounts respectively, and shall have paid all Monies which shall appear to be in their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, or shall have compounded with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the fame, and paid the Monies which shall be thereby ftipulared to be paid to them; which laid Compositions and Monies the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to make and receive: Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed for Want of sufficient Distress only, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any J|rfrkfjlr"> Five or more of them, within each Division, shall and they are hereby to" vse' Ve’ required to take such Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Seturity. Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, or Lessees of the said Tolls, and other Officers to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the due and faithful Execution of their respective Offices, and for Payment of the Monies received by or Rent due from them, and Delivery of all the

Books, Deeds, Papers, and Writings, which shall come to their Hands in virtue of their said Offices as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them,' shall think proper: Provided always, That all such Securities as have been given by any Officer or Officers under the said former Acts, and who shall be continued in their Office or Offices under this Act, shall be deemed good and sufficient, without any other Security being taken from him or them by the said Trustees as aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk or Clerks, Treafu- And on Refer or Treasurers, Collectors or Receivers of the said Tolls, and other Officers as aforesaid, in case of Removal from their said respective Offices, tit. ‘

or their respective Executors or Administrators in case of the Death of any such Officers, shall, at the Meeting of the said Trustees to be held in pursuance of this Act next after such Removal or Death, deliver up to the Trustees then present all Books, Deeds, Accounts, Papers and Writings, Bills, Maps, Plans and other Things, relating to the Execution of this Act, in the Hands, Custody, or Power of such Officers respectively as aforesaid, their respective Executors or Administrators, without altering or in any Manner defacing the fame; and every Person neglecting or rtfufing so to do, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Trustees any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds nor less than Twenty Pounds.

[Lee. y Per.']

6i4 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

ToTu!°a%p- ^XXIII. And be it further enacted, Thar, during the Time the Tolls point Persons granted by this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be granted or UnteCeVe the or 'n Farm to any Person or Persons under and by virtue of the

Power herein before given, it shall be lawful for the I.eftee or Lcflces, Tarmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he or they shall by Writing or Writings under his or their Hand or Hands authorize or appoint, to demand, leceive, take, and levy the said Tolls so leased or farmed, as amply and effectually, to all Intents and Purposrs, as the Colh-stor or Collectors, Receiver or Receiveis thereof, appointed by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to demand, receive, take, or levy the same; and the Person or Persons negkfting or refusing to pay any such Tolls to such Leftee or Leflces, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or to such other Petfonor Persons as he or they shall authorize or appoint as aforesaid, after Demand made thereof, shall incur and be fuojeft and liable to such and the lame Forfeitures, Penalties, and Prosecutions for the lame, as are herein-before laid or directed in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay the said Tolls to the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers thereof, to be Persons ap- appointed by the said Trustees; and all and every Person or Persons au-

ceive^Toll 7o t^or’ZcC^ or appointed to collect the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, by or

a-count for

for any such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof as aforesaid, limeti e f'om Time to Time account with and pay the same to such Leflces or

Farmers respectively, in like Manner as the Collectors or Receivers of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees are herein-before rtquired to account for and pay such Tolls to the said Trustees, and in case of Neglect or Refusal so to account or pay the same, shall incur and be liable to the like Actions, Penalties, Punishments, and Prosecutions for the fame, as the Collectors or Receivers of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees are herein-before made subject or liable to.

Two Trustees

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon the or Removal of Death, Incapacity, Absconding, or Absence of any Collector or Receiver a Gate-keeper of the ("aid Tolls, any Two or more of the Trustees for the respective other till'the" Divisian, though not at a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by vir-next Meeting, tue of this Act, shall and may lawfully nominate and appoint some other fit Person to be Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue until the next Meeting of the Trustees of the Division, in the Room of such . ' Collector or Receiver so dying, incapacitated, absconding, or absenting;

which PeTon, so to be nomi.iated and appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and be anfuerable and accountable in the fanye Manner, in all Respects, as the Person so dying, becoming incapab’c. Gate k«p?r absconding, or ab enting, would have had or been subject to; and that othe's'fnPof- ’f any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged fciKonof Toil from his laid Office by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or the Widows (if any) or the Children or Family of any Collector or Re-therefrom. ceiver of the said Tolls, who shall die, or the Wife or any o‘ the Children or Family of any loch Collector or Receiver who shall abscond, absenc himself, or be discharged, or any othe- Person, shall refuse to deli.er up the Possession of any Toll House or Building already erected or to be erected or set up by virtue of th s Act, lor the "Space ot Three Days after Demand -'hereof made, and No'ice in Writing given for ihat'Purpose by any One or more of the said refg-. ftive Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, then and in any of- tht laid Cases it shall be lawful for any

Julhcc

41° GEORGII lit. Cap. 38. -61$

Justice of the Peace for the respective Counties wherein the same shall be situate, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order the Constable or other Peace Officers, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter tuih House or Building, in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the lame, and to put the faici Trustees, or an) One or more of them, or their new appointed Officer, into the Possession thereof.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors Surveyors

appointed by virtue of this Act, or any Person or Persons appointed by un*'

such S rveyor or Surveyors, may and is and are hereby authorized and w* empowered to cur, dig, gather, take, and carry away any Stones, Gravel, Grounds-Sand. Futze, Heath, or any other Materials proper for repairing of

Roads, in, upon, out of, or from any River or Brook, Waste Ground or Common, in any Parish, Township, or Pl^ce, in, adjoining to, or lying neat the said Roads, to be used in repairing the said Ro.dsj without paying any Thing for the fame, they the said Surveyors, or other Persons, without pay-filli g up the Pns and Holes, and levelling the Ground from whence the iimej»«sung fame shall be taken, or making a sufficient Fence round the fame, to pre- the Pin i vent any Misfotture or Accident happening by reason of such Pits or Holes;, and al o to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away any Stones, vate Grounds-Gravel, Sand, Furze, Heath, or other Materials proper and sufficient for repairing the said Roads, in, upon, or out of any Lands of any Person or Persons where the fume may be had or found, to be used towards the repairing the said Roads (such Land not being a Yard, walled Garden,

Orchard, Pa k, 1'adi'ock, Plantation, or Nursery of Trees) they the *o [hi-

said Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, paying or offering to pay the owners, respective Persons or Occupiers of such Land, such Sum or Sums of Money for the Damages occasioned by getting the said Materials, and for carrying the fame over their Grounds, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyors, or Person or Persons by them appointed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning the Money to be paid for such Damages, any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where the said Materials shall be so cur, dug, gathered, taken, and carried away, shall and may, on Six Days Notice thereof to be given by the said Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Owners or Occupiers respectively, or by the said Owners or Occupiers given to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to be left at their respective Place of Abode with some or One of their respective Families, hear, settle, and determine the same.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Notice to be not be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, or such other Person or fu,‘-"r‘00fcj.i Persons as aforesaid, under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, vatPc’GroundSj take, or carry away any such Materials as aforesaid, for any of the Pur- Materiaisare poses of this Act, from any iriclosed Lands or Grounds, until after Four- takenthcre-teen Days Notice in Writing, signed by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, from.

dr foine other Officer or Officers of the said Trustees, shall have been

?;iven to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds rom which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at their usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace ... acting

b 16 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

ailing for the County in which such inclosed Lands lie, at a certain Time and Place specified in such Notice, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be taken away; and in case such respective Owners or Occupiers shall, by theml’elves or their respective Agents, attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justice or Justices, shall, if he or they shall thirtk proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Officer to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to such Trustees or such Justice or Justices, shall fcem proper; or if such respective Owners or Occupiers shall neglect orrefufeto appear by themselvesor their respective Agents, the raid 1 rustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justice or Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they or he shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such respective Owners or Occupiers had attended in Manner aforesaid.

Penalty on

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, "that in case any Person or Pen-takingaway fons shall, for any other Purpose than repairing the said Roads, load, rtercdforfe'. take, or carry away any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Sand, or other Mate-

Bt

rials, got, gathered, or dug, for the Purpose of repairing the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or dig, gather, gct? take, or carry away any Gravel, Sand, Stones, or other Materials, out of any Pit, Holes, or Quarry, which any of the said Surveyors, or other Persons by them appointed, shall have made or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials for the Repairs of the said Roads, before the said Surveyors, or Persons by them appointed as aforesaid, shall have discontinued getting any such Materials thereout or working the rein, for the Space of Three Calendar Months, every Person so offending (other than and except the Owner or Occupier of such private Ground who shall have originally opened any such Pit, Hole, or Quarry therein, and Persons by him lawfully authorized to get Materials therein, for the proper Ul'e of such Owner or Occupier only and not for Sale) shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

Surveyors

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for each cautow* Division, or any Five or more of them, or the said Surveyors, or any Drains Brlrf- Persons by them appointed or employed respectively, may and are hereby ges, tempora- authorized and empowered to make or cause to be made any causeway ry itoa s, sc. of causewayS jn or a]0ng the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Roads within such Division, and also Ditches and Drains along or by the Sides of the lame Roads, or any Part thereof, or into or through any Land lying contiguous thereto, and to build or cause to be built any Bridge or Bridges, or Arches, in or upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or over or across any River, Brook, Ditch, Drain, or Water-course, running upon, over, or across the fame, and also to make or cause to be made a Road or Way through or over the Lands or Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Roads, to be made use of by all Passengers, Carriages, and Cattle, as a puHick H:ghway, whilst the old Road is repairing, and until it shall be convenient and lafe for Passenger0, Carriages, and Cattle, to pass the fame, making such rtafon* able Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds, through which any such Drain or temporary Road shall be mate, or upon which any such Bridge or Arch shall be eretfted, for the Damag-s they shall thereby sustain, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they, or any Five or more of the said respective Trustees, shall appoint, to remove all Annoyances in the said Rosds, or any Part thereof, by Filth, Dung, Allies, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Water-course, Sinks, or Drains, running into, along, or out of the fame, to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, tcour, or cieanfe any Water-course or Ditches adjoining thereto, and to make the same as wide and deep as he or they shall think necessary, and to ered or set up any Trunks or Bridges over the fame, and (having an Order from the said Trullees, or any Five or more of tlum, for that Purposej to cut down, lop, or top any Tree or Trees, Hedge or Hedges, or Bushes, growing in the fame Roads, or in the Lands or Banks within Twenty F'eet of the Centre of any Part of the said Roads, and to remove the same to a proper Distance from the saki Road;, in case the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands to which the same shall belong, shall nrgled or refuse to remove such Annoyances, or to open, scour, or cieanfe such Watercourses and Ditche , or to ered and set up any Trunks or Bridges over the fame, or to lop, top, or cut down and carry away such Trees, Hedges, or Bullies, for the Space of Seven Days alter Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, under the Hand or Hands of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof (to be settled by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them) shall be reimbursed and paid to the said Surveyt r or Surveyors, by such Owners or Occupiers, and upon Non-payment thereof, shall be recoveted in such Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be recovered; and if after Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every such Person shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said respective Trustees any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor kfs than Ten Shillings.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors within each respective Division, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint from Time to Time, without giving any previous Notice, to remove all such Earth, Trees, Roots of Trees, and other Thrngs, as shall iuddenly Hide, fall, or be blown down fromany Hedge, Bank, or Land," into or upon any of the said Roads, so as to narrow or ob-ftrOd the Passage along the fame, and to carry and place the fame on any Waste Ground near thereto, so as to be no Annoyance to Travellers, and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Owners or Occupiers of the Land from w hence such Earth, Trees, Roots, or other Things, shall so Aide or fall, or be blown down as aforesaid; and the Charges of carrying away the fame (to be settled by the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in their respective Divisions) shall be reimbursed and paid to such Surveyor or Surveyors, by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeittfres for Offences against this Act are hereby directed to be recovered.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said respective Trusters, or any Five or more of them, or for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, to widen, turn, or alter the Cotirfe of any of the said Roads within each Di-vtfion, into, upon, or through any Commons or Waste Grounds, without making any Satiffadion to any Person or Persons for so doing; and also \Loc. & Per.] 7 R into*

6i7

Surveyors to

remote Annoyances, etc. and cut down Trees, Butties, etc

Penalty of a Second Offence.

Surveyors to remove Slides, from Banks, fife.

Trustees mav widen Roads, ami make new ones*

613

Trustees may conn ior the Pure hale of Lands, &e. to he hid into the Rjath.

Bodies Politick, may treat for Sale of such Lands,

O whers neglecting to treat, etc.

4.10 GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

into, upon, or through any Grounds of any Person or Persons mak* ing such Satisfaction for the same as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall judge reasonable; and for that Purpose the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to rreat, contract, and agree with the several Owners, Occupiers of, and Persons interested in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, into or through which the said Roads shall be widened, turned, or altered, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Purpose of erecting any Toll House or Toll Houses, or inclosing any Garden or Gardens from any Waite or other Land or Ground, by virtue of the Powers contained in this Act, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners, Occupiers, and Persons interested, or any of them, shall thereby sustain, and out of the Tolls granted by this Act, in the respective Division, or out of any Money to be borrowed or the Credit thereof, to pay fur such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, and for such Loss or Damage, and also the Costs and Charges attending such Agreement and Purchase; and it shall be lawful to and for ad Bodies Politick or Corporate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees of Lunaticks or Idiots, Executors, or Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of CeftuiqueTrults, wheiher Infants or Issue unb&rn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Covert or other Person or Persons whatsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert, who are or shall be feiled in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person or Persons whatsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands, Grounds or Hereditaments, to treat, contract, and agree with the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Purchase of such Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, and to sell and convey the same to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; and all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Ul'age, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Owners, Occupiers. Bodies Politick or Corporate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, Feoffees, Guardians, Executors, Administrators, or any other Person or Persons interested in such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments (upon Notice to them given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the principal or Head Officer or Officers of such Body Politick or Corporate or Corporation, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments intentled to be taken in and added to any Part of the said Reads, or into or through which such Roads arc intended to be turnrd or altered as aforesaid) shall, for the Space of Twenty-one Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence out of the Kingdom shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause such Damage and Kccoinpence to be enquired into and ascertained by a Jury

6t g

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

of Twelve indifferent Men of the Country wherein the same shall befuu-ate, and for the summoning and returning such Jury, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered from Time to Time to issue out their Warranr or Warrants to the Sheriff, or any Coroner of the said County, thereby- commanding and requiring him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons qualified to serve upon Juries at Alfizrs to appear before th'- said respective Trustees or any Five or more of ihem, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed i and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, is and are hereoy required to impannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly, to attend at the Time and Place so appointed, and out of the Pei suns lo impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said T rtiftecs, or any F'ive or more of them, are hereby empowered to Iwear Tw lveto be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid, and in Default of a sufficie it Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, or Conner, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Stand-ers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve, and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the Jurymen; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby also empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occasion be or require, to summon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath (which Oath the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, are and is hereby empowered to administer) all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises, and they shall also order and cause the said Jury to view the Places in Question, if there be Occasion, and use all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; and the said Jury shall assess what Damages will be sustained by such Owners, Occupiers, or Persons' interested by reason of the taking such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for turning such Roads into or through any Lands; Grounds, or Hereditaments, and give jn their Verdict thereupon; and after the said Jury shall have required of and afiefled such Damage, and given in their Verdict thereupon, they the said Trustees, or any Five or mote of them, shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so afieffed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners or Occupiers of or other Persons interested in the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict cr Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict or Inquisition, and the Judgement, Order, or Determination thereupon, so had and made, dial I be final, binding, and condusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Infants, Issue unborn, Idiots, Lunaticks, Femes Covert, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, Feoffees, Guardians, Committee^ as well absent as present, claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Fxpeftancy, or otherwise howsoever, and against their, several and resprctive Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and against all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever; and all and evtry such Owners and Occupiers, and other Person or Persons, anywise inte-reited in Inch Lands, Grounds, or Hetfditaments, shall, upon Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed and adjudged as aforesaid, be thereby lrom thenceforth, to all Intents and

Purposes,

Trustees to issue their Warrant to the Sheriffto impannel and summon a Jury.

Jurors niavbe challenged.

Witnesses mav

be summoned and examined upon Oath.

Verdict and Judgement to be final.

6io

Tin flees mny impose a Fine upon Sheriff, etc. miking Default in the Premises.

I

If Jury give more Damages thJin the Sum tendered, the Trulteesto pay Costs.

If Jury do not give more Damages than tendered, the Persons con-tendingto pay Colts.

Persons ab. lent to be charged with only Half the Fx pence*.

41° GEORGII III.' Cap. 38.

Purpose?, for ever diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame; and the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, acting in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reafmable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs, or Agents or Coroner, making Defau t in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or give some reasonable fexcufe for not appearing, or who shall refuse to be l'worn on the said Jury, or being so sworn shall refuse or shall not join in giving their Ver-diift, or rtiall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act,a,nd on any of the Ferlons who, being summoned to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall negltd or refuse to appear, or give some reasonable Excuse for not appearing, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence, so as no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds nor lets than Ten Pounds, upon any One Person for One Offence,

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury or Juries shall give in and and deliver a Verdict for more Money, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for such Damages, than what shall have been offered or tendered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning or returning the said Jury or Juries, then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Money srifing by virtue of this Act, widish their Division; but if any such Jury or Juries shall give in and deliver a Verdict for no more or for less Money as a Recompence or Satisfaction for such Damages, than shall have been offered or tendered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have had such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, not being interested in the Matter in Question (who is and are hereby empowered and required to examine, ascertain, and settle the fame) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person and Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided fur the Recovery of Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines.

XLIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That in case where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence as aforesaid, have been prevented from treating, One Half of such Costs and Expences shall be deducted out of the Purchase Money, and the other Half shall be paid by the said Trustees fn Manner aforesaid.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 621

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Slims "

of Money so a (reflect as aforesaid, is and are hereby charged upon the iiow to be Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act within the respective charged and District, and shall be paid thereout accordingly by the respective Trustees, tsi‘ e‘e or any Five or more of them, or their Treasurer, to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their respective Agents, and that upon Payment or Tender thereof to the Persons entitled thereto, or to their Agents respectively; and in case of Refusal to accept the fame, then upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer to the Trusteer, for the Use of such Person or Persons, and after Fourteen Days Notice thereof given to such Person or Persons, or left at the Dwelling House of the Occupiers of the Premises respectively, such Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, shall and may be laid into and made Part of the said Roads, and shal), to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be and be taken and deemed to be apublick and common Highway, and shall be from thenceforth deemed Part of the said Roads, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by itich Ways and Methods, and in all Respects, in such Manner as the old Road so widened, altered, or turned, was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after such new Road shall be completed, the Lands and Grounds comprized in or constituting the old or former lload ! (unless leading over fume Common or Walle, or to i'orae Town, Village, or Place, to which such new Road doth not lead) shall be and is hereby veiled in, and shall and may be sold by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the befl Price that can be gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act; and the Sale and Conveyance to be made of such Lands or Ground', being executed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Dcrfit, and wherein the same shall be fnuate, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, That in widening, turning, or diverting any Part or Parts of the jur'e<]. said Roads, nothing shall he done which shall or may in anywise injure or damage any House or Building, or any Garden, Yard, Orchard, Park, or Nuriery of Trees, unless the Owner or Proprietor thereof shall consent thereto.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Coverr,

Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as afmesaid, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for the respective Division, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to die Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, in Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debtor Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the [Lee. & Per.J 7 S said

Application of Compciilaiion Money wheu exce ding 200l.

622

Application where the Compilation Money does not f-xcetd aoo I. and above 20/

App’ication where the Money i3 left than to/.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Land', Grounds, or Hereditaments, or atTecting other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments standing settled cherew th, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Pur* poles; or where such Money (h ill not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Di'c&ion and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other MefTuagrs, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditament', which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be exifhng, undetermined, and capable of taking Effed; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Courr of Chancery, upon Application theieto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Tithe and until the said Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, so hereby diie&ed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to a^y Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the B-ink, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-after directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, atihe like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said respective Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twcnry Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken,

or

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 622

or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Towns, Parishes, and Places, BodieaPoIi-and the Inhabitants thereof, and all Bodies Politick and Corporate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and the Members thereof, and all other p3;10i the ' Pctfon and Persons whomsoever, who before the making this Act have Rujds, rocon-used or of Right ought, either by reason of the Tenure of any Lands or "lue Hereditaments or on any other Account or Accounts whatsoever, to re-paT any Part or Parts of the Roads hereby directed to be respectively amended, widened, or repaired, or any Bridge or Drain lying in or upon the fame, shall, notwithstanding this Act, Hill be subject and liable to and charged and chargeable with such Repairs thereof, in the same Manner as they have heretofore usually been or ought to be; and that the Inhabitants Inhabitants to of the several Towns, Parishes, and Places, in which the said Roads here- ^tute by directed to be repaired, or any Part thereof, do lie, and all and every Person and Persons occupying any Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tythes, or Hereditaments therein, who by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm are or shall be liable to perform the Duty or Work in or upon the Highways commonly called Statute Duty, shall Itill be subject and ILble to do and perform the fame, and shall and are hereby required to do and perform such and so many Days Statute Duty or Work, in or upon such Parts of the said Roads by this Act directed to be repaired as lie within such Towns,

Parishes, or Places respectively, and at such Times and Places, and in such Manner as the said Trustees for the respective Divisions, or any Five or more of them, or the Surveyor or Surveyors by them authorized, shall direct or appoint; and the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of Surveyors of and for every of the said Towns, Parishes, and Places, shall and they are jje High*»y» hereby required. Once in every Year, at ftjch Time and Place as shall be of Merloni " 4 appointed by the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, wt>o »i* i.ab'e Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing being given to such Surveyor or work"'*'4' Surveyors, or left at his or their Place of Abode, to deliver to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or at their Surveyor or Surveyors, true and perfect Lifts in Writing, under the respective Hands of such Surveyor or Surveyors, for such Towns, Parishes, or Places, of the Names of all the Inhabitants of or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Woods,

Tythes, or Hereditaments within such Towns, Parishes, and Places ref-ptftively, and of all other Person or Persons who are liable to do Statute Duty in or upon the said Highways, and shall in such Lifts distinguish the Names of the several Persons who do or shall keep a Team, Waggon,

Wain, Putt, or Carr, and what Number of Horses or other Bealts of Draught, and the Names of the several Inhabitants and other Persons who occupy therein any Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tythes, or Hereditaments, and the yearly Value thereof respectively, and likewise which of the said Inhabitants, not occupying Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tythes, or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, do keep One or more Cart or Carts, or One or more Horse or Horses, or Bead or Beasts of Draught, only used to draw in such Carts upon the said Highways, or a Coach, Port: Chaise, Chair, or other Wheel Carriage; and shall also in such Lifts set forth an Account of all the Highways within such Towns,

8 Parishes,

62

4*

and to give notice of do jrg Statute Work.

Penalty for

not giving such LIII or Not.ce.

Penalties for not performing biatute Duties.

perfom not working may be turned awa;.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Parishes, and Places respectively, which are liable to be repaired by Law, and of the Extent, Length, and Condition thereof; and the said Su veyor or Surveyors of every such Town, Parish, or Place, (bail f om 'Lime to Time give to or cause to be left at the Honfc or usual Place of Abode of every Person or Persons liable to do or peiforth any Stature Duty or Labour upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, Three Days Not.ce at the lead of the Day, Hour, and Place upon which the said Stature Duty or Labour shall by the said rdpe£live Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by the Surveyor or Surveyors, be directed or appointed to be performed; and if any such Surveyor or Surveyors of any Town, Parish, or Place, shall not deliver to the said respective Trustees, or to their Surveyor or Surveyors, such true and perfect Lifts as aforesaid, at such Times and in such Manner as shall be appointed as aforesaid, or shall refule to verify the fame on Oath as aforesaid, or shall not give or leave, in Manner aforesaid, such Notices of the Times and Places to be directed or appointed for performing such Statute Duty, every such Surveyor shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings; and every Person liable by Law to fend One or more Waggon or Waggons, Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains, Putt or Putts, or other Carriage or Carriages, furnished after the Custom of the Country, or furnished with not Jels than 'I hree Hor'es, or Four Oxen and One Horse, or Two Oxen and Two Horses, and Two able Men to each, making Default therein, shall, for every such Default, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twelve Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, and every Person liable by Law to fend One or more Cart or Carts wi;h One or Two Horses or Beasts of Draught only, used to draw such Carts upon the Highways, with One Labourer to attend each Cart, who shall make Default therein, shall forfeit, for every Default in fending a Cart with Two Hotles and One Man, any Sum not exceeding Seven Shillings nor less than Five Shillings, and for every Default in lending a Cart with One Horse and One Man, any Sum not exceeding Four Shillings nor lrfs than Three Shillings, and every Person making Default in lending such Labourer or Labourers as by Law he or she is Fable to fend at the Time and Place and in Manner to be directed as aforesaid, shall, for every such Neglect or Default, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings nor less than One Shill ng and Sixpence; and if any Person finding a Waggon, Wain, Cart, Putr, or Carriage as aforesaid, shall not fend therewith a sufficient Labourer besides the Driver (except with Carts with One or Two Horses or Beast of Draught only) or if any such Labourer or Driver, cr the Driver of any Care required to perfc rm the Statute Duty as aforesaid, shall refuse to work and labour during the Space of Eight Houis in each Day, according to the Directions of the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said respective Trustees, or if any Driver shall refuse or omit to carry sufficient Loads (which are hereby declared to be Twenty-six hundred Weight for every Cart or Putt, and Forty hundred Weight for every Waggon) it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees to discharge every such Wain, Waggon, Cart, Putt, Carriage, or Labourer, and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall recover from the Owner of every such Waggon, Wain, Carr, Putt, or Carriage, and from every such Labourer, the Forfeiture which every such Person or Persons would have incurred by virtue of this Act, in case no such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Putt, Carriage, or Labourer re-speiftively, had come or been lent to work upon the said Roads; provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to

extend

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 625

extend to empower any Highway Surveyor to perform or prepare the Lift or Account in Writing of Annual Value of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, by this Act required to be returned and delivered, in any other Manner, or by any other Means, than are prescribed or authorized by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majest/s Reign, commonly called the General Turnpike Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said reflective Trustees, or Trustees may any Five or more of them (not being anyways interested therein), may ^t'{^‘Wor'(r and are hereby authorized and empowered to compound with any Person or Persons whomsoever for the Repairs to be by them done upon the T id Roads within each Division, and nlfo with the several Inhabit mts of and Occup ers of Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tythes, and Hereditaments, in the several Towns, Parishes, and Places in which the said Roads heie-by directed to be repaired, or any Part or Parts thereof, lie, or with the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the said Towns, Paddies, or Places respectively, for the Statute Duty to be by them respectively done upon the said Roads, at and for such Rates or Sum and Sums of M mey, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees (not interested therein), or any Five or more of them, and the said Person or Persons so compounding, shall agree upon; and such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, having the Consent of the Inhabitants, of their respective Parishes or places, or the Majority of them at ariy publidk Meeting to be held for that Purpose, is and are hereby empowered to contract and agree with the said Trustees (not interested), or any Five or more of them, for any grols Annual Sum to be paid by their respective Parish or Place for or in lieu of the Statute Duty to be done and performed by all the Inhabitants of such Parish or Placet which said Money so to be compounded or agreed for, shall be paid in Advance to the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to the Treasurer, and shall be applied and laid out in repairing such Part of the said Roads in respect whereof such Compost-tion Money was paid; and the Suveyor of the Highways so compounding and paying such Composition Money as aforesaid, for the whole Statute Duty of such Parish or Place, shall be repaid and reitnbursed the fame in such Manner and by such Methods as Surveyors of the Highways are by Law authorized to raise Money for buying Materials for repairing Highways, and Fourteen Days publr k Notice of every Meeting of the said Trustees for making such Compofuion shall be given as herein-after mentioned.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if the Surveyor or Surveyors of Surveyors the Highways of any of the said Towns, Parishes, or Places wherein any ‘fh*PQuu-Part or Pa'ts of the said Roads directed by this Act to be repaired doth ter Scir ns Or do lie, shall think the said Trustees, or the Surveyor or Surveyors, 'n",gr|jfe%ta' have or hath directed or appointed too large a Portion of Statute Duty to tute Duty. be performed by the Inhabitants of any Town, Parish, or Place to be done on the said Roads, it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways to appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County wherein the same shall be situate next after such Direction or Appointment shall be made or given, unless the tame shall be made within Fourteen Days next preceding Rich Quarter Sessions, and then to the Second Quarter Sessions next after such Direction and Aopoint-ment; and the Justices in their Lid respective Quarter Sessions are here-[Lrr. L? Per.] 7 T by

626

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

by authorized and empowered finally to adjust and determine what Portion of Statute Work for any Town, Parish, or Place, shall be done on the said Roads by this Act directed to be repaired, such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways having first given Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appe.d to the Surveyor or Surveyors appointed by the said Trustees.

All Contracts

LII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Contrafts and Agree-b^'rutuis mi-'nIS made and entered into by or between the said respective Trustees, and otiurs or any Five or more of them, at any of their Meetings to be held in pur-deemed valid, fuance f)f this Act, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, by the Direction or Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and any Person whomsoever, relating to any Act, Matter, or Thing to be done or performed in Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted and reduced, or put into Writing, and signed by the Parties thereto, shall be good, valid, and binding, as well upon the said Trustees as upon all other Paitres thereto, his, her, and their Executor*, Administrators, and Assigns , and in calc of Breach thereof, Actions may be broughc and maintained, and Damages and Costs recovered thereon, against the Party or Parties not performing the fame, or specifick Performance thereof may be decreed as in any other Cafe of Contrafts or Agreements between any other Person whomsoever.

Agreements

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Agree-the'lorm'" ments for letting any of the Tolls granted by any of the former Acts, rtCts 10con- which now are or before the Commencement of this Act shall be made w'VIf'an'iin c'lc ^ru^ees acting under and by virtue of either of such former tl.' Ueivn'i'oY Acts, the Terms whereof shall not have expired at the Commencement of those Acts. this Act, and all other Agreements made by the said Trustees, shall continue and remain in full Force, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said former Acts.

Penalty on hajl ng Timber, &c. ctherwifethan on Wheel Carriages.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Trees or Tree, Pieces or Piece of Timber, or any Stone or Stones, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, which shall be conveyed by any Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

r>°afurcii^and ^V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or

/*eVoiu:s more of them, shall cause the said Roads within their respective Divisi-

erected- ons to be measured, and Stones or Posts to be let up on the Sides of the said Roads at the Distance of One Mile from each other, with Inscriptions to be made thereon, denoting the Number of Miles from any Town Penal'v on or Place> a°d also proper Direction Posts, as they shall think fit; and if

iieitroying any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, pull down, dig up, injure, or them. destroy any of the Stones or Posts already set or to be set on the said

Roads, or erase, obliterate, or deface any Inscription made thereon, or cause or procure the same to be done, every such Person lo offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings for every such Scone or Post lo pulled down, broken, dug up, injured, or destroyed, obliterated, or defaced.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 627

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall ride upon on any Footway adjoining to the said Roads, or shall drive any Horle, Cat- Foitpithu tic, or Swine, or any Carriage thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to any Footway, or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads, shall suffer the same to flop on the Roatls, or to root up and damage the fame, or any Part thereof, or any Hedge or Fence on either Side thereof, or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaifc, Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage, upon the said Roads, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the left Side of the said Road, or if any Peif n shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passinghim or them upon the said Roads, or the Coach, Waggon, Chatfe, Cart, or other Carriage under his Care* or if any Person shall make or afTifl in making any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonfires, or other Fire or Fires for binding of \\ heels, burning Pigs, or otherwise, or shall kill any Pigs,

Sheep, or Calves, in or upon any Part of the said Roads, or in the publick Streets of either of the before-mentioned Towns or Plares, or shall set Fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, on any Parr or Parts of the said Roads; or if any Pc>son shall leave any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, Wain, or other Carriage, in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Hoads, or on any Footway on the Side thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Inconvenience of Per-l'ons travelling or passing thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Five Shillings.

LVII. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Forftcuring Persons unknown to the Colkftors, Surveyors, or other Officers, appointed to put this Act in Execution; be it thererore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as they or any of them shall call to their or any of their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Au-r thoriry than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offerees, and take him, her, or them, before any Joffice of the Peace of the County, and near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, and such Justtce is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons fooff. nding to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance ac the next General Quarter Sessions to be holden within and for the County wherein the same shall arise, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Session, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the J offices at such Session as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the same County, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until he, she, or they shall

sooner

628

Trustees may sue and b? fact! in the Name of their C'.erk.

Penalties and Forfeiture*, how to be recoveted and applied.

Person* aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter StiHons.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees may foe and be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act within their respective D lbift, in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, and that no Action or Suit, to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any fuc’n Clerk, or by the Act of any such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but that the respective Clerks for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be demed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be in every such Action or Suiti

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all tines. Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed or inflicted, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed, shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One of the Justices of the Peace for the County wherein the same shall arise, either by Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of One credible Wirnels (which Oath any such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace (which Warrant or AVarrants any such Justice is hereby empowered to grant) and the Overplus, after such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress, and of keeping and felling the fame, are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when so levied and recovered, shall from Time to Time be paid to the Trustees for the respective Division, or any Five or more of them, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers, and shall be applied (if not otherwise particularly directed by this Act) for and towards amending the said Roads, and other the Purposes of this Act, within that Division; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, and such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for any such Justice, aid he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause fuc h Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol for the said Counties Wills, Dorset, and Somerset, or such of them as the Cile may require, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for such Tune as.such Justice shall direct, noc exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending die fame, shall be founer paid and satisfied.

LX. And be it fu'ther enactad, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Tiling done in pursuance of this Act (except in such Cases where the final Determination is directed by this Act) and for which no particular Method of Reli f hath been hereby appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County

where'11

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 629

wherein the Matter in Qurftion shall arise, within Three Calendar Month* after the Caule of Complaint shall have arisen, futh Person appealing first giving or causing to be given Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Caule or Matter thereof, to the respective Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trufices, and within Three Days after such Notice entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties, in any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds nor less than Fifty Pounds, conditioned to try such A ppeal, and abide by the Order of, and to pay such Celts as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at the Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear arid finally determine the causes and Matters of every such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of the said Justices in their said Quarter Sessions shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Conviction, Judge- rroceeding, rtient, or other Proceeding to be had or made in pursuance of this Act, not to be re. shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, nor shall be removed cv,*r«r/.°y or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money, to be levied by Virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Notice, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relative thereto \ nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio on Account of any Irregularity which shall be af-erwardsdone by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe; but no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other wrongful Proceeding by virtue of this Act, if, before such Action is brought. Tender of fufneient Amends shall be made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall commit, or cause to be committed any such Irregularity, Trefpjfs, or wrongful Proceeding.

LXII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Action Prosecutora or Prosecution shall be brought or prosecuted in pursuance of this border of*’ Act, or by the Order and Direction of the said respective Trustees, Truitt", and or any Five or moie of them, the said Trustees, or any F'ive or more of them, shall, out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act order, int within their Division, allow and pay to the Prosecutor, or the Person or demnified. Persons in whose Name or Names such Action or Prosecution shall be brought or prefrnted, all such reasonable Costs and Charges as such Person or Persons shall be really and bond fide out of Pocket by reason of every such Action or Prosecution, or of any Judgement or Determination therein; and shall and may also out of the said Monies indemnify all such Person or Persons as shall be prosecuted, or shall have any Action or Actions brought against him, her, or them, for or by Reason of any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, by the Direction {Lk. ft? Per.2 7 U and

630

Proceedings to be entered in a Book.

Publick Notice to be given of Meetings*

limitation of Actions.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

and under the Authority of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, provided the Defence of such last mentioned Prosecution, or Action or Actions, be made, undertaken, ordered, or directed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them.

LXIII. And be it further enacted.That full, true, and fair Accounts and Entries of all the Monies which shall be collected, borrowed, arid received, laid out, expended, and paid by virtue of this Act, and of all Debts due to or from the said Trustees, and all Orders, Acts, Resolutions, Determinations, Matters, Proceedings, and Things, which shall be nude or done by the Trustees in the Execution of this Act, with respect of each of the said Divisions, shall from Time to Time be duly and regularly entered in One or more Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the Trustees of eachDivilion i and that all and every Person or Persons whomsoever may peruse and inspect such Book or Booksata.1 reasonableTimes without Fee or Reward, and may from Time to Time take Copies of all or any Partor Parts df such Book or Books; and I'uth Orders, Acts, Resolutions, Determinations, and Proceedingsfoeiuered, Ihallbesigned by the Clerk or Clerks, and being so signed shall be deemed and taken to be Originals; which said Books, and also the Book anti Books directed to be kept for entering the said Certificates, Assignments, and Transfers, and likewise the Books in which are entered the Proceedings and Accounts of the Trustees in Execution of the said former Acts, shall and may be produced, admitted, and read in Evidence in all Courts and Places whatsoever.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Notice is by this Act directed to be given of any Meeting of the said Trustees, or of any Thing to be done by the said Trustees, or any of them, in Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, such Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Trustees for the respective Division, or by any Five or more of the said Trustees, and affixed upon some conspicuous Part of the Outside of the Town Halls of Shaftesbury or Sherborne aforesaid, as the Case may require, and shall likewise be affixed on the Turnpike Gates within the respective Division, or otherwise be inserted in some Publick Newspaper which shall then be circulated in the respective Counties of Wilts, Dorset, and Scnurfet, at least Fourteen Days before the intended Meeting for the doing of such Act, of which Notice is so required to be given as aforesaid, unless in such Cases where any particular Tune is' hereby otherwise directed, for which such Notice shall be given, and then for the Time so particularly directed and that in every such Notice the Time of Meeting of the said Trustees, and the particular Buftntfs or Thing intended to be transacted or done thereat, shall be mentioned and set forth, to the End that all the said Trustees may have an Opportunity of being sufficiently apprized thereof.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no Action at Law shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing d me or to be done by virtue of this Act, until after Twenty-eight Days Notice thereof shall have been given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Perfor. or Persons against whom such Action is intended to be brought, thereby setting forth the particular Catife of such Action, or after Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or 1 after

631

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

after Three Calendar Months next afeer the Fadb or Cause of such Action shall have aril'en; and every such Action shall be brought and laid in the County wherein the Cause of Complaint shall ariie, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by virtue and Authority of this Act; and if on the Trial of such Action it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action shall be brought before the Expiration of Twenty-eight Days next after such Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, or after sufficient Tender or Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after the End of Three Calendar Mon'hs next after the Fact or Cause of such Action shall have arisen, or if such Action shall be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every of the said Cases the Jury on the Trial of furh Action or Actions shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants therein: And in all Cases where a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Action, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonsuited, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs then and in every of such Case the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have Treble Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for recovering the fame, as Defendants have for recovering his, her, or their Cells in any other Cafe by Law.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on the next Monday Three Weeks after the passing of this Act, and shall continue and be in Force from that Time for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and raken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

[General Issue.]

Limiting the Term ol th:* Act, and declaring it to be a Publick One.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiian, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

j1r r 3

: -

Wild iW 1 - O

V *% ' ' T'i- i tj:' ! . I

r N.\ V ...... I Wn.:

(st d-,; r < ./ '

c

-i «»T c >r. ...: . j«r i* <» am

: '. 'J ;! 1 j'jfirtsY 2 ftjtfi !.' ’IU.1 J fl f.*ri?

XT Til . 1". J?U

VV.'*<H V. '(tilt ;\ti ftfcBrr I ,v , 4

.1 tv. i"t:ar, V- >.« nu *« f t srt* .: tn> it . f*: i ~ii 1! tH& /f!

!:rH r *} i{it&hit > t I i-Y ;% .,ifes«

' . *f./J: ,j I V; wm rt

TforrHO i

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

4ME*¥¥ 4Ht*4t4|H|ejH»

Cap. 39.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Ninth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying open and widening certain Ways, Passages, Streets, and Places within the Town, of Birmingham, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and also for regulating HacEney Coaches and Chairs, and the Drivers of all Carriages in the said Town; for laying open and widening certain ' other Streets and Places there; for further regulating the Police of the said Town, and the Manner of laying out and paving new Streets there; and for other Purposes.

[21st May 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was paired in the Ninth Year of the Reign preamble.

of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An 9 on. Ill, Act for laying open and widening certain Ways and Passages recited. within the ‘Town of Birmingham, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets,

Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein: And whereas an Act was passed in the Thir- 13 Geo. III. teenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty to amend the said recited Act, and for widening certain other Streets and Places; for establishing a [Loc. & Per, I 7 X nightly

634-

Additional

Commission-

eri.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

nightly Watch; and for regulating Carts and Carmen employed in the said Town: And whereas a considerable Progress has been made in the Execution of the said Acts, but the Powers thereby given are found insufficient in several Particulars for answering the Purposes for which the said Acts were made; and it is necessary that the fame should be altered and amended, and particularly that Power should be given to raise Money for defraying the Expences of executing the said Acts and this Act: And whereas, from the great Increase of the Number of Inhabitants within, and of Persons resorting to the said Town, and of the Houses erected and erecting within the same, it is necessary that fotne Powers and Provisions should be granted and made for regulating the laying out and paving of Streets, and other publick Passages and Places there; and also for widening and rendering more commodious forne other of the present Streets, Roads, and Passages; for ascertaining the Boundaries and Limits of the said Town; for regulating of Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Drivers of all Carriages within the said Town; and generally for the well ordering of the Police in the said Town; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon the Firfi: Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Clauses, Matters, and Things whatsoever contained in the said recited Acts, except such or so much thereof as shall be repealed, varied, altered, or rendered unnecessary by this Act, shall be extended to this Act, and be deemed as Part hereof, and shall operate and be in full Force in respect to this Act, and all the Purposes thereof, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein repeated and specially enacted; and this Act, and all the Powers, Authorities, Regulations, and Provisions herein contained, shall commence and take Effect upon the said First Day of June, and be thenceforth executed, together with the said formerAfts, for the several Purposes therein and herein respectively contained.

II. And be it further enacted, That Edward Bower, Edward Brijlowe, Joseph Blunt, Robert Butcher, Thomas Brown, William Bingley, John Clarke Druggist, John Cope Mercer, Thomas Clowes, John Clarke of Paradise Street, Richard Tapper Cadbury, William Walter Capper, William Chance, John Duperoy, Vincent Eagle, Samuel Gallon, William Gilby Doctor of Physick, Thomas Hadley, John Heely, Benjamin Hughes, Edward Hughes, Thomas Hutton, Thomas Ketland, Matthew Linwood, William Lycett, George Lander, William Mewis, Theodore Price, Richard Pratchet, John Parsons Draper, Philemon Price, Thomas Phipjon, Theophilus Richards, Samuel Rogers, John Ryland, George Simcox, John Startin, Benjamin Stokes, John Turner of Snow Hill, James Woolley, William Whitmore, and John Webb Draper, shall be, and are hereby added to and joined with the Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of the said former Acts; and that the Commissioners hereby appointed, together with the surviving or remaining Commissioners appointed by orelefted in pursuance of the said formerAfts, shall be and they and their Successors to be hereafter elected, are hereby declared to be Commissioners for putting the said former Acts and this Act: in Execution, dnring such Time as they

10 shall

635

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

shall be qualified, or shall not be rendered incapable of ailing in Manner prescribed by and pursuanc to the Terms of the said first recited Ail and this Act for Qualification or Disqualification of Commissioners: Provided always, That in Cafe any Commissioner shall not attend at lead twice in every Year, to be computed from the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, at fume of the Meetings to be held for putting the said Acts and this Act in Execution, then and in every such Case, every such Person shall cease to be, and shall and is hereby declared to be disqualified from ailing as a Commissioner as aforesaid, and another Person shall and may be appointed in his Room, unless such Commissioner shall have been prevented from attending as aforesaid by Absence from Home, Illness, or other Sufficient Cause of Excuse, to be approved of by the said Commissioners: Provided also, That fuel) Person so becoming disqualified to ail as a Commissioner shall not thereby become incapable of being again appointed a Commissioner.

III. And whereas the Quorum of Commissioners appointed by the said For irfT nirg recited Acts in many Cases is found to be too large; be it therefore the Quorum enacted, That all Acts, Matters, Powers, and Things which by the said Acts and this Act are authorized, directed, and required to be 3' done, executed, performed, and determined by or before the said Commissioners, or any Number of them, shall and may from Time to Time be done, executed, performed, and determined by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them; and the same shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, the said recited Acts, or either of them, or any Thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas by the said last recited Act the said Commissioners Extending are authorized and empowered to make and ordain such Orders, Rules, the Provi-and Bye Laws for the better governing and regulating Carters and Car- fion ,e a;'ng men plying and being within the said Town, for the carrying and con- r0rfgu’ veying of Coals and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as in the Drivers of said Act particularly mentioned; and it will be greatly for the Benefit Cam, tfr. and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of all

Persons passing through or along the Streets and other publick Passages and Places, that such Powers and Authorities should be extended as herein-before mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That all the Powers,

Provisions, and Authorities by the said Act granted, given, and made for making and ordaining Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws for the better governing and regulating the Carters and Carmen in the said Act mentioned (except so much as relates to ascertaining the Rates and Prices of Cartage) shall extend and be applicable to, and shall and may be exercised, performed, and enforced, for the better governing and regulating of all Coaches, Chaises, Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages whatsoever, and of the Drivers thereof respectively, and for governing and regulating the Manner of loading and unloading all such Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, as fully and effectually to all Incents and Purposes as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Owner of every Waggon, Owrers to Cart, Sledge, Dray, Hand Cart, and Wheelbarrow, uled in any Street, P"‘,he,r Lane, Way, or Passage within the said Town, shall cause his or her Name oudwVtbei,

and Waggonj,

636 41° GEORGII III. Cap.

and Place of Abode to be painted in large White Capital Letters, on i Black Ground, Two Inches high at the lead, and of a proportional Breadth, on some conspicuous Part of the Outside of every such Waggon* Sledge, Dray, or Carriage, or Hand Cart, or Wheelbarrow and every Owner of any Waggon, Sledge, Dray, or other Carriage, or Hand Cart, or Wheel Barrow, which shall pass along any such Street, Lane, Way, or Passage as aforesaid, without having such Name and Placeiof Abode , painted as herein-before directed; and every Person who shall erase, deface, or destroy the fame, or any Part thereof, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings nor lets than Two Shillings and Sixpence.

At what

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Necessary Hoafe or Rog thr^House'1" House, Pig Sty or Dung Hole, within the said Town, shall be emptied shall beemp- at any other Time than between the Hours of One and Nine in the tied. Morning; and if any Person or Persons shall empty any such Necessary

House or Bog House at any other Time, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to constitute, ordain, and provide from Time to Time such Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders as they shall think fit, for licensing and authorizing a sufficienc Number of Hackney Coaches and Sedan Chairs within the said Town of Birmingham, and for regulating and ordering such Hackney Coaches and Sedan Chairs, and in what Manner the Owners, Drivers, and Carriers, thereof respectively shall conduct and behave themselves; and also in what Manner such Hackney Coaches and Sedan Chairs shall be furnished and provided; and forascertaining and fixing, altering and removing the Stands from Time to Time; and for trying, adjudging, and punishing the Misconduct, and Misbehaviour of Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen within the said Town; and for ascertaining what Fares and Prices, as well for Time as Distance, shall be allowed to be taken by such Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen within the said Town; and to what Distance such Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen shall be obliged to drive, go, and come in and through the said Town, not exceeding for such Coachman Four Miles, and not exceeding for such Chairman One Mile, and their Rates and Fares to be taken for the fame; and the said Commissioners may from Time to Time, as they shall think fit, repeal, alter, or amend such Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, or any of them, and shall ascertain and set down what pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be incurred by Persons breaking or evading the fame, or any of them, provided that no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall exceed the Sum of Three Pounds for any one Offence.

Coaches and

VIII. And be it further enacted, That within Ten Days next after Chairs to be the Owner or Owners of every Hackney Coach or Sedan Chair shall be numbered, licensed, according to the Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders of the said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act, every such Owner or Owners of such Hackney Coach or Sedan Chair shall affix and keep such Figure or Number as shall be respectively appointed by the said Commissioners, on some conspicuous Part of such Coach and Sedan Chair respectively, and shall leave at the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the

Power to make Bye Laws, for regulating Hackney Coaches, tfc.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 3q.

the Time being, with such Clerk, or with his principal Clerk or Assistant there, a true Account in Writing of his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode, with the Figure or Number of each Coach or Sedan Chair, and so from Time to Time every such licensed Owner or Owners of such Hackney Coach or Sedan Chair shall, within Seven Days after his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode shall be changed, give the like Account at the said Office, upon Pain that every such Owner or Owners of such Hackney Coach or Sedan Chair shall for every Refusal or Neglect so to do, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if the Driver of any Coach, or the Carrier or Carriers of any Sedan Chair shall be found (landing or plying for Hire, or using such Coach or Sedan Chair in the said Town, without such Licence as aforesaid, or having such Licence, shall be found plying or (landing for Hire at a different Place or Standing than the Place or Standing for which such Licence shall be granted, the Owner or Owners, or Driver or Drivers of, or the Person or Persons driving or offering to drive such Coach, and the Owner or Owners, Carrier or Carriers of such Sedan Chair, without or contrary to such Licence as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty shillings nor less than F ive Shillings.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay on Demand any licensed Hackney Coachman or Hackney Chairman the Money justly due to him for the Fare, under or in pursuance of any Licence or Bye Law made in pursuance of this Act, or shall wilfully cut, deface, break, or injure any such licensed Coach, or Horse or Horses, or the Harness of the fame, or any licensed Chair, within any Part of the Limits which such Hackney Coach or Chair is or shall be licensed and compellable to go, drive, or carry, it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of and for the County of WarKick, upon any Complaint thereof made to him or them, to grant his or their Summons against the Person or Persons complained of, to appear before him or them, at some Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, to answer the Matter of the said Complaint, and on Proof on Oath or Affirmation of the Service thereof, to proceed in and to hear the Matter of the said Complaint on Oath or Affirmation, whether the Person summoned appears or not (except for some reasonable Excuse) and to make such Order therein as to such Justice or Justices shall appear to be just; and if the Person or Persons against whom such Order shall be made do not immediately pay down, or cause to be paid down, the Money (if any) that shall be ordered as a Satisfaction to the Person or Persons for the Service or Injury done, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby required and directed to grant his or their Warrant of Distress against the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refuting or declining to pay, to be taken in any Place wherever found, and the same to sell and dispose of, and, out of the Monies arising by or from such Sale, to pay the Monies so awarded to the Person or Persons to whom awarded, together with such Cods as such Justice or Justices shall think reasonable, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and if noDiftreis can be found, then to commit the Person or Persons against whom such Order shall be made to the Common Gaol of the said

[L«. & Ptr.] 7 T Town,

637

Penalty on chr Driver of any Coach, &c. offending

Infliding a Penalty on Persons not paying Hackney Coachmen, tsfe. or injuring any Coach,

Chair, or Basket.

638

Bye Laws to be pubbibed in the Newspapers.

For widening Streets deferred in the Schedule.

Misnomer, or wrong Description in the Schedule not to prevent the Execution of this Act.

When Houses or other Buildings prosecting into any Street are taken down to be rebuilt, the Commissioners may order the same to be fee back*

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

Town, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, nor less than One Day there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, unless the Money is looner paid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That a Copy of the several Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws by this Act authorized to be made shall be printed, and signed by the Clerk to the Paid Commissioners; and that publick Notice when they are to take place shall be given by Advertisement in all the Newspapers then published in the Town of Birmingham, Fourteen Days at lead before any such Rule, Order, or Bye Law shall be executed or take Effect.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have, and they are hereby vetted with full Power and Authority to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of, and all other Persons inie-rested in the Houses, Buildings, Grounds, and Estates mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and to purchase and become seised or possesstd of the fame; and upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon for such Purchases, or adjudged qr determined in Manner prescribed for the like Purposes by the said first recited Act, to cause such Houses and Buildings, or so much thereof as shall be nectfliiry, to be pulled down, and such Grounds, and the Grounds whereon such Houses and Buildings now (land, or so much thereof as shall be necessary to be laid open for or towards the widening, enlarging, and improving the Streets, Roads, Passages, and Places described in the said Schedule.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar if any of the Messuages, Buildings, Grounds, Hereditaments, and PremilVs mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or any of the Persons in whose Possession or Occupation the fame, or any Part thereof are oris (fated or described to be, shall happen to be misnamed or inaccurately described, such Misnomer or inaccurate Description shall not prevtntor retard the Execution of this Act t, but the lame Premises and every Part thereof shall and may be purchased and fold, or afieffed and valued by a Jury, and conveyed, disposed of, and applied for and to the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame was more properly named or described in the said Schedule.

XIV. A’mI be it further enacted, That whenever any House or other Building, (landing in any Street, Lane, Way, or Passage within the said Towm, and prosecting beyond the regular Line of such Street, Lane, Way, or Passage, or of the Range of Buildings adjoining thereto, shall be taken down and rebuilt, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they think proper, to require and compel the Owner or Owners thereof, when the same shall be rebuilt, to cause such House or other Building to be set back in and according to such regular Line as aforesaid, and to give such Directions, and make such Orders in Writing under their Hands for that Puruofe, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and to cause the same to be delivered to or left at the House, or lad or tifual Place of Abode of such Owner or Owners, some or One of them T and if any House or other Building shall be built or erected contrary to such Directions and Orders, the same shall be and be deemed to be an

Encroachment,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 639

Encroachment, Nuisance, and Annoyance within the Intent and Meaning of the said last recited Act, and be removed or removeable as such:

Provided always nevertheless,.That full Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to the Owner or Owners of and all Persons interested in the Premises for any Loss or Damage he, she, or they may sustain by such House or other Building being lb set back; and all the Powers, Provisions, and Clauses contained in the said recited Acts or this Act with respect to the Houses or other Buildings thereby and hereby particularly authorized to be taken down, shall extend, and apply, and be applicable to any House or other Building so to be let back as aforesaid, and to making Compensation and Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners thereof and Persons interested therein, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were now repeated and re enacted.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any new Street with- Whenany

in the said Town shall be laid out and formed, or any Street shall be at Street i> built

any Time extended, the Owners and Proprietors of the Houses, Build- or extended,

ings, and Premises adjoining to such Street or Extension of Street, when

and so soon as Three Fourth Parts thereof shall be built, shall, and they mjfes ar;jjin-

are hereby required to cause the Square of their Houses, Buildings, or ing to cause

Premises in the Middle of such new or extended Street, both in the Car- 'he 10

riage and Footway, to be paved in such Manner, as the said CommilQon- ' pave '

ers shall direct; and all such Houses, Buildings, or Premises, and the

Owners and Occupiers thereof respectively shall, for the Space of Ten

Years from the Time such Pavement shall be completed, be exempted

from being charged or assessed to or paying any of the Rates or AffelT-

ments, commonly called Highway Levies, within the said Town or Parish

of Birmingham.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person or Per- Commission-fons shall intend to make or lay out any new Street within the said Town, ers empower to extend any old Street, he or they shall give Notice thereof to the said Commissioners, by Writing delivered to their Clerk, or left at his new SlfettJ Office or Place of Abode, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they think proper, to appoint a Surveyor or other Person or Persons to adjust, settle, and fix the Level, of such Street, and the same shall for ever after be conformed to by all Persons erecting any House or other Building within the Limits of such Street; and if any Person shall not conform thereto, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeic and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Two Pounds: Provided nevertheless, That in case the said Commissioners shall not cause such Level to be fixed as aforesaid within the Space of One Calendar Month from the Time of the Delivery of such Notice as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for them to cause the same to be afterwards donel

XVII. And whereas the Rates by the said last recited Act authorized For laying to be raised will be inefficient to defray the Expences or carrying into additional Execution the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act; be it therefore Ri,ea-enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners tro.n Tline

to Time, as they may think proper, to raise and increase the said Rues in Mmner follow.ng; (tnac is to lav), to any Sum not exceeding in the Whole Sixpence in the PounJ, upon all Preiniles in the said last recited

8 Act

640

For horrow-ini> Money by murtgag ing the Rates,

Application of Compen iation where exceeding aoo I.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

Act mentioned, being under the Yearly Rent or Value of Twenty Pounds, and to any Sum not exceeding Nine-pence in the Pound, on all such Premises of the Yearly Rent or Value of Twenty Pounds and upwards; which said Rates shall and may be laid, raised, levied, recovered, and applied in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as by the said last recited Act is provided with respect to the Rates thereby authorized to be laid and raised: Provided always nevertheless, That no Person or Persons shall be left out of the said Rates or Assessinencs, or beex-cufed from paying the fame without the Content of the said Commissioners; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, or any other Law or Statute, or any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas it will be necessary to borrow Money, for the more speedy and effectual carrying the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts and this Act into Execution; be it therefore enacted, That.it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raise, borrow, and take up, and receive of and from any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be willing to lend and advance the fame, any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, not exceeding hive thousand Pounds over and above the Money which they are authorized to borrow by the said last recited Act, foas the whole Money which shall be owing or undischarged in respect thereof at any One Time do not exceed the Sum of Six thousand Pounds; and the said Commissioners from Time to Time are hereby empowered by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage for any certain Term or Number of Years, a Fifth Par: or Share of the Yearly Revenue or Income to arise from the respective Rates or Assessments hereby and by the said Acts granted, or any Part or Parts thereof, to such Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall advai ce or tend the fame, for securing the Payment thereof with Interest, or may tell and secure Annuitits, payable Quarterly for the natural Life or Lives of such Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay any Sum or Sums of Money on the natural Life or Lives of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by and on Behalf of such respective Contributors at the Time of Payment of their respecti ve Contribution Monies, to be paid out of the Fifth Part or Share of the yearly Rates or Aflrflinrnts in lieu of any Sum or Sums of Money to be by them borrowed or ratted for the Ends or Purposes aforesaid, and so as the Money to be raised, both by Mortgage of the said Fifth Part or Share of the Rates, and by Annuities payable thereout, shall, at no one Time exceed the Sum of Six thousand Pounds; and that the Costs and Charges occasioned by the borrowing and securing such Money and granting such Annuities shall be paid out of the Rates to be raised by virtue of the said Acts and this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Aces and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Acts or either of them particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank

64-1

4-i° GEORGII III. Cap. 39,

of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery> to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Commissioners for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Prr-fons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or to the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Applicat'on greed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments pur- where the chafed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corpo'ration, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity 200 / not as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall ier, than exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame *o /.

shall, (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option), to Two Trustees to be nominaeed by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Seven or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be appli-[Ler.yPcr,] 7 Z cable.

642

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

cable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application where the Money is less than 20/.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Forafcer-

XXII. And whereas Doubts may arise respecting the Boundaries or Boundaries of ^'m'ts t*le Town be it therefore enacted, That it shall be law-ihTo*wn. ^or Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to ascertain and fix the Limits or Boundaries of the said Town of Birmingham, within the Parish of Birmingham only; of which Day or Days of Meeting for that Purpose, and of the Hour and Place of Meeting of the said Commissioners to ascertain and fix the fame, Notice shall be given in some Newspaper published or circulated in the said Town of Birmingham, and also a like Notice shall be affixed on the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Saint Martin’s in Birmingham aforesaid, and of each Church within the several Parishes and Places whole Boundaries adjoin to the said Parish of Birmingham, for Two Sundays before such Day or Days of meeting; and the Limits or Boundaries so fixed from Time to Time shall be and be deemed and taken to be, to all Intents and Purposes, the Limits or Boundaries of the said Town for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this net j and the said recited Acts and this Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, and Authorities herein contained, shall extend to, and be executed and put in Force within such Limits or Boundaries.

Declaring

XXIII. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That in all Actions, that Inhabit- Prosecutions, Informations, causes, Inquiries, and Proceedings whatsoever anu shall be re]ating to or concerning the Execution of the said Acts or this Act, or of WhnefTtGn any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, any Inhabitantof all Actions, the said Town shall be a competent Witqefs, and be admitted to give Evi-Wf. concern- dence notwithstanding his or her being such Inhabitant, and notwithstand-eufion of the ?n& l^c Rates made and charged as aforesaid upon any such Inhabitant. Acts.

Application

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Money which shall be ^al! , borrowed, and all Monies to be raised by the Rates or Assessments made 0BKS* in pursuance of this Act shall, as the same shall come in and be received, be issued and applied from Time to Time for defraying the Expences, first of obtaining this Act, and afterwards of carrying the fame and the said recited Acts into Execution, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

[Publick Act.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 3g.

The SCHEDULE referred to in the ACT.

To widen the Lower End of Bull Street:

To takedown the Welsh Cross, and Four Messuages or Tenements now or late the Property of George Birch Esquire, and in the respective Occupations of Joseph Knight, Sarah Farr, Richard Lawson the Younger, and Benjamin Woodfield.

To widen Swan Alley

To takedown Four Messuages or Tenements, and also a Range of Shopping now or late the Property of William Phillips Inge Esquire, and Thomas Gijhorne Molineux, and in the respective Occupations of Richard Brettell, Edward Smith, Robert Burton Cooper, Jonathan Knott, and John Brown.

To widen the Lower End of Wore eft er Street t To take down Six Messuages or Tenements, now or late the Property of Thomas Colmore, Edward Bennett, and Charles Lloyd, and in the respective Occupations of Richard Lewis, Sarah Whitehead, Robert Farror, Afpinall, John Kilminster, and John Pitt.

To widen the Lower End of Moor Street:

To take down Eighteen Messuages or Tenements, now or late the Property of Robert Coales Esquire, the Reverend Thomas Hujhands, Sarah M'Daniel, Joseph Gibbs, Henry Riggs, Samuel Whaley, John Eagles,

Ingram, James Pallet, John Boulton, and James Baker, Four whereof are now void, and the remaining are in the Tenure of Richard Lowe, George Bannister, James Allen, Samuel Tanks, Samuel Westwood, Elizabeth Sherratt, Mary Radcliff, William Stanley, Mary Jones, John Commoly, Robert Brampton, James Pallett, Charles Budd, and Richard Allen.

To widen the Market Place:

To take down Five Messuages or Tenements adjoining Saint Martin's Church Yard, now or late the Property of the Governors of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, and in the respective Occupations of Francis Mole, JoJiab Cantrill, Wilfred Richardson, Richard Bellamy, and Henry Parker-, and also Five Messuages or Tenements, fronting Spiceal Street, now or late the Property of the said Governors, William Hart, and the Reverend Wright, and in the respective

Occupations of John Brooke, John Wager, Hines, John Thomas, and Candy Rote-, also Four Messuages or Tenements adjoining and fronting to the Corn Market, now or late the Property of the said Wright,

and the said Governors, and in the respective Tenures of Joseph Hoe, Allen, Richard Kendall, and Anderson Ashmore4 also to take down

the

C?44* 4l° GEORGII fll. Cap. 39.

the remaining Part of the Shambles, now or late the Property of Sir 'Thomas Gooch Baronet, Charles Lloyd, Thomas Orton, Roger Vaughton, Thomas Colmore, Joseph Ruston, and William Fox, and in the relptrctive Tenures of William, Allcock, Edward Chambers, Burrows, Abra-

ham Carless, Thomas Fleck, John Cooper, Thomas Fitter, and others; and also to take down all those Seven Messuages or Tenements called The Upper Round about Houses, Five of which now are or late were in the respective Tenures of John Cox, Nicholas Benbrtdgc, Griffis,

Anne Wagjlaff, ai;d Elizabeth handers, and the other Two are void.

To widen the upper End of Saint Martin's Lane:

To take down Five Messuages or Tenements fronting to Saint Martin’s Lane, and adjoining at the back Part to Saint Martin’s Church Yard, now or late the Propercy of Wilfred Richard/on, One whereof is now in the Poffdfion of William Tanks, and the other Four are void j and also a Messuage or Tenement fronting to Saint Martin’s Lane, called the Engine House, now in the Possessiop oCjofepb Neal.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

I l» n

Cap. 40.

An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament the Term, and alter and amend the Powers of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual several A Els of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to High-gate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said AEls mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also to continue and render more effectual an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike . Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kilbourne, to make a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgware Road near Paddington, as far as the fame is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said firs mentioned AEls; and for making a Road from the said new Road near Queen's Row to Bagnigge Wash; and for watchings lighting, and watering the said Roads.

[21st May 1801.]

[£«. y Per.] 8 B WHEREAS

650

[Preamble.]

li Geo. III.

recited, and further continued.

Additional Trustees.

the GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Hightvays leading to Highgare Gatehouse and Hamp-ltead, and other Roads in the said Alls mentioned, in the County of Middle lex; and also to continue and render more effectual an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Road leading to Highgate Gatrhouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles’s Pound to Ki I bourne, to make a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgware Road near Paddington, so far as the fame is by the said Act dire sted to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first-memioned Acts, for making a Road from the said Road near Queen’s Row to Bagnigge Walh; and for watching, lighting, and watering the said Roads: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and several considerable Sums of Money have been from Time to Time borrowed on the Credit of the said Act; and such Monies, as also several other Sums which had been borrowed on the Credit of the several other Acts in the said recited Act mentioned, are still due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Act, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads effectually maintained, improved, and kept in Repair, watched, lighted, and watered, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and forne of the Powers and Provisions thereof, which have been found defective and ineffectual, altered and amended; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefrnt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty King George the Third, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) shall be and are hereby further cotinnued for and during the Term Irerein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect immediately upon the passing of this Act; and this Act and the additional Term hereby granted shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due on the Credit or on Account of the said recited Act, and also of the several other Sums which had been borrowed on the Credit of the said several other Acts recited, and are now due on the Credit of the said recited Act as aforesaid, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Act and this Act, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Members serving in Parliament for the Time being for the County of Middlesex, Thomas Suffield Al-dirfey, Thomas Barber, Thomas Bigelfton, Benjamin Banks, Thomas Bingham, Atkinson Bush, Jeremiah Bately, John Ledge Bs/cly, Thomas Bee, Richard Bowzer, Daniel Birket, James Bush, Michael Bush, John Bailey, Joseph Boucock, Daniel Chim Bullock, Joseph Brayne, Philip Booth, George Bogg,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 40. 65,

Felix Booth, William Booth, George Billon, Simon Bragner, James Crompton,

William Jofias Cawland, William Clulow, Charles Chirk, Edward Chandler,

James Carr, James Cross, Edmund Cotteril, Edmund Cott.ril the Younger,

Charles George Cotteril, Richard Carter, James Douglas, John Dtlamain,

William Dinwoody, Edward Flower, Samuel Feary, Henry Eyffe, Thomas Adcock t Grindail, Aaron Graham, Thomas Griffith, George Gajhn Doctor in Divinity, Francis Hilton, John Haytcr, James Hajlie, Samuel Howis, Richard Higham, JcJiah Higham, John Harper, John Hall, William Harrison,

William James, William Jacobs, Edward Kent, John Kenney, Thomas Downes Lamb, Jofias Lifter, Joseph Sutton Loder, Martin Lloyd, Israel Lewis, William Lewis, John Marsh, Samuel Mills, John Mills, Michael Mitchell, Thomas Mingay, George Boulton Mainwaring, William Morris, Richard Meux, Robert Morrell, Charles Officy, William Offiey, Matthew Oliver, Philip Prior, Henry Shuttleworth, Jeremiah Stockdale, John Smart, John Turton,

Daniel Williams, Thomas Wright, and Thomas Neale, shall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trullees appointed in or by virtue of tf^e said Act of the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for putting the fame and this Act in Execution; and the Trustees herein nominated, and their Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said Act, are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the said Act and this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed by the said Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person driving or having Forprewnt-the Care of any Cart or Carriage carrying Night Soil or other Filth, shall b^thoo'tTn* shoot or deposit the fame, or any Part thereof, upon or within Two hun- Night soil on dred Yards of any Part of the said Roads, every such Person so offending,

and being thereof convicted, either by his own ConfelTion, the View of a Justice of the Peace, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings in case such Person shall be the Owner of such Carriage, but in case the Offender shall be the Driver only, then any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings. IV.

IV. And whereas by virtue of several Acts now in force for collecting Collectors cf a Toll commonly called a Sunday Toll, on the several Roads leading out of ^haveTh*!' the Metropolis, certain Persons are from Time to Time appointed and Nam--. h»ng have the Authority to collect such Tolls, at several of the Toll Gates ^'oufto'/'Toil1 crested by virtue of the said recited Act; and great Inconvenience fre- Gate, questly ariles from the Names of such Persons not being known to Persons liable to pay the said Tolls; be it therefore enacted, That all Persons

hereafter appointed to collect such Sunday Tolls as aforesaid, at any of the said Toll Gates erected upon the Roads to be repaired by virtue of the said recited Act, shall cause their Christian and Surnames, with the Words " Sunday Toll " to be painted on a Board on a Black Ground in White Letters of net less than Three Inches in Length, and of a proportionate Breadth, and shall cause such Board to be hung up in some conspicuous Place on the Front of the Toll House or Toll Gate at which the said Collectors shall respectively attend to collect the said Tolls; and if any Person shall demand Payment of or shall receive any such Toll, without having such Board hung up as aforesaid, or shall tefufe upon Demand to

i. s tell

65 2

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

tell his or her real Name and Place of Abode, he or she shall, for every iu h Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Seven or more of the said Trustees to contract and agree with the Commissioners, or other Persons duly authorized for paving any Parish or Place in which any Part of the said Roads lie, for paving such Parts of the said Roads as shall from Time to Time be deemed necessary or expedient to be paved for the better Accommodation of the Publick; and out of the Tolls or other Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, either to pay an annual Sum of Money for the laying, making, and repairing such Pavement, or a gross Sum to be exempted from the Repair and Maintenance of such Parts or the said Roads as shall be so paved, as to the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall seem belt.

I

'en* at km And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or

Money when awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments purcha-exceedin* fed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act and this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infanr, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bink of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, in Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Pa't thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, afiedting the fame Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments (handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposej aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order or

Trustees to contrail for paving such Puts of the Roads as shall be ncctHaiy.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

653

of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money ^l^0" so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hcrcdi- conipensation taments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and Monty does belonging to any Corporation,' or to any Person or Persons under Dif-

ability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall t^e leis, than the Sym of Two above »o\ hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied 'in Manner herein-after dirtdled; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trullees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Coure of Chancery.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be leis '*|'=re '>* than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied fh, "*£,'/. * to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Cods, Charges, and Expen- For paying ces incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall ^11"" be paid and discharged by the Trustees for putting the said recited Act and this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, out of any Money which hath arisen by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of the first Money which shall arise by virtue thereof and of this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, Publick Act adjudged, and taken to be aPublick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever,

without specially pleading the same.

[Lee. isf Per.]

8 C

654

Fixing the Trrm of t Att.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Act, shall, upon the passing hereof, cease and determine*, and that the said Act (subject to the Alterations herein-before mentioned) and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in force and be ex. ecuted for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’* most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 41.

An Act for continuing, until the End of the First Session of Parliament which shall commence after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, Two Acts severally palfed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge, to Balder(by Gate adjoining to Hutton Moor, and a Branch from the said Road at or near Skipton Bridge aforesaid, through Ainderby gjuernhow and Nojlerfield, to Masham, in the North Riding of the County of York.

[21st May 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge through Bal-derjby, to Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, in the Way to Ripon, and through Ainderby Shternhow and Nojlerfield, by Well Flashes Gate, to Masham in the County of York, several Tolls, Powers, and Authorities, were granted to Trustees, to continue for the Term of Twenty-one [Loc. & Per.] 8 D Years,

Preamble, 18 Geo. II,

658

another Act sS Geo. II, and

I? Go. Ill, recited.

Acts of aS An.II, and 19 Geo. III. Cuminued.

New Toils granted.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of repairing and improving the said Roads; which were divided into fwo separate Eliftrifts, the One comprizing the Hoad from TfnrJJt to Baldersby Gate aforesaid, and the other comprizing the Road from Skipton Bridge to Masham aforesaid: And whereas the said recited Act was by another Act, passed in the same Session of Parliament, relating to the publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, continued for the bother Term of Five Years: And whereas by another Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Powers and Provisions of the said First recited Act were varied and enlarged, and the Term thereby granted was further continued, for the additional Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the Trustees authorized to put the said in Part recited Acts into Execution, have, in pursuance thereof, borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit and Security of the Tolls severally arising within the said Two Districts, which fttflremain due, and cannot be discharged, nor can the said Roads be kept it) good Repair, unless the Term now subsisting under the said former Acts be further continued; and it is expedient that the Tolls, and several of the Powers and Authorities thereby granted, should be varied, altered, and enlarged; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enactrd; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,’ in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said First recited Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and the said recited Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all |he Powers, Authorities, Remedies, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Exemptions, Dirgftiops, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things tViefein'resptftlVeiy contained,' (except such of them as are hereby Varied, Allured, or repealed, or are repugnant to any of the Provisions contained ij^hi,s Act* and except such of them as relate Jo Exemptions from Starpp Duties) shall be, arj<j are hgreby declared, to be in full force and Effect durifig1- thd further Ttrm hereinafter expressedy m as full, aj9pld( and beneficial a. Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as jf all such ;i pprerj, Authorities, Remedies, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punish-riifefiti,' Exemptions, Diteftions, Provifrons, Clauses, Matters, and Things, .(except as aforesaid), were expressly inferred and enacted in the Body of this Act; which said further Term, and the Tolls hereby granted or made payable within the said respective Districts, shall severally be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing from the said Trustees for or on Account of such respective Districts, under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls granted and made payable, in and by the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, cease and be no longer payable; and that instead thereof, the several Tolls herein-after mentioned shall be demanded and taken, upon the whole Extent of the Road within each of the said Districts, before any Cattle or Carriages (upon which any Toll is hereby imposed), shall be permitted to pals through the Toll Gate or Toll Gates within the said respective Districts, (that is to say),

For

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Curricle, Calash, Tolli. Hearse, or other such Carriage, drawn by Six Horses or other Bealls of Draught the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Four Horses or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Hortes or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Ten-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Chaise, Chair, or other such Carriage, drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing nor employed in carrying Coals, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, when going unladen for or returning laden with Coals, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Sixpence per Score; and so in Proportion for a greater or lets Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Three-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for a greater or less Number:

For every Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, (except when employed in carrying Coals, Lime, or Cinders), having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, and rolling a Surface of that Breadth so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat or level Surface, and drawn by Eight Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Six or Seven Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Four or Five Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by Two or Three Horles, Oxen, or other Bealls of Dr-ught, the Sum of Four-pence

For every Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage (except When employed as Iail aforesaid), having the Sole or Bottum of rile Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, and rolling such fiat or level Surface as aforesaid, and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence; and drawa by Oue Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Penny

For every Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, (except as aforesaid), having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth oi Gauge of Six Inches, and rolling such flat or ltvel Surface as aforesaid, and drawn by Six Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Four or Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One billing; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence j and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Threepence:

66o

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

For every Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart or other such Carriage, (except as aforesaid), having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, and rolling such flat or level Surface as aforesaid, and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drrawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence

For every Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, (except as aforesaid), having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a lei's Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Threepence

For every Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, (except as aforesaid), having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a Iefs Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxenr or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage going unladen for or returning laden with Coals, Lime, or Cinders only, having the Sole Or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, and rolling a Surface of that Breadth so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat or level Surface, and drawn by Eight Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Seven Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts oFDraught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Six Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Care, or other Carriage going unladen for or returning laden with Coals, Lime, or Cinders only, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, and rolling such flat or level Surface as aforesaid, and drawn by Five or Six Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three or Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, going unladen for or returning laden with Coals, Lime, or Cinders only, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a let Breadth or S Gauge

66i

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

Gauge than Six Inches, and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Three Horses,

Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence:

Which said respective Tolls herein-before mentioned and made payable Provisions of shall be veded in the said Trudets, and they or any Five or more of a«I°«!'nd-them dull have, and they are hereby declared to have such and the fame «<l toihe Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for receiving, apportioning, more- gIr'jlnJcj'r'br gaging, transferring, leafing, reducing, advancing, and compounding for the Tolls hereby granted or made payable: and the fame diall and may be collected, levied, recovered, paid, and applied in the same Manner and Form as in and by the said firit-recited Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the said recited Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, are contained or expressed with respect to the Tolls thereby granted or made payable within the same respective Districts.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Seven Tolls may be or more of the said Trustees from Time to Time, when and as often as varied, they shall think proper, to lessen, vary, or alter all or any of the Tolls

hereby granted or made payable at all or any of the Turnpikes to be continued or erected in the said respective Districts by virtue of this Act, and to cause the same to be collected in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions as they shall think fit, and to raise the fame again, so as they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls by this Act granted or made payable in the said respective Districts, and so as every Reduction thereof be made with the Consent of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to Three Fourth Parts of the Money then due on Security of the said Tolls within the said respective Districts; but no such Alteration shall be made unless Seven Days previous Notice thereof shall be affixed in Writing upon all the Turnpikes then erected across the said Roads, and also inserted in One or more of the Newspapers published or generally circulated in the North Riding of the County of York. IV.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Appli anon of assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any ing »0o/. Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame [Loc. & Per.J 8 E Lands,

66a 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such M >ney shall not be fp applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall br conveyed and fended to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilling undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchas of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the fdd Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Product of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

whence0" V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so CompensatDifco Discoion agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purports aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Seven or more of the Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed or assessed to be paid as herein-before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased,

taken,

exceed 2 go/. nor less than 30/.

Application wh=’. the Monty is less than so/.

663

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That One Moiety or Half Part of the J[’<p^nct'*of Charges and Expences attending the preparing, obtaining, and passing ‘ e ct‘ of this Act, shall be paid and defrayed out of the Monies arising within the said District of Road from Thirsk to Balacrjby Gate aforesaid, and the other Moiety or Half Part thereof out of the Monies arising within the said District of Road from Skipton Bridge to Masham aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Cnmmence-take Effect upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and Continuance one, and shall continue in force until the End of the First Session of Par- of Act. liament which shall commence after the Fifth Day of July One thousand

[Publick Act.]

eight hundred and twenty-two; and this Act shall be adjudged and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without the fame being specially pleaded.

LONDON:

Printers

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

«i.f,4p3 Ili HO HO 10 ni\

I-1 m i.i 16 fjft At:«f» Hf-> «nrarf»,) ? 91..m to jurr 2 f;ts 10

S, f il> i iO ii-iU 10 ri:ri t*ui uuit, nn - i

r;. . sul lo jforr. 1 i.;i# sdl lol i'fl* <*j ^>JpC ' 1

_ :v 11 . w>-

1 £ io ij vim ' I>rfs * ’>

irir* r^thji i lin- ! i - 'W" ffjfe

, br t:' wvyw8s«5 fcvSn? r un ! w'to-' 0 aril

‘ j . . r; 'i 1 ’ i1 1.if

i ...... _ .-.'i fll 1 ..JJ-k IJ -<

Sijj \ ‘ lm bai'utiH ' i» '; mO ^w? ?> VtH !*' .*'< .

jqt . i I )bi .'1... i ...; , ...... IL

4v si rS 40fisoaMNr y+'Hnr

v :vrA- Lac ' t IT: VC .1

i rb 01 1

s* ’-it. ?*! he.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*4*jH(*» 4ll*i|lil*«<K*3K*jHt*4k*<K*

Cap. 42.

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His prefen t Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Crick-lade, in the County of Wilts; and for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from near the Wharf at Latton, in the said County of Wilts, to the Towti Bridge in Cricklade, aforesaid.

[21 ft. May 1801.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for re- 31 On. II, pairing and widening the Road from Ctrtncester, in the County "ndG, m, of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts: And whereas an Act was passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said recited Act: And whereas the [Ler. 1st Pen] 8 F Trustees

666

Former Acts continued.

Trustees.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts have made great Progress in the Execution of the fame, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Road; but the said Road cannot be effectually repaired and kept in Repair, nor the said Sums of Money be repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts be enlarged: And whereas the Road leading from a Place near the Wharf at Latton, in the said County of Wilts, to a certain Place called The Town Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary in Cricklade aforesaid, is much out of Repair, and cannot be properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and it would be a Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of publick Utility, if the lame were included under the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts and this Act, and made Part of the Road thereby and hereby intended to be repaired; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Privisions, and Clauses therein contained (except such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties) shall be and are hereby further continued for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned; and the said recited Acts, and all the Powers and Provisions therein contained, shall immediately on the passing hereof extend to and be executed as well for the Purpose of repairing and widening the Road therein mentioned, as for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair the said additional Road herein-before mentioned and described, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said recited Acts, and the several Powers and Provisions therein contained, were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and the said additional Road had been originally included in and made Part of the Road directed to be repaired and widened in and by the said recited Acts, or either of them, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained, and which shall commence and take Etfect immediately upon the passing hereof; and this Act, and the additional Term and the Powers hereby continued and gTanted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said former Acts, or either of them, or that may be borrowed on the Credit of the said former Acts and this Act, and all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively,

II. And be it further enacted, That the Members serving in Parliament for the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, the Members serving in Parliament for the City of Gloucester and the Boroughs of Cirencester and Cricklade respectively for the Time being, the most Honourable Charles Somerset, commonly called the Marquis of Warcejier, the Honourable Apsley Bathurji, commonly called Lord Apsley, Sir George Oneftphurus Paul Baronet, William Adams, George Adams, Deverettx Bowley, Morgan Byrt, James Fielder Croome, William Croome the Younger, Rober t Bennet Croome the Younger, Edu-ard Cripps the Younger, Joseph Cripps the Younger, John Creed, William Champernown, John Cherrington, William

Cecil,

667

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Cecil, John Carter, Ethvard Croome, Henry Cullerve, Thomas Davis, Edward Dean, William Davis, "John Elwes, John Ellis, Thomas Forder the Younger, John Forjhew, John Gingel the Younger, Joseph Gcgg, Samuel Gibbs, John Haines, Edward Haines, William Hinton, William Hill, Thomas Hinton, John Howell, Ormond Howes, Thomas Hall, John Jenner,

Thomas Jenner, John Jenner, John Jasper, William Kinder, Richard Kinnier, John Large, Henry Lane, John Lyne, William Large, William Large the Younger, Charles Large, Joseph Large, Samuel Barnfield Lc-diard, Thomas Maul, James Musgrave, Davia Middleton Clerk, William Ma/kelyne the Younger, Robert Majhelyne, James Norman, Thomas Nicholls Clerk, Thomas Ni(balls the Younger, Prower, John,

Pinncgar Clerk, Richard Purdy Doctor in Divinity, William Parker Clerk,

Charles Poulton, John Richardson, Thomas Richardson, John Smith, Thomas Stronge, Thomas Smith, William Stevens, William Stevens Attorney at Law, Robert Sutton, William Tombs, Thomas Vaifcy, William Veel, John.

Williamson, William Wells, Robert White, Jonathan White, and John Wells, shall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the Laid former Acts, or either of them, for putting the fame and this Act in Execution; and the Trustees herein nominated, and their Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Act of the Thirty-full Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, are hereby empowered to act as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed by the said former Acts or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That any Mortgage or Mortgages which may hereafter be made of the Tolls payable by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall and may be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

nY virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of Form of Secu-.* D His Majesty King George the Third, intituled {here set forth the '‘ty wi-owm)

Title of this Acts\ We of the Trustees for putting the y

‘ said Act and the Acts therein mentioned in Execution, in Considera-

tion of the Sum of paid by A. B.

of to the Treasurer of the said Road,

do hereby bargain, fell, and assign unto the said A.B. Execu-

‘ tors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls and ‘ Money to arise upon the said Road, as the said Sum of

‘ doth or shall bear to the whole Sum due or hereafter

to become due on the Security thereof, to hold the fame unto the said

‘ A.B. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the Day

of the Date hereof, for and during the Continuance of the said Act,

‘ unless the said Sum of with Interest at the

Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be

sooner paid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals, this

‘ Day of

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be possessed of any Mortgage made by virtue of the said former Acts, or either of them, or who shall be entitled to the Money

thereby

1

668

Form of Trusfcr.

Directing the Application o Mo iey paid for Compensation for Lands, &c. wh'n exceeding tooI.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

thereby respectively secured, may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit to the said Mortgage, and the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by signing an Instrument to be annexed to such Security, or by indorsing on the Back of such Security, before One credible Witness, the follow, ing Words, or Words to the like Effect; (that is to say),

t A.B. do transfer the within Mortgage, [or, the annexed Mortgage, as the Case may be~] with all my Right and Title to the principal

Money hereby [or, thereby] secured, and all the Interest now due or ‘ to grow due thereon, unto C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and

Assigns. Dated this Day of

« Witness, E. F. A. B’

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein transferred, for which the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid such Sum as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and such Transfer shall then entitle such A ffignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and so tolics quoties; but in case any Sum or Sums of Money so to be transferred shall not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, it shall be lawful for the respective Persons entitled thereto, by an Indorsement of his, her, or their Name or Names, without Witness, to transfer his, her, or their Interest or Property therein, to any other Person or Persons, without any Entry being made thereof in Manner aforesaid; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons, except the Person or Persons to whom the lame shall be last transferred, to make void, release, or discharge the original Security, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may and shall, if thereunto required, receive in and cancel all or any Mortgages or Assignments now Handing out, that were made by virtue of the said former Acts, or either of them, and give and execute another or others for the respective Sums in Manner as aforesaid, instead and in lieu thereof respectively. IV.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees lor executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled 1 .... to

669

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments^ in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or i'uch other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affeiSting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or ul'ed as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made,' the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, m his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be Iefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, ill order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be leis

[Loc. isf Per.)) 8 G than

Where exceeding 200 /. an»i not less than xo/.

Where left than xo'.

670

Expence* of the Ad to be paid.

[Publick Act.]

Term and

Continuance of the Act.

41° GEORGII in Cap. 42.

than Twenty Povnds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall be defrayed out of any Money already raised by virtue of the said former Acts, or out of the First Money to be raised by virtue of the said former Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine, and that the said Acts and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in Force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 43.

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guldeford to the Directing Post near the Town of Farnham in the County of Surrey.

[21st May 1801.]

WHEREAS Two Acts were made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guldeford to the Directing Post near the Town of Farnham, in the County of Surrey: And whereas considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, and are now due and owing, on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to becollefted upon the said Road; which Money cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged; may it therefore pleal'e Your Majesty that it may be enactyd 5 and be it enacted [Loo. fcf Per.] 8 H by

Preamble# 31 Geo. II, and ao Geo. III. recited.

674

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre-F rmer Ac's sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, I hat the nue5'rC°ntl" Term granted by the said recited Aids shall be repealed; and that the said recited Acts, and the several Clauses, Tolls, Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Matters, and Things therein contained, and which are now in force (except such as are hereby varied or altered, anti also such as relite to Exemption from Stamp Duties) and also this present Act, shall be and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, and shall have Continuance for and during the further Term here;n-after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein particularly inserted, repeated, and re-enacted; and that this Act and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, or which shall be borrowed, on the Credit of the said recited Acts and this present Act, and of all Interest due or to grow due thereon respectively.

ce taCiT^'iif E- And be it further enacted, That there shall and may be demanded and taken, by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act (over and above the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts) the additional Tolls hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say).

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of lef> Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches from Side to Side, and drawn by Four or more Horses or other Cattle or Beasts of Draught, an additional Sum of Two-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart,'or other Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of lets Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches (rom Side to Side, and drawn by Three Horses or other Cattle or Beasts of Draught an additional Sum of Three-pence:

Which Lid additional Tolls shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trusteey-, and the same shall and may be demanded, taken, levied, and recovered in the same Manner, and by the fame Ways and Means, as the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts can or may be demanded, taken, »levied, or recovered.

Double Toils

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and the LardV'01' ^or the Collectors if the Tolls aiding upon the said Road, and they are Day. hereby directed and required, on every Lord’s Day throughout the Year,

to demand* receive, and take, of and from all Persons subject to the Payment of any of the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts or this Act, Double the Toll or Sum which such Persons would have been liable to pay on any other Day of the Week.

For paying

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and Expen-of1 the/tet ccs incidentt0 anc* attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be

paid out of the Fiift Money collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act.

[Publick Act.]

v- And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without (penally pleading the same.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 43. 675

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Commence-place upon the Twenty-fifth Day of July next after the paiTing thereof, continuance and, together with the said recited Acts, shall continue in force for and of the Ait. during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

' - . :-y - ./

a*!

‘I4' 'f s' *; r *, '

; ,111.3'/ i

stf* ♦?> ttiflM'cwT mwft ^v»' it- stel til Jo ngi?.H >/!* to Iff//

u. - rf: rff-n - <ll Li" ' .?;h

met* fi»u>i4 ar-'.-a s> hi*/ bu?

ife

; - ,«& ii

, (: ' f> «»U

..! *. ?: } . " i

' l!r! i'is ?C Mils:. r-r-i-':

:, >’ f ‘

7/

Ifcr

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

>*t K*»*S*-*Xt*»*t»

1 Cap. 44.

An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Roads from Doning-ton High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of Wigtoft, and to Lan-gret Ferry in the County of Lincoln.

[21st May 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-first Year of the preamble.

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, , g«- II, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Doningtoh an<*

High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Milt Stone in the Parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry in the County of Lincoln: And , jjf^ whereas an Act was passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His recited, present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said recited Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said i [L*c. b* Per.] 8 I Act*

678

Arts further Continued.

Former Tolls repealed, and others gi anted.

Tolls.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

A£t$, have proceeded to put the fame into Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which (till remain due, and cannot be re-paid; nor can theftdd Roads be properiy amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, some of the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and eviry the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, Penalties, and Clauses therein contained, (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties,) shall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term herein after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein repeated and re-en 'fled; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term, and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby made subject to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said former Acts, or which may hereafter be borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And whereas the Tolls now authorized to be taken on the said Roads are found insufficient; be it therefore further enacted, That all the said Tolls shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid, and are hereby declared to be repealed; and that instead and in lieu thereof the following Tolls shall be demanded and taken at each and every or any of the Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected upon or on either Side of the said Roads, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage herein after specifkd, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Carriage, the Fellies of the Wheels of which are of less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Four-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Carriage, the Fellies of the Wheels of which are of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, the Sum of Three, pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Muler Afs, or other Beast of Burthen, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score:

For Half a Score, the Sum of Sixpence:

For a Quarter of a Score, the Sum of Three-pence

For Four only of such Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, or for Four above a Score, Half Score, or Quarter Score, the Sum ot Two-pence Halfpenny

For

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 44. 679

For Three only of such Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, or for Three above a Score, Half Score, or Quarter Score, the Sum of Two-pence

For Two only of such Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, or for Two above a Score, Half Score, or Quarrer Score, the Sum of One Penny Half, penny:

For One only of such Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, or for One above a Score, Half Score, or Quarter Score, the Sutn of One Penny

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Sixpence per Score:

For Half a Score, the Sum of Three-pence:

For a Quarter of a Score, the Sum of One Penny, Halfpenny

For Four, or Three only of such Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, or fof Four or Three above a Score, Half Score, or Quarter Score, the Sum of One Penny:

For Two or One only of such Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, or for Two or One above a Score, Half Score, or Quarter Score, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

Which said several and respective Tolls are hereby relied in the said Trustees; and the said Tolls, and every Part thereof, shall and may be demanded, collected, recovered, applied, and disposed of in such Manner, and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as are directed by the said recited Acts with respect to the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, but subject nevertheless to the Provisions and Directions of this Act.

III. And whereas by the said Act of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, certain Parts of the Roads intended to be thereby repaired, on each side a large Drain called Black Sluice, and the Bridge over the fame; and also part of the Highway at or near the Old Gowt in Skirleck Quarter, are directed to be repaired by the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons who usually do or ought to repair the said Bridge and Parts of the Highways on Behalf of the Eleven Towns of Holland, and certain other Parts of the said Roads, on each Side of a large Drain called P.edstone Gowt, and the Bridge over the fame, are directed to be repaired by the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons who usually do or ought to repair the said other Parts of the said Roads and Bridge last-mentioned, on Behalf of the Occupiers of Lands chargeable with the Repairs of Redstone Gowt, in Manner therein mentioned: And whereas Doubts have arisen with respect to the Description of Persons who are or ought to repair the said Bridges and Parts of the Roads or Highways, on Behalf of the said Eleven Towns of Holland, or on Behalf of the Occupiers of Lands chargeable with the Repairs of Red/lone Gowt as aforesaid, and also with respect to the Distance which the last-mentioned Persons are to repair the said Roads or Highways; in order therefore to obviate such Doubts, be it enacted, That the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being in the several Parishes, Townships, or Places of Boston JVcJi, Skirbeck Smarter, Wyberton, Brampton, Kirton, Hlgarkirke, Fosdyke, Sutterton, Wigtoft, Swine-Jhead, and Brothertoft, in the said County of Lincoln, commo.ily called The Eleven Towns of Holland, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be the proper Persons or Officers who are and ought to repair, in M.inner directed by the said recited Act of the Thirty-full Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, the said certain Parts of the Roads on each Side the said Drain called Black Sluice, and the Bridge

over

Recital of Part f the First Act relating to the repairing; certain Parts 01 the Road on e «ch Side of Black Sluice, and t ie Bridge ovei the lame; and

Doubts have arisen who ought 10 do such Repairs,

Afrerta’i'ing

who 1I1 -| o ihcie R airs n future.

68o

This Act not to prejudice the Works of Drui- age under the nt\s of 5th and joth Geo. III.

For altering the Tune of holding the annual Medina of the Trustees.

ai° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

over the fame; and also Part of the Highway at or near the Old Gowt, in Skirbeck Quarter, on Behalf and at the general Charge of the Inhabitants of the said Eleven Towns of Holland; and that the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, who shall be appointed by the Conunissioners acting under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain Law Ma>Jh and Fen Lands, lying between Boston Haven and Bourn, in the Parts of Kefteyen and Holland, in the County Lincoln; and of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the last-mentioned Act, shall be deemed and is and are hereby declared to be the proper Person or Persons, Officer or Officers, who is or are or ought to repair, in Manner directed by the said recited Act of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, the said other Paris of the said Roads on each Side of the said Redstone Gowt, to the Distance of Sixty-three Feet and Four Inches from the Centre of the said Redjlont Gowt Northward, and Ninety Feet and Six Inches from the same Centre Southward, and the Bridge over the fame Roads, on the Behalf and at the general Charge of the Occupiers of the Lands chargeable with the Repairs of the said Redstone Gowt; any Law Statute, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice, obstruct, prevent, or defeat, any of the Works made or to be made in pursuance of the said Acts passed in the Fifth and Tenth Year* of His present Majesty's Reign, or to empower the said Trustees acting by virtue of this Act or any of the said former Acts, to intermeddle with, or to invalidate, lessen, alter, or take away, any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities which, by the said Two last-mentioned Acts, were vetted in all or any of the Commissioners acting under the said Acts, but that the same shall be and continue as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And whereas it is directed by the said Act of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, that a General Meeting of the Trustees shall yearly and every Year be held on the First Monday in July, in Boston, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that such General Meeting shall in future be holden on the First Tuesday in the Month of February in every Year; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs the said General Meeting to be held on the First Monday in "July in every Year shall be and is hereby repealed; and that it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to hold a General Meeting of the said Trustees yearly and every Year on the First Tuesday in the Month of February, in Boston aforesaid, for the passing and settling of all Accounts of their Treasurers, Receivers, Toll Bar Keepers, and other Officers relating to the said Roads, and for the Choice of Trustees in the Room of such Trustees as shall be then dead or refuse to act, and that Ten Days Notice of all such General annual Meetings shall be given in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then erected upon the said Roads.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 44. 681

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Apphsition awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts exceeding and this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Cor- 20I,/-porarion, Feme Covert, Infant, I.unatick, or Person or Persons under ahV Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first-recited Act particularly ritentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon i Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting oilier Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, and used, as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and be- does not tx-longing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disabi- "crd| £an lity or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hun- la/, 1 dftd Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy (to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into [Lor. y Per.J 8 K the

682

Application where the M' ticv is left than to I.

For nsylnR the Expencei of the AM.

[Publick Act.]

Term of the Act.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant Ge. neral of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Charges ants Expences incurred in and about the obtaining and passing of this Act shall be paid out of any Money already raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the first Monies which shall be raised or borrowed upon the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, in Preference to any other Payment whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever without specially pleading the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall from and after the passing of this Act cease and determine, and that the said recited Acts of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (subject to the Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained), and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in Force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*i*

Cap. 45.

' An Act for enlarging the Term and altering the Powers of Two Acts, One made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and repairing the Roads leading from Dover to Barham Downs, and from Cow Gate and Arch cliff Fort in Dover, through Folkestone, to the Town of Hythe in the County of Kent; and for repealing so much thereof as requires the Trustees therein named to keep in Repair the several Roads leading from Archcliff Fort in Dover to Folkestone, and from the Parish of Folkestone to Hythe.

l_21st May iSor.j

'VTr WHEREAS by an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the \/\/ ^e'Sn h<s 'ale Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs in the County of Kent, several Tolls and Powers were given to certain Trustees therein mentioned, which were to continue [Loc. 0 Per.] 8 L for

[Preamble.]

26 Geo. II. and

686

28 Geo. H. and

4 Geo. III. recited.

26 Geo II. ana Geo. III. conti* nued.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whcteas an additional Term of Five Years was granted by an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 'An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating the reto:' And whereas by One other Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 'An Act for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Dover iff Barham Downs in the County of Kent, and also for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Cow Gate and Archcliff Fort in Dover, through Folkcftone, to the Town of Hythe in the said Countythe Term and Powers of the said recited Act, made in the Twenty-fixih Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, were continued for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and additional Powers gramed, which were to continue for and during such Term: And whereas the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money now remains due, and cannot be repaid, or the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term thereof be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And whereas the repairing and maintaining of more than One Road from the Tow n of Dover to h'clk.stone, is attended with a very heavy Expence, and it would be attended with no focal or publick Inconvenience if so much of the last recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as requires the Trustees 'to amend, widen, and keep in Repair the Road leading from Archcliff Fort in Dover, along the Top of the Hill, as far as where the said Road enters into the said Road leading from Dover by Farthinglowe 10 Folkestone, and if so much thereof as requires the said Trustees to amend, widen, and keep in Repair the Road leading from holkeflone towards Hythe, through the Parishes of Cheriton and Newington, were repealed; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s roost Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all the Clauses, Powers, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Rules, Remedies, Directions, Provisoes, Articles, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained (except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered or repealed, and also except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) and also this present Act, shall and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present Act; which Term hereby granted shall be and is hereby declared 4 to

687

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed or become due on th- Credit of the said recited Acts, made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, and of this present Act, and all Interest due or to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That Sir Edward Knatchbull Baronet, Sir Narbonugh D'Aeth Baronet, Sir Brooke William Bridges Baronet, Sir William Geary Baronet, Thomas Barrett, John Charles Beckingham Cletk, Thomas Biggs, Edward Broderip, Samuel Egerton Bridges, Charles Dering. John Minet bettor, George binch, James Peter Fedor, John Powell D.D. James Gunman, James Hallett, William Hammond, Thomas Hay D.D. William Honey wood, William Hugejfon, John Harrison, Thomas Horn the Elder, George Hannam, Peter Harnett the Elder, Alexander James Clerk, George Jennings the Younger, Edward Knatchbull, Charles Wellard King, Samuel Latham, John Lyon Clerk, John Monins, John Nairne Clerk, James Neales, Henry Oxenden, William OJlorne M.D. Thomas Watkinson Payler, Thomas Papillon, Phillip Papillon Clerk, John Plumptre, John Ptlcber of Alkham, William Phipps the Elder, Joseph Webb Ptlcber, Thomas Russell, Phineas Stringer, Hardinge Stracey, Thomas Solly, William Starr, George Stringer, William Tournay, of Dover, Clerk, Charles Wellard, William Walker, James Willis, James Wood of Dover, Linen Draper, and James Walker of Dover, Grazier, and the r Successors, are hereby added 'to and joined with the Trustees nominated, appointed, orelefttd by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and shall have like Powers and Authorities for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Dover to Barbam Downs, and for carrying the said Acts made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act into Execution, with regard to such Road; which Road shall be and is hereby declared to be the First District of Road directed to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair.

III. And be it further enacted, That William Pleydell Bouvtrie, commonly called Viscount Folkestone, the Honourable Charles Marsham, Sir Edward Dering Baronet, Sir Edward Knatchbull Baronet, Sir John Hony-wood Baronet, Sir John Gregory Shaw Baronet, Sir Henry Oxenden Baronet, Sir Brooke William Bridges Baronet, Sir William Geary Baronet, the Mayor and Jurats of the Town and Port of Dover for the Time being, the Mayor and Jurats of the Town of Folkestone for the Time being, Edward Andrews, Benjamin Andrews, Thomas Baker, Thomas Steddy Baker, Robert Tournay Bargrave, John Bateman, William Bennett, Thomas Biggs, James Drake Brockman, Julius Drake Brockman Clerk, Edward Timewell Brydges Clerk, Samuel Egerton Brydges, Thomas Castle, Robert Castle, John Castle, William Henry Champneys Clerk, William Chapman, Benjamin Cobb, Thomas Coleman, Edward Coleman, William Coleman, William Deedes, John Deedes Clerk, George Dell, Thomas Downe Clerk, William Elwin, Michael Elwin, William Evelyn, Thomas Parley, Peter Fettor, John Minet Fettor, George Finch, George Finnis, James Peter Fettor, John Fuller, John Gill, John Gill Junior, Thomas Gorely, James Gunman, James Hammond, John

Harvey,

Tru flees for the First District.

Trustees for the Second District.

688

No Order made by Seven Traffics to be

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Harvey, William Honywood, Thomas Horn, Thomas Horn Junior, Robert Hunt, John Jenkins of Stowting, William Kemp, Robert Kennett, Wiliam Kennett, Pbineas Kennett, William King, Thomas King, 1 born as King Yeoman, William King Surgeon, Edward Knatchbull, William Knight, William Knocker, James Lamb, Thomas Bateman L ane, John Latham, Samuel Latham, Elias Lott, David Major, Henry Major, Hammerden Major, John Major, William Major, Thomas Mantell, William Marsh, Richard Marsh, Folkestone, Robert Marsh, Courlinge, Richard Marsh, Farthingl we, Robert Milton, Thomas Mitchell, John Mintcr, John Minler Junior, Jonathan Ofbern, William Osborn M. D. Henry Oxendon, David Papillon, Thomas Papillon, Philip Papillon Clerk, Stephen Penfold, Stephen Penfold Junior, William Pepper, John Pilcher of Alkham, Joseph Webb Pilcher, JeJfe Pilcher, Ralph Price, Clerk, Ralph Price Junior, Clerk, Charles Small Pybus, Thomas Randolph, Clerk, William Reynolds, William Richards, John Ridley, William Rigden, William Rigden Junior, William Robinson Clerk, Charles Robinson, Thomas Russell, Mai k Sand ford, John Shipdem, Thomas Sol'y, JoJtph Siaden, John Baker Siaden, John Stace, Aujlen Stace, William Stace, Challis Stone, Jacob Stredwick, Phineas Stringer, George Stringer, Thomas Taylor, John Tims, Clerk, John Tims Junior, William Tour nay Clerk, Dover, John Trevanion, Thomas Trevillon, Thomas Valyer, Robert Walker, William Walker, Thomas Walker, James Walker, Jegon Wellard, Kennet Westfield, Fabian Clayton Wilson, Thomas Wo d, Dover, Benjamin Jelly Worthington, Henry Bridger, Edmund Cock, Thomas Dray, Thomas Dray Junior, William Dray, John Lott Eaton, Charles Fagg: Robert Finnic, John Friend, Ingram Mammon, Edmund Harrison, Edward Mount, John Puckle, John Rayner, Richard Shipdem, Robert Wadbam Spragge, Thomas Tournay, William Tour nay Clerk, Edward Tournay, Isaac Tournay, Henry Trilton, William Trilion, and Thomas Woolly, and their Successors, shall be and are hereby declared ro be the Trustees for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the West End of Worthington's Lane in the Town of Dover, by Farlbinglowe aforesaid, to the Town of Folkestone, and from the Town Water near the Sign of The King’s Arms in Folkestone to that Fart of Sand-gate which divides the Parishes of Folkestone and Cherilon, and for carrying the said Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, into Execution with regard to such Road , which Road shall be and is hereby declared to be the Second District of Road directed to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair; and that so much of the said recited Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as requires the Trustees therein named to amend, widen, and keep in Repair the Road leading from Archcliff Fort in Dover, along the Top of the Hill, so far as where the said Road enters into the Road leading from Dover by Farlbinglowe to Folkestone, and so much thereof as requires the Trustees therein named to amend, widen, and keep in Repair such Part of the Road leading from Folkestone towards Hythe, as lies in the Parishc9 of Cheriton and Newington, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. IV.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by any Seven or more of the said respective Trustees shall be revoked or altered unless fifteen Trustees shall be then present, and Ten or more of them shall concur

therein

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 45*

therein, and unless Notice shall have been given by Seven of the said respective Trustees to the Clerk of the Road within their respective Districts, ot their Desire to have a Meeting for the Purpose of taking into Consideration the said Order, with a View to revoke or alter the fame; and in loch Cafe, Notice of such Meeting and of the Purport thereof, shall be inserted in One or more Newspaper or Newspapers prinred and circulated in the Eallcrn farts of the said County of Kent, Ten Days at the lead befo'e such Meeting, and such Notice in Writing shall also be given by such Clerk ! en Days at the lead before such Meeting, to or left at the usual Place or Places of Abode of Inch Trullees as were prel’ent when the Order was made, of the Intention to revoke or alter any such Order:, Provided always, That no Adl, Order, Determination, or Proceedings, shall be done or made at any Meeting of the said respective rrustees, without the Content of the Majority of the said respective Trustees then present.

V. And be it further enacted, That if it shall so happen there shall not appear at any Meeting of the said respective Trustees a lutficient Number of the said respective Trustees to act, or to adjourn to another Day, the Trullee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk then present to the said respective I rullees, shall from Time to Time, as often as such Cale shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day within Three Calendar Months ftom the Day on which such Adjournment shall be made, and shall cause public Notice thereof to be given in Writing affixed on all the Turnpikes erected on such Part of the said Roads for which the/ shall be Trustees as aforesaid, and by an Advertiscmentor Advertisements as aforesaid, at lead Ten Days before the Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned; any Thing in the said recited Adl, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if after any such Adjournment, it shall or may be thought necessary that an earlier Day should be appointed than the Day to which such respective Meetings shall have been adjourned, then and in such Case the Clerk ro whom an Order in Writing, signed by Three or more of the said respective Trustees, mentioning the Time and Place, and Purpose of such Meeting shall be given, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place, which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said respective Truf-tecs (such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice) and all Proceedings of the respective Trustees at such Meeting, shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case the respective Trustees had met irtpuiluance of any Adjournment.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death; Neglect, Refusal, or Disability to act, of any of the respective Trustees for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said respective Hoads, or of their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining respective Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, to elect and appoint One other Person or Persons to be a Trullee or Trustees in the Room of such Trustee or Trustees so dying, neglecting, or refusing to act, or being incapable of acting, and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for

[Lot. (s? Per.] 8 M every

689

revoken unless Fifteen Trustees are present.

Clerk may adjourn.

Three Trustees or Clerk may call a Meeting.

Election of new Traf-tees.

690

A Chairman to be appointed-

Books to be kept, and Entries made.

Actions to be in the Name of the Clerk.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

every such Election shall be given in Writing under the Hand of the Clerk to the respective Trustees of the said Roads for the Time being, to be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes which shall be then (landing on the said respective Roads, for which they respectively shall be Trustees and by an Advertisement or Advertisements to be inferred in One or more of the public Papers printed and circulated in the Eastern Parts of the said County of Kent, at lead Ten Days before such Meeting; and every Person so to be elected and appointed a new Trustee as aforesaid, shall have the like Power and Authority to all Intents and Purposes, in as toll and ample Manner, as the Trustee in whole Room or Stead he shall have been so defied or appointed; any Thing in the said recited Acts of the Twenty-sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, directed, or either of them, respectina the Mode of such Election and Appointment, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That at each respective Meeting of the Trustees for the said respective Drftricts, a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as it shall so happen, that there shall be an equal Number of Votes upon any-one Question, (including the Vote of the Chairman) then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Chairman to give the calling or decisive Vote.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees shall cause to be provided and kept proper Books, and fair and regular Entries to be made therein of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the said recited Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at the respective Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books, being signed by the Chairman and Clerk then present, or either of them, and all such Entries heretofore made in any Book or Books provided or kept by the said Trustees, which shall have been signed by the said Trustees, or any Seven or mure of them, or by the Chairman and Clerk, or either of them, present at such respective Meetings, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cases, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in Pursuance of such Acts, or of this Act, and that such Book or Books shall at all of the Meetings of the said respective Trustees be open and liable to the inspection of all and every of the said respective Trustees, and of the respective Creditors, on the Tolls thereby and hereby granted and made payable; and that any of the said respective Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding One hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees of the said respective DUtricts shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk, and that no Action that shall be brought or commenced by or against the said respective Trustees, acting in execution of the said recited Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or *6 of

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said respective Trustees; and such Clerk shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be: Provided always, That every such Clerk, in whose Name any Action shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs and Charges as by the Event of any Proceedings he shall be put to or become chargeable with, by reason of his being lo made Plaintiff or Defendant therein.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls and Duties granted and made payable by the said recited Acts made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, shall be and they are hereby repealed, and shall cease and determine, and that in lieu thereof the following Tolls or Duries shall be payable and paid before any Bead or Cattle whatsoever shall be permitted to pass through any of the Gates erected or to be erected on the said Turnpike Roads; (that is to say).

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Phaeton, Calalh, Curricle, Vis-a-Vis, Chaise, Diligence, Caravan, Chair, Hearle, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Geldings or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny

For every Afs the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Scores and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And that in Cales of Oxen drawing any Carriage, Two Oxen shall be considered and paid for as One Horse.

XII. And be it further enacted, That such Part of the said Tolls as shall be collected at any Gate or Gates erected or to be erected on any Part or Parts of the said First District, shall be vested in the Trustees for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair such Road , and such Part of the said Tolls as shall be collected on any Part or Parts of the said Second District, shall be vested in the Trustees for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair such Road; and such Tolls, and every Part thereof shall and may be demanded, taken, levied, recovered, applied, and disposed of, by the said respective Trustees, in such and the same Manner, and to and for the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, in regard to the said respective Roads, as the respective Tolls granted by the said recited Acts made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and all Persons evading or attempting to ev.de the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, as are directed to be inflicted on Persons evading or attempting to evade the Tolls authorized to

be

691

Clerk to be paid hit sixpences.

Tolls under former Act* repealed.

Tolls.

Application ol Tolls.

Penalty on

evading

Tolls.

69a

Turnpikes to be erected between Dover and Sandgate.

Tolls to be taken but once a Day. Only One Toll to be taken in the Fir 11 Di drift.

Horses drawing different Carriages on the same Day liable to pay

Toll again.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

be taken by virtue of the said recited Acts made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them.

XIII. And be it furthet enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees of the said Second Distnct, or any Seven or more of them, to erect or cause to be erected a Turnpike or Turnpikes upon or acrof* such Fart of the said Second District of Road as lies between the Town of Dover and the Ville of Sandgate, and on or near the Sides thereof, across any Lanes or Ways leading or that may hereafter lead out of the fame, as they shall think proper, and a Toll House or Toll Houses to every such Turnpike, with necessary Accommodations thereto; and from Time to Time remove, alter, or discontinue such Turnpikes and Toll Houses, or any of them, as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them shall from Time to Time think meet and expedient; and shall and may cause to be demanded and taken at the said several Turnpikes the several and respective Tolls granted by this Act , any Thing in the said recited Act ot tnc Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Collector of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than One Toll in any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night, to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) from any Person or Persons, for or in respect of the fame Horse or other Beast or Cattle passing and repassing through the fame or any other Gate or Turnpike situate upon such Part of the said Roads as lies in the said First District, or from any Person or Personsforor in respect of the fame Horse or other Beast or Cattle passing and repafting through the fame or any other Gate or Turnpike situate in the said Second District, between the Towns of Dover and Polke-stone, or from any Person or Persons, for or in respect of the fame Horlcor other Beast or Cattle passing and repairing through the fame or any other Gate or Turnpike situate between the Town of Folkestone and the Ville of Sandgate, all and every Person and Persons producing a Ticket denoting the said Toll had been paid that Day on such respective Parts of the said Roadsj which Ticket or Tickets each and every Collector of the said Tolls is hereby required to deliver (gratis) on Payment of such Tolls respectively, so that no more than One Toll shall be demanded for the fame Horse, Beast, or Cattle in any One Day, for passing and repairing on the said First District, or any more than Two Tolls shall be demanded for the fame Horse, Beast, or Cattle, in any One Day, for passing and repairing on the said Second District.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Horse, Beast, or Cattle shall have palfed through any Turnpike Gate or Gates erected or to be erected within the said respective Districts, drawing any Carriage, of what Nature or Description soever, and shall return the same Day (such Day to be computed as aforesaid) not drawing the fame, but any other Carriage, then and in every such Case the fame Toll may be demanded and taken for every Horse, Beast, or Cattle drawing the fame, as if such Horse, Beast, or Cattle had not passed through any of the said respective

Gates

693

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Gates on that Day j any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

fween the TVmh D*y of 0Sober and t e P»f»hDajr of April

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Additional and for the relprftive Toll Gatherers or Gate Keepers, between the Tenth Tolls te. Day of October and the Fifth Day of /ipril in each and every Year, to demand and take for ea< h and every Horse or other Bead of Draught drawing any Carriage employed in carrying or conveying any Hay or Straw for Sale, or any Timber, Flanks, Boards, or Wood, or drawing any Carnage employed in carrying or conveying Beer, Ale, or Porter, the Quantity of whith shall be equal to or exceed Three Butts, or any Stone,

Bricks, or Tiles, Iron, or Hop-poles, or any Chalk (except the lame is intended to be tiled as Manure) One Half the Toll or Sum in addition to the Toll or Sum which could be demanded or taken for such Horse or oihtr Bead of Draught drawing any Carriage so laden as aforesaid during any other Period of the Year; any Thing in the said recited Aids made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or Exemptions taken for any Horle, Cattle, or other Bead employed in carrying or con- from Tolls, veying, or going to carry orconvey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stone, Brick, Lime, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for the Repair of any of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in any of the Town-ships or Parishes in which such Roads do lie, or in any of the neighbouring Parishes, or Hay, Straw, Hops undried, or Corn in the Straw only, noc sold or disposed of, but pading to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, or any Ploughs, Harrows, or implements of Husbandry, or Lime, Chalk, Mould, Dung, or Compod, for improving or manuring of Lands, or any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, or from any Person or Persons redding in any Township or Parish in which the said Roads do lie, for any Horles or Cattle going to or returning from Padure or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed, or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from the Mill with Grid, or going to or returning from their proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Wotship tolerated by Law, on the Sabbath Day or Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or atrending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes or Townships, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vidting any dek Person, or upon other his parochial or miniderial Duty, on a Sunday or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horles,

Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresscs under the Authority of His Majesty's Podmader General, either when employed in conveying, leiching, or guarding such Mails or Exprefie', or returning back from conveying or guarding the fames or for the Horles of any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or Carriages attending them w uh their Baggage , or for any Horles, Cattle, or Carriages employed in the Conveyance of [Lee. £:? Per.] 8 N Vagrant!

694

For preventing Persons from riding on Footpaths.

Enabling the Truflres to enter into an Agreement with the Trustees of the Wal-derjhare Turnpike Road,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Vagrants ftnt by legal Pafles j or for any Horse, Cattle, or other Read

drawing or carrying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Member or Members to servein Parliament for the County of Kent, or for the City of Canterbury, or for the Town and Port of Diver, or for the Town and Port cf Hytke, on the Day or Days of such Elections respectively, or on the Day bclore or Day after such Elections respectively shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof fin all be paid to che Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Pur poles of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otheiwile damage, or shall ride on or lead any Horle or Carriage over or upon any Footpath or causeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, or any of them, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees of the said First Dillrid and their Sucressors, or any Seven or more of them (by and with the Approbation of FiveSixths in Value of the Creditors of the said Fiift District) at any General Meeting of the said Trustees to be called for that Purpose (Notice of the Timeand Place of such Meeting, in Writing under the Hand of the Clerk to the T ruf-tees of the said First Eiiftrid, being affixed upon all the Gates which shall be then (landing upon the said First District, and inferred in One or more of the public Papers circulated in the Eastern Parts of the said County of Kent, at lead Ten Days before such Meeting) to make any Order, and to enter into any Agreement with the Trustees acting by virtue of an Act made in the Forty-full Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering, 'widening, and repairing the Road leading from the Town and Pert of Dover to the Town and Port of Sandwich, through the Panjh of Walderfhare; and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs up Kerfney Court Hill to the Parish of W hitfield otherwise Beaustield, in the County of Kent, for the Purpose of exempting from the Payment cf lolls, or for reducing the Rate of Tolls to be paid by virtue of this Act by any Person or Persons for or in respect of any Horses or other Beads or Cattle passing through any Gate or Gates upon the said F'irll District of Road; but no such Exemption from or Abatement of Tolls shall be made, save and except such Horses or other Beads or Cattle, Giall on the same Day in travelling from the Town and Port of Sandwich through the Parish of Walderfhare to Dover aforesaid have pasted through Two or more Turnpike Gates erected or to br errded upon the Line of Road from Sandwich aforesaid through Walderfhare to Dover aforesaid, and lave and except the Person or Persons claiming any such Exemption or Abatement of Tolls shall produce to the Colltdor or Collectors of the Toils of the said First District a Ticket or Tickets denoting that the Tolls have been paid for or in respect of such Horses or other Beasts or Cattle at two or more Gates on the said Line of Road.

4.1® GEORGII III. Cap. 4

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Mortgages or Assignments whit h shall be made by the said Trustees of the said respective Districts Of the Tolls hereby granted, for securing any Sum or Sums of Money, from Time to Time to be borrowed by them upon the Credit of the Tolls collected in the said respective Districts, shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

4 O Y virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-first Year of the

L> Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [set forth the Title of the

4 AS] Wc whose Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed, being 4 1 rustees of the [First or Second] District acting in the Execution of the ‘ said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of to the Treasurer of the Road compri2ed in the said District, in Hand paid by A. B.

' do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto the said A.B. his Exe-

cutors, Xdnnnistrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising

‘ by virtue of the said Act upon the said Road, and also the Turnpikes and ‘ Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of doth

‘ or shall bear to the whole Sum advanced or to be advanced on the Credit ‘of the Tolls collected or to be collected on the said District;

‘ To be ha’d and holden from this Day of in the Year of

our Lord for and during the Continuance of the said Act,

unless the said Sum of with Interest, after the Rate of

per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner repaid and lads—

fied. Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of

in the Year of our Lord .*

And that the Person or Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time assign and transfer the fame Security or Securities, and all Bencfic and Advantage thereof, and all his, her, or their Right, Title, and Interest: to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of secured to

4 Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, by virtue of

4 a Mortgage and Assignment, bearing Date the Day of

under the Hands and Seals of of the Trustees of the

4 District acting in Execution of a certain Act of Parliament made in the Fnrty-first of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Jet forth the Title of the AS,] upon the Credit of the said Act, do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame, and all the Principal and Interest Money now due and owing thereon, unto C. D., his Executors, Admini- strators and Assigns. Dated this Day of in the

4 Year of our Lord

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes hereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Coliegiate, Feoffee in Trutt, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Corn's mirtee,

695

Mortgages.

Form.

Mortgages

may be transferred.

Form of Transfer.

Application of Money to be paid to Corporations in case the same shall exceed loot.

696

Application of Money when more than 10I. and lefa than zed.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

mittee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trull, or to any Person whole Lind?, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Dilabihty or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the re'pertive Trustees for executing the said recited Acts made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Ttne-ments, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance nr Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame of the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Pure hale ot other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament , which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Ul'es, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as atorc-said, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Coutt of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Conlulidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits for the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Seitlement were made.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Dilabihty or Incapacity aforesaid, shall be leis than the Sum of Two hundred Pound?, and shall be equal to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy

or

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 45. 697

or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bat.k in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making 1‘uch Option, and approveJ of by Three or more of the Trustees of the la:d respective Districts (such Nominatiun and Approbation ;o be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case He applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Appiobation of the Court of Chancery,

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money f> Application agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than whr," Co,’" '1 wenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to fc'Chan " the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have 20/. been entiiled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the Trustees of the said respective Districts, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; and in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXIV. And whereas by an Act made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the AS for p». Reign of His p relent Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, repairing, and cleansing the Highways, Streets, and Lanes in the Town of Folkstone, end j7i recited" Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Fufances and Annoyances therein, the Commissioners for carrying the said Act into Execution are thereby empowered to cut and make a new Highway from and out of the Turnpike Road leading from Hover to Folkestone, at a certain Place called Sandy Lane, near to the Workhouse belonging to the said Town of Folkestone, atrols the Stream there into Rendezvous Street, opposite to the North East End of Butchery Row, in the said Town of Folkestone, and for that Purpose to purchase or contract for the Purchase of any Walls, Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Tenements, as therein mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That in Cale the said Commissioners shall cut and make such new Road or Highway, that such new Road or Highway, when so made and completed, shall be and be deemed to be Part of the Road to be amended and kept in Repair by the Trustees of the said Second District, and that then such Part of the present Roa,) at Sandy Lane, from the Point whence such new Road or Highway shall be so made through the Mill Stream to Rendezvous Street, as described in the said Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall nut be, or be deemed to be any Part of the Road to be amended and repaired by the said Trustees of the said Second District.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of Expences of obtaining and passing this Act shall be paid in the Proportions following; the Act (that is to say) One Moiety thereof shall be paid by the Trustees of the 10 e pai [Lee. (ft Pa.'] 8 O said

698

Limitation of Actions.

Publick A cl.

Comniencf-tnent and Continuance of the Act.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 45-

said First District out of the Tolls collected in such District, or out of any Money borrowed or to be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and the remaining Moiety shall be paid by the Trustees of the said Second Distndt out of the Tolls collected in such District, or out of any Money borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act until Twenty-one Days Notice thertof be given to the Defendant or Defendants, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made, or after Six Calendar Momhs next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Kent, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General llfuc, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereon, and that the lame was done in puri'uance and by the Authority of this Act , and if the lame shall appear to have been lo done, or such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction onTcnder thereof hath been made as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the lame at aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other Counry than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Ver-didl, or if the Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and shall have such and the like Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for recovering Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place from and after the passing thereof, and shall, together with lo much of the said recited Acts made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as is not by this Act varied, altered, or repealed, continue and be in Force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open Field and other Lands within the several Parishes of Down ham Market., Wimbotsham, and Bexwell, in the County of Norfolk.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS there sre within the several Parishes of Downham

Market, Wimbotfham, and Bexwell, in the County of Norfolk,

some or One of them, certain Open Field and other Lands;

that is to say, all that Furlong Field or Parcel of Ground called The Blue Clays, abutting on the Common Pasture called 7be Howdale, in Part, and upon inclosed Lands of Henry Bell Esquire, in other Part, towards the North, upon inclosed Lands of William Say Esquire, towards the East, upon the Furlong next described towards the South, and upon Land late of William Creafy Esquire, called Hamonds Close, (as the fame was lately divided therefrom by a Fence now removed) towards the West; and also all that other Furlong Field or Parcel of Ground called Rijlcn, or Upper Callow Furlong, abutting upon inclosed Land of the said William Say, and the Furlong above described in Part, and upon Hamonds Close aforesaid in other Part, towards the North, upon inclosed Land of the said William Say in Part, and upon the Furlong next described in other Part, towards the East, upon inclosed Lands of John Thurlow Dering Esquire,

Cap. 46.

[21st May 1801.]

[Z.cr. & Per.']

3 P

towards

7^2

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

towards the South, and upon inclosed Land late of the said TTiHiim Creafy, towards the West; and also all that other Furlong Field or Parcel of Ground called Hatly Brook or Hatly Brook Hill, abutting upon inclosed Lands of the said William Say towards the North, upon Lands late of the said William Creafy, called Foxburgh, towards the East, upon inclosed Lands of the said John Thurlow Dering in Part, and upon the said Land called Foxburgh in other Part, towards the South, and upon inclosed Lands of the said William Say in Part, and upon the last deftribed Furlong in other Part, towards the West; and also all that other Furlong Field Piece or Parcel of Ground called Short Eastlands (including the said Close called Foxburgh), abutting upon a Road or Lane called Rouce’s Lane in Part, and upon the last described Furlong in other Part, towards the North, upon inclosed Land late of Ann Portler towards the East, upon inclosed Lands of Edward Roger Pratt Esquire, towards the South, and upon inclosed Lands of the said William Say in Pa t, and upon the Furlong last: described in other Part, towards the West; and also all that Field Piece or Parcel of Ground, Part of a Furlong called Greenhow, abutting upon a Field Road leading front Ronct't Lane afucldid to Old Jiilgay Way, towards the North, upon inclosed Land of Robert Fellowet Esquire, towards the East, on other Linds of the said Robert Fellowet in Parr, and upon Stone Croft Road in other Parr, towards the South, and upon inclosed Land of Edmund Saffcry, called Hangman s Close, towards the West; and also all that och-r Field or Parcel of Ground, other Part of the said Furlong called Greenbow, abutting upon Rouce’t Lane afo e-said towards the North, upon the said Piece of Land called Hangman't Close, belonging to the said Edmund Safety, towards the East, upon incloled Land of the said Robert Fellowej towards the South, and upon inclosed Land of the Heirs of Jamet Moon towards the West; and also all that other Field or Parcel of Ground, Part of a Furlong called Nether 'turf or Bottom Furlong, abutting on the Road leading from Down bain Market to Bexwell, in Part, upon the Furlong called Upper turf Furlong in Part, and upon inclosed Lands belonging to the Church of Downbam Market aforesaid, and the said William Say, in ocher Part, towards the North, upon inclosed Lands of the said Robert Fellowet in Part, and upon Upper turf Furlong in other Part, towards the East, upon a Field Road leading fom Rouct’i Lane aforesaid to Old Htlgay Way towards the South, and upon inclosed Land of the said Robert Fellowet towards the West; and also all that Field or Parcel of Land, other Part of the said Furlong, called Nether turf or Bottom Furlong, abutting on a Road leading from the said Common Pasture called the Howdale to the Turnpike Road leading from Downbam Market to Bexwell towards the North, upon inclo'cd Land of the said William Say towards the East, upon Rouce's Lane aforesaid towards the South, and upon the said Common Pasture cahcd 7be Howdae towards the West; and also all that other Furlong Field or Parcel of Ground called Upper turf Furlong, abutting u|>on the said Road leading from Downbam Market to Bexwell towards the North, upon ind'!-fed Church Land of Downbam Market aforesaid towards the Fall, and upon the last-memioned Furlong towards the South and West; and also all that other Field or Parcel of Ground, Part of a l udong raised Croft or Stone Furlong, abutting upon the Lands of divers Persons, towauls the North, upon inclosed Church Land ot Downbam Market aforesaid towards the East, upon the said Road leading from Downbam Market to Bexwell towards the South, and upon the inclosed Land of fa met Hovell

7°3

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Esquire, towards the West; and also all that other Field or Parcel of Ground, other Parc of the said Furlong, called Cross or Stone Pit Furlong, abutting upon a Lane called Rabbit Lane in Part, and upon the Lands of divers Persons in other Part, towards the North, upon enclosed Land of the said James IP veil towards the East, upon the said Road leading from Downbam Market to Bexwell towards the South, and upon the enclosed Land late of the said Ann Fortier towards the West; and and also all that Field or Piece of Ground, called The Shorts, or Thorn Furlong, abutting upon the Roads leading from Downbam Market to Bexwell towards the North-east and South, and upon enclosed Land of Martin Pidgeon towards the Wests and also all that other Furlong Field or Parcel of Ground, called Hard Meadow, or The Crofts, abutting upon enclosed Lahd of Thomas Fuller in Part, and upon enclosed Land of Ro-be it Turrington in other Part, towards the North, upon Rabbit Lane aforesaid towards the Fast, upon enclosed Lands now or late of Arm Hudson, Roger Tiffin, and James Watson, towards the South, and upon enclosed Land of divers Persons in Part, and the Road leading from Downbam Market loWmbotfhdttt, in other Part, towards the West-, and also all that ocher Field or Parcel of Ground, called Coniger or Stewards Close, abutting upon Lands of Thomas Hare Esquire, towards the North and East, and upon the said Furlong, called Cross or Stone Furlong, towards the South, ard upon Rabbit Lane aforesaid towards the West s and also all that other Field or Parcel of Ground, called High Goody Lands, abutting upon a Field Road North on Old Hilgay Way aforesaid, towards the East, on Lands of divers Persons in Part, and upon Stone or Cross Furlong aforesaid, in other Part, towards the South, and on enclosed Land of the said Thomas Hare towards the West -, and also all that other Field or Parcel of Ground, Part of a certain other Furlong, called Low Goody Lands, abutting upon Lands of the Lid Thomas Hare and Edmund Saffeiy towards the North, upon enclosed Land late of the said William i

Creajy towards the East, upon a Field Road leading from Rabbit Lane aforesaid towards the South, and upon enclosed Land of the said Edmund Saffery towards the West; and also all that other Field or Parcel of Ground, other Part of the said Furlong, called Low Goody Lands, abutting upon enclosed Lands of the said Thomas Hare towards the North and West, upon enclosed Land of the said Edmund Saffery towards the East, and upon Rabbit Lane aforesaid towards the South; and also all that other Field or Parcel of Ground, called Sixpenny Wood, abutting upon the said Road leading from Downbam Market to Bexwell towards the North, and upon enclosed Lands of the said Robert Fellowes towards the South-call and West; and also all that other Field or Pared of Ground; called Brown’s C'tfts, abutting upon the last-mentioned Road towards the North, and upon enclosed Lands of the said Robert Fel'owet towards the East, South, and West; and also all that other Field or Parcel of Ground,

called Wbr.loiffam Field, abutting upon enclosed Lands of the said Edmund Saffeiy and Thomas Hare in Part, and upon the Turnpike Road leading from Downbam Market to Stow Bardo/ph in other Part, towards the North, upon enclof.d Lands of the said Robert Fellowes, Edmund Saffery, and Thomas Hare, towards the East, upon the said Road leading from Downbam Market to Bexwell in Part, and upon enclosed Lands of the fail! Robert Fellowes, Thomas Hare, James Hovell, and Edmund Saffery ih Purr, amt upon a Road leading from IVimbatfbam to Crimplesham irt Patr, and the Fuilong called Low Goody Lands in other Part, towards the

South,

704 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

South, upon the Road leading from Downham Market to Slew Bardalpht and a Road leading to a Place called Broom Hill in Part, upon enclosed Lands of the said Thomas Hare and James Hovell in Part, upon Land* late of the said William Creafy in Part, and upon the said Furlong called Hgb - Goody Lands in other Part, towards the Welt; and also One other Field or Parcel of Ground, called Priests Crofts, abutting upon a Common Drove Way towards the North, upon enclosed Land of the said Thomas Hare towards the East, upon other Land of the said Thomas Hare in Part, and upon enclosed Lands of Thomas Tounge and Benjamin Beavis in Other Part, and upon the King’s Flighway in other Part towards the South, and upon other Land of the said Thomas Tounge in Parr, and upon cncloftd Lands ot John Harvey and the said James Hovell in other Part, towards the West: And whereas the said Thomas Hare, William Say, and others, are fever.illy Owners of the said Open Field and other Lands, the principal Parti whereof are situated in the said Parish of IVimbotJham, but the Boundaries of the said several Parishes cannot at present be al'cerrained; and the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Open Field and oth'T Lands are intermixed and lie dispersed in small Pieces, and are very inconveniently situated for the Occupation and Cultivation thereof, and it would be highly advantageous and beneficial to the Cultivation of the said fcve. ral Open Field and other Lands, and to the said Proprietors, and all other Persons interested therein, if the fame were divided and eiclosed, and specifick Parts and Shares thereof allotted amongst the said P oprie-tors. Owners, and other Persons, according to their resprdbve Eliatcs, Rights, and Interests therein: But the lame cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty th it it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majrllv, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Open Field and other Lands within the said several Parishes of Downham Market, IVimbotJham, and Bexwell, shall with all convenient Speed after the passing of this Act be divided, fee out, and allotted in Appointment Manner hereinafter mentioned; and that John Dugmo c, of Swaffbasts in of Commit- t(,e fajj County of Norfolk, Gentleman, and John Houchen, of Wrebam in

’ the same County, Gentleman, and their Successors to be appointed as here-

in-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, and for carrying this Act inco Execution; and and Umpire, that Harvey Goodwin, of King’s Lynn in the same County, Gentleman, and his Successor for the Time being, to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall be and he is hereby appointed to act as an Umpire, touching any Difference of Opinion which shall rife between the said Two Ci<mmissioners in the Execution of this Act; and that all such Difference of Opinion (if any shall arise) shall be stated in Writing, and referred by the said Commissioners to the said Harvey Goodwin within Twenty-one Days nejtt after any such Difference shall have arisen, who shall determine the fame, and deliver to the said Commissioners, or One of them, such his Determination in Writing, the Name of the said Umpire being thereto signed, within Three Calendar Months from the Time any such Difference shall be referred to him; and the Judgement and Determination of the said Harvey Goodwin therein, in all Cases so referred to him, shall be deemed and taken to be the Judgement and Determination of the said Commissioners, and they the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required to conform thereto; and such Determination shall be enrolled and 1 recorded

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 705

recorded with and in the same Manner as the other Proceedings of thfc laid Commissioners under this Act are hereby directed to be enrolled and recorded.

II. And be it further enacted, That if either of the Commissioners or Appointment the Umpire herein-before named, or any Commissioner or Umpire to be mXone^and appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall die, refuse, r become incapa- Umpiie upon ble to act, then and in every such Case a new Commissioner or Umpire,

as the Case may be, shall and may be appointed in the Place and Stead of every Commissioner or Umpire To dying, refusing, or becoming inca-pab'c.to a.^» by a Majority in Value of the Proprietors of or other Persons inrprested in the said Open Field and other Lands, who shall be present at a Meeting to be appointed by the said Commissioner.', or the lur-viving or remaining Cpnfmissioner, as the Case may be, for that Purpose, within Two Calendar Months after any such Death, Refusa!, or Incapacity, of which Meeting Notice shall be affixed on the principal Outtr Doors of the respective Churches of the said several Parishes of Dcwn-bam Market, JVimbotfham, and BeuwtU, at leall Fourteen Days previous to such Meeting; bucr if the said Proprietors shall not make such Appointment as aforesaid within the Time aforesaid, then as often as it shall Co happen, the surviving or remaining Commissioner (or the Commissioners, in C ife of the Death, RefiTal, or Disability to act of such Umpire as aforesaid) shall withjp Twenty-one Days next after such Meeting to be appointed as aforesaid, appoinc another Commissioner or Umpire, not ipterested in the said Division or Allotments, in the room of every Commissioner or Umpire so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every such Appointment of a new Commissioner or Umpire shall be reduced into Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons making the same; and every such Commissioner and Umpire so to be appointed, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act in Execution, in all Respects whatsoever, as the Commissioner or Umpire, in whose Place he shall have been so appointed, was inverted with.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of aft- Commissioning as a Commissioner (except in giving Notice of the First Meeting of the Commissioners, and administering the following Oa'h or Affirmation) take an Oath, or as an Umpire or Surveyor in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath or Affirmation following; (that is to say),

‘ I Do swear, [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do solemnly ‘ affirm]. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the be ft of my Skill and Judgement, execute the several Powers,

‘ Trusts, and Authorities reposed in me by virtue of an Act for dividing,

'Allotting, and tnclosing certain Open Field and other Lands within the several ' Parifaes of Downham Marker, Wimbotlham, and Bexwell, in the County ' of Norfolk. 1 So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation either of the said Commissioners is hereby authorized and required to administer; and the said Oath or Affirmation written on Parchment, and so taken and subscribed, and also the Instrument of Appointment of every new Commissioner, Umpire, or Surveyor [Lw. & Per.] 8£, (if

706

Survey to be Biaiitr.

Notice of Meetings.

One Commit*

fior.er may adjourn.

Claim* to be delivered.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

(if any) with the like Oath or Affirmation to be taken by them respectively, shall be annexed to the Award of the Commissioners herein-after mentioned and directed to be made, and the fame, or a true Copy or Duplicate of the lame, shall be admitted a< Evidence in like Manner as such Award is herein-atier directed to be admitted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That a true and perfect Survey, Ad-meal'urement, and Plan of all the said Open Field and other Lands, shall with all convenient Speed af.cr ihe passing of this Act, be made and per-i'edted by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall for that Purpose appoint; and the said Survey, Admeal'urement, and Plan, shall be reduced into Writing, and the Number of Acres, R ods, and Perches, in Statute Measure, belonging to each Proprietor at the Time of such Survey, shall be therein set forth and ascertained; and the said Survey, Adme.Turemerit, and Plan, when compleated, shall be laid before the said Commissioners at their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act; and the fame, together with all other Matters anJ Things to be t'oie by the said Surveyor to be appointed as aforesaid, or his Assistants, shall be verified by h s, or their Oath, (which Oath either of the said Commissioners is htrcbv empowered to administer;) and the said Commissioners and Surveyor, their Affillanrs and Servants, and all and every other Person and Persons employed by the said Commissioners, shall have full and free Liberty and Power, and they are hereby autlvorized, at any Time or Times before the Execution of thjasaid Awardy^o enter into, view, examine, t'urvey, adtntalure, plan, ana allot the said Open Field md other Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and to fix S d<es or Landmarks thereon, and to do ali Matters and Things *hch shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners De requisite for carrying this Act into Execution.

V. And be it fori Her enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby rtquiied to caulc N »tice to be fixed upon the principal Outer Doors of me respective Parish Churches or Downham Market, IVimlotfiam, and Bcxwell aforesaid, of the Time and Place of their First and every succeeding Meeting for executing the Powers hereby vested in them, at lead Eight Days before such Meetings respectively, (Meetings by Adjournment, which they are hereby authorized to make, only excepted); and that if at the Time appointed for any such Meeting only One Commissioner shall attend, then such Commissioner shall and may adjourn the said Meeting to such future Day as he shall think fir, giving Notice thereof to the aofent Commissioner.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons naving or claiming any Right or Interest in the said Open Field ana other Lands, or any Part thereof, shall and they aie heiehy required, by themselves, their Guardians, Trustees, Agents, or Tenants, respectively, at the First or S-cond Meeting of the iaid Commissioners, to give and deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, a rrue and just Account, in Writing under their Hands, of the Lands and Tenement' belonging to them respectively, describing the Quantity of the Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Parts thereof respectively, and the Manor or Manors whereof such Copyhold Part or Parts arc or is

holdent

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 707

holden; and also a true and just Account of their respective Claims,

Rights, and Interests, in, to, over, and upon the said Open Field and other Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclufed; and that no such Accounts or Claims shall be received by the said Commissioners after such their Second Meeting; (except for some special Cause to be allowed by them); and all and every Person and Persons neglecting to give and deliver, or cause to be given and delivered uch Claims as aforesaid, shall be and they are hereby excluded and debarred of and from all Right and Title of, in, or to the said Open Field and other Lands, and from any Part, Share, or Allotment in lieu thereof, and also of and v from all Right, Title, and Inrereft whatsoever of, in, or to the several Pans 10 be allotted to any Person or Persons by virtue of this Act; and that all and every Claim and Claims of any Right and Intend in the said Open Field and other Lands, which shall be given or delivered to the said Commissioners in Writing as aforesaid, shall be produced by the said Commissioners to and at the Rrquest of any Proprietor or Proprietors intended in the said Open Field and other Lands, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, who shall have Liberty to inspect the same; and if O'o-eawns to any One or more of the Owners or Proprietors or other Persons imerelled cljlini-in the said intended Division and Allotments, shall have any Objection or Objections to the said Accounts or Claims, or any of them, or to any particular Part of any of them, such Objection or Objections shall be reduced into Writing, and delivered to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons, in such Manner and at such Time or Times as they shall appoint; and that all and every Person or Persons who shall claim any Right or Intered of and in the said Open Field and o:her Land*, and whose Claim being so objected to shall neglect or refuse, for the Space of Fourteen Days after Notice signed by the said Commissioners, and left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, or at the Place or Places of Abode of his, her, or their Guardian, Trudee, Agent, or Tenanr, who shall.iign such Claim, to produce Evidence of and prove to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, his, her, or their Right, in respect of his, her, or their Claim or Claims, or of the particular Tart thereof which shall be so objected to, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to exclude any such Person or Persons respectively from any Share in the said Division and Inclosure, in respect ot fu?h Part whereof no such Evidence or satisfactory Proof shall be adduced, unless the said CommissionersJ shall fee good Cause for prolonging the Time for producing Evidence in support of such Claims; and that in case Commission-any Claims shall be made and objected to as aforesaid, or if any Dispute f","8yrer. or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties intereded or claiming encei. to be imerested in the said intended Division and Allotments, touching cr concerning any Matter or Thing relating thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, as well by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath either of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer;, as upon any other proper and diffident Enquiry, Evidence, and Satisfaction, to examine into, hear, and finally determine the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Did Commission-Commissioners or Umpire, and they are hereby required from Time to moiTwit-' ' Time as they or he ftull fee Occasion, by any Writing under their or his neffe».

Hands or Hand, to summon and require any Person or Persons to appear

before

CO

41° GEORGII III. 46.

before them or him at any Time and Place in such Writing mentioned, and to testify the Truth upon Oath, (which Oath either of the said C>rii-inillioners, or the said Umpire^ is hereby empowered to administer) touching any Matter in Difference between any of the said Proprietors or Persons interestrd, or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the Premises, wherein any Doubt or Difficulty shall occur to the said Coth-missioners or Umpire, and to cause a Duplicate or Copy of such Writing to be delivered to f uh Person requ red to testify, or left? at his or her last Plate of Abode; and if any Person having been so summoned as aforesaid, and having been paid or tendered a sufficient Sum of Money (to be ascertained by the said Commissioners or Umpire) to defray the Charges of his or her Attendance, shall, without any just and rrafunable Excuse, neglect or refuse to appear before the said Commissioners or Umpire, pursuant to such Summons in Writing, or shall fcfulc to oe sworn, cr to be examined and give Evidence touching the Piemises, rbe said Commissioners or Ump re, upon due Proof thereof made before them or him upon Oath, (which Oath either of the said Codiir)ifli*»ners or the said Umpire is hereby empowered to administtr) shall and they axe hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and 3cal% directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds nor less Than Twenty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so neglecting or refusing to appear and give Evidence, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so d drained and fold, after deducing the Cods ithd Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Money to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards defraying the Colls and Changes of obtaining ajid rxe-Personsj'iv- cuting this Act; and if any Person on his Or her Examination upon Oath f ir« before the said Commissioners or Umpire, shall wilfully and corruptly be pundhed. give fal'e Evidence, such Person f>< offending, and being the re if duly cdnvidled, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and 1 able to the fame Pains and Penalties as Persons convicted of corrQpt Perjury are fub; jest and liable to by any Law in being.

Conmifiton-ers n«.t to determine Title*.

S'i'<ts not to impede inclo lure.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Right or Title'to any of the said Open Field and other Lands so to be dbided, allotted, and inclosed, for which the Parties may commence and prosecute such Suits or Remedies as they shall be advised and think proper; and that no Difference or Suit, touching the Right or Title to any Part thereof, shall impede or delay the Commissioners in the Execution Of the Powers vested in them by this Act, but the Division and Inclosure aforesaid shall be proceeded In notwithstanding such Differences or Suits.

Commission-

IX. And whereas Disputes may happen to arise between the Owners rccrtam of Open Field and other Lands, or between them and the Owners

Boundaries, of adjoining Lands or Grounds, touching the Boundaries of some Part of the said Open Field and other Lands, or touching the Boundaries and Fxrent of the said several Parishes of Dcwnbam Market, Wimbbtsham, and Bcxwell, so far as resptcls the Lid Open Field and otlur Lands; be ii therelore further enacted, That the said Commissioners rnay and they are hereby authorized and empowered to enquire into, set out, ascertain, fix, 4 ’and

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

1°9

tad determine the Boundaries of the said Open Field and other Lands, and of the said several Parishes, touching which any futh Dispute shall arise 5 and the said Commissioners shall within One Calendar Month after

{heir setting out, fixing, and determining the said B undaries, give Noice thereof to the Fetfon or Persons between whom any such Dispute as aforesaid shall arise: Provided nevertheless, That the Determination of the said Commi/fiorrers respecting such Boundaries shall be subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, as herein-after mentioned.

X. And whereas it may shorten the Boundary Fences between the said for shorten-Open Field and other Lands, and the Lands adjoining, if the said Commissioners were empowered to cause Fences to be raised in such Lines as they shall think most proper and convenient for shortening and m iking the fame regular j be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the Confenr in Writinn of the maior

set out, ascertain, and determine the Boundary Fences to be made be* tween the said Open Field and other Lands, and such adjoining Lands as aforesaid, as they shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundaries shall be to made, set out, ascertained, and determined at aforesaid, the same shall be fenced by such Persons and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said Open Field and other Lands, and such adjoining Lands, and a Description of the said Boundaries shall be inferred in the Award to be made as herein* after mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Trees, Fences, Hedges, or No Trento Buthes, now (landing or growing in or upon any of the Lands or Grounds ^u,4°par. hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and which shall be exchanged ling of the by virtue of this Act, shall be cut down or destroyed by the Owners and Proprietors thereof, without the Consent of the said Commissioners first ot'corcmir. had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose j and if any of the said "°n*r*. ->n.t Lands or Grounds whereon any such Trees, Fences, Hedges, or Bushes to'beVaiiefor shall be (landing or being at the Time of the Execution of the said Trees, Fences, Award, shall be allotted to any Person or Persons other than the present t e'

Owner or Owners thereof, all such Trees, Fences, Hedges, and Bushes

shall be left uncut for the Benefit of such Person or Persons to whom such Allotment or Allotments shall be made, and he, she, or they shall make such Compensation in Money to the former Ownef or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands in that Behalf order and appoint; and such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall have the fame Powers for recovering such Compensation as is herein-after provided respecting the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the lame into Execution.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Roads, they are hereby authorized and required to let out and appoint proper

and convenient publick and private Rotds, Highways, Bridle Ways,

Footways, Gates, Stiles, and other Requisitcs, in, over, and upon the said Open Field and other Lands, as rbey shall think necessary and proper, so that all new publick Carriage Roads lb to be set out shall contain

Part in Value of the Persons interested

[Lee. fJ Per.]

8 R

Thirty

7lo

Certificate to be delivered to Clerk of the Peace.

4i* GEORGti lit. Cap. 46.

Thirty Feet between and exclusive of the Ditches or Fences; and all fodi publick Carriage Roads shall be well and sufficiently fenced Out on each Side from the Lands adjoining by such of the Owners and Propiirtors of the said Open Field and other Lands, and within such Time Its thfet said Commissioners shall by any Writing under their Hands direct and appoint; and it shall not be lawful for any Personto erect any Cate acroTs any of the said Roads, or to plant any Trees in or near the Hedges Oti the Sides of any of the said Roads at a less Distance from e;ch other than Fifty Yards; and after the said publick Carriage Roads (halt have been set out as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall and they aie hereby empowered and required, by Writing under their Hands, ro appoint Tome proper Person to be Surveyor of the said Roads, and fodt Surveyor ftnft cause the same to be properly formed and completed, and put into good and fu.ficient Repair, and shall be allowed such Salary or Reward fothis Trouble therein as the said Commissioners shall by Wriring under theit Hands direct and appoint; which Salary or Reward, and also the Ex» peaces (over and above the Statute Duty) of forming the said Roads, and of putting the Tame into good and sufficient Repair, (hill fee 'borne and paid by the Persons to whom Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Ai1, and shall be raised by a Kate to be laid on such Persons according to the Value of their respective Allotments to be ascertained by the said Commissioners, such Rates to be laid and assessed by the said Commissioners, or by any Justice of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, upon Application made for that Purpose by the said Surveyor, and to be cnl-lested and received by such Person as the said Commissioners or Justice, by whom such Rate shall be laid and assessed, shall by Writing appoint, and which said Rate or Rates shall be recovered in such and the same Manner as the General Expences of this Act are herein-afeer directed to be recovered; and that none of the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes of Downham Market, Wimbotsham, and Bexwell (other than the relj eftive Persons to whom Allotments of the said Open Field and Other Linds hereby intended to be divided and enclosed shall be made) shall be charged or chargeable (over and above the Statute Duty) towards the forming or repairing the said publick Carriage Roads, until the same shall be made fit for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, and shall have been certified so to be by the said Surveyor by Writing under his Hand, to be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, or his Deputy, at some General or Adjourned Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, and until such Certificate shall have been allowed and confirmed by the Justices at such Sessions; which said Certificate shall be so delivered to the Clerk of the Peace at the General or Adjourned Quarter Sessions to be holden next after the said Roads shall be formed and putin good and sufficient Repair as aforesaid, and within the Space of Two Years next after the Execution of the Award or Instrument herein-after mentioned, unless sufficient Reason be given to the Satisfaction of the said Justices that a further Time is necessary for that Purpose, in which Cafe the said Justices may and are hereby empowered to allow Inch-further Time for delivering in the said Certificate as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Year; and in case the said Surveyor shall neglect or refute to deliver in such Certificate within the Time before limited, he shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds, to be reedvered in like Manner as any other Penalty is by this Act authorized to be recovered, and the same shall be applied towards

41° GEORGII til. Cap. 46. 'rxij

tlit Expcftces of tarrying this Act into Execution, in such Manntr as the said Commissioners shall direct \ and after such Certificate shall have been delivered to the said Cktk of the Peace by the said Surveyor as aforesaid, and shall have been allowed and confirmed at such Session, the said Roads shall from Time to Time be supported and kept in Repair in the fame Manntr as other publick Roads within the same several I’arilhes are by Law to be amended and kept in Repairs and that the said other Ro*ds or Ways, and all Gates, Stiles* and other Requisites to be set out as aforesaid, shall be made and at all Times maintained and repaired by or at tht Expence of such Perfoftahd Persons to whom the said Lands and Grounds shall be allotted, in such Shanes and Proportions as the said Commisli jnerX shall order, direct, and appoint \ and all former Roads and Way* which otd Roads shall not be continued, let out, and ascertained as aforesaid, shall be Ps« deemed Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and enclosed pur- of the Land, suant to this Act; and the Grass and Herbage growing and arising on ail t°b*enclose<1-the said publick Roads and Ways which shall be so let oiit as aforesaid. Herbage of shall be taken and enjoyed by the Person or Persons whose Lands shall Rolds' front and adjoin the fame, and by no other Person Of Persons whomsoevtr;

(that is to say), the Person or Persons whose Lands shall front and adjoin

on both Sides of such publick Roads or Ways shall take and enjoy the Whole of the Grass and Herbage growing and arising thereon, so far as

his or their laid Lands shall extend, and the Person or Persons whose Lands

shall front arid adjoin such Roads and Ways on Gne S tie only, shall take

ind enjoy such Grass and Herbage to the Centre of the said Roads Or

Ways, so fir as his or their said Lands shall extend'; and tht said Com- Commission-

missioners shall and may divert, stop up, discontinue, alter, or thangfe "s

any old publick or private Road or Footway leading into, through, over, Road« and

or upon the said Open Field and other Lands, aS to them shall appear

useless and unnecciTary.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That as fooh Notice to be Ss conveniently may be after the said Commissioners shall have set out

and appointed such publick Carriage Roads as aforesaid, they shall cause "B °ut’ Notice thereof to be given by Advertisement in some Newspaper ilfually circulated in the Neighbourhood; and that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall think himself, herself? or themselves aggrieved by the Setting-out, Appointment, or Disposition of any cf such publick Carriage Roads as aforesaid (on giving Notice in Writing to either of the said Commissioners of his, her, or their Intention, within Fourteen Days after the Publication of such Advertisement, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, with Two sufficient Sureties, in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor lei's than Twenty Pounds, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Cods as shall be awarded, as herein-after mentioned), to appeal against all or any of such publick Carriage Roads to some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County of Norfilk, within Four Calendar Months next after the Setting-out, Appointment, or Disposition of the said publick Carriage Roads, and Notice thereof given as aforesaid, and he, (lie, <r they shall be heard by himself, herself, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Counsel, Agents, Attornies, and Witnesses; and that the said Commissioners, of One of them, ot their Surveyor or Clerk, shall attend at such Sessions, and the Justice*

before

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

before whom such Appeal shall be made* upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall, on hearing the Evidence, finally determine whether the said publick Carriage Roads so appealed against shall be made, or whether any other publick Cartiage Roads shall be let out, and shall make and give fudi Orders and Directions touching the Matters before them, and award such Cods,- as to them shall freni necessary and expedient in that Bchaif i and such Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all, Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record'at Westminster or elsewhere j but in case no such Notice (halt; bo given to One of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or such Appeal shall not be proceeded in as aforesaid, then such Setting-our, Appointment, and Disposition of the said publick Carriage Roads by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever. t

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, to divide, set out, and allot the said Open Field and other Lands, unto and amongst the several Owners and Pro* prictors thereof, and the several Persons entitled thereto or interested therein, in Proportion to the Value of their several and respective Ef-tates, Rights, and Interests; and the said Commissioners, in making the Situation to be DIvl, ions and Allotments, shall and they are hereby required to have confiJered. a due Regard to the Quantity, Quality, and Situation of the Lands to be allotted, and to the Convenience of every one of such Owners, Proprietors, and other Persons, as far as may be confident with the general Convenience of all Parties concerned.

Allotment. to

XV. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be set Landlto of out allotted unto and for the several Owners, Proprietors, and other which Fro- Persons interested in the said Open Field and other Lands, shall be and are now entitl'd hereby verted in them respectively, in lull Bar and Satisfaction of and for the respective Estates, Riglus, and Interests, to which such Persons are now respectively entitled.

Commission-

XVI. And whereas there are several Inclosures lying within the said Exchanges of Paddies of Downbam Market, IVimbotJham, and Bexwell, whereof Two intermixed or more Persons are Proprietors, and their respective Property thereirrlie Lands. intermixed, and cannot be conveniently occupied in Severalty; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to exchange any Lands or Grounds so lying intermixed for any other Lands within the said several Parishes, or any of them, in such Manner as they shall think most convenient and beneficial to the several Owners thereof.

Exchange.

XVII. And be it further emitted, That it shall be lawful fur the Trustee or Trustees, Feoffee or Feoffees, and for all or any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Poliiick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and for all or any other Person or Persons who are or shall be Proprietors and Owners of any of the said Open Field and other Lands, or of any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Grounds, Tithes, Tenements and Hereditaments lying within or Killing out of the said several Parishes of Downbam Market,

I fftllb

J12

Allotments.

Quantify,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

713

l/tmbotsham, and Rcxwell, any or either of them, or any Parish or Place thereto or to either of them adjoining, and to and for the Husbands,

Guardiaus, Committees, Trustees, or Attornies for and on the Behalf of any such Proprietors and Owners, being under Coverture, Minors, Lunaticks. Idiots, beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Disability or Incapacity, and also for any of the said Proprietors and Owners being Tenants in Tail or for Life or Lives only, or for Years determinable on One or more Life or Lives, and also to and for any Person or Persons acting as Guardians, Committees, Trulices, or Atfornies for any such Proprietors and Owners being under any Disability whatsoever, to exchange with each other all or any Part of the said Open Field and other Lands, and of the said Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Grounds, Tithes,

Tenements, and Hereditaments of which they may be respectively Proprietors and Owners, or entitled to or interested in as aforesaid, as well for any of the said Open Field and other Lands, as for any of the said Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Grounds, Tithes, Tenements, and Hereditaments lying within or issuing out of the said several Parishes of Down-ham Market, Wmbatsham, and Bexwell, any or either of them, belonging to them, any or either of them respectively, and so to exchange again from Time co Time, before the Execution of the Award of the Commissioners herein-after mentioned, as to such Proprietors and Owners, or other Persons interehed as aforesaid, shall seem meet; and also to divide Partitions, and make Partition of and hold in Severalty all or any Part of the said Open Field and other Lands to he assigned and allotted to any such Proprietors and Owners as aforesaid, and of all or any of their Messuages,

Cottages, Lands, Grounds, Tithes, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Parishes, any or either of them, of which any such Proprietors and Owners shall be seised as Joint Tenants or Tenants in Common; and that all and every such Exchanges and Divisions, or Partitions, shall be made with the Consent of the said Commissioners, and described in their Award to be made as herein-after is direefed, and from and after the Execution of such Award by the said Commissioners shall be good, valid, and effectual; provided that no such Exchange shall be made of any Messuages, Lands, Grounds, Tithes, Tenements, and Hereditaments held in Right of any Church or Chapel, without the Consent in Writing of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese, and the Patron of such Church or Chapel for the Time being respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments and Ex- Proprietors to changes which shall be let out, allotted, made, and awarded, in pur- J^g^AUot-fuance of this Act, shall be accepted and taken possession of by the several Persons to and for whom the same shall be respectively set out, allotted, made, and awarded, within Three Calendar Months next after the Date and Execution of the Award herein-after directed to be made; and that it shall be lawful for the Guardians, Husbands, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any Person or Persons being Minors, under Coverture,

Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable by Law to accept of loch Allotments, and they are hereby enabled and required to accept the lame lor the Use of such Person or Persons so incapacitated, and every such Acceptance shall be and is hereby declared to be as valid and efltdual as if the Person or Persons to or for whom the same shall be made was or were capable of acting for himself, herself, or themselves; provided that the Non-claim or Non-acceptance of any such Guardian,

£Loc. y Per.] 8 S Husband,

It* 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Husband, Trustee, Committee, or Attorney, shall not exclude or prejudice the Claim or Acceptance of any Minor, Feme Covert, Lunatick, Absentee, or other Person under such Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, who shall claim and accept his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments within Twelve Calendar Months next after such Disability or Incapacity shall be removed, nor of any Person or Persons entitled as Heir Or in Remainder after the Death of any Person dying under such Disability or Incapacity, who shall claim and accept his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments within Twelve Calendar Months next after his, her, or their Right or Title shall have accrued.

Allotments

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all the said Open Field and other fame Tenure Lands, and the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Grounds, Tythes, Tene-andfuhjeftto ments, and Hereditaments, which shall be allotted or exchanged by attteLands* v*rtue of this Act, shall, from and immediately after the Execution of forwhiebthey the said Award, go to, remain, and enure, and be held and enjoyed, are allotted. ancj the fevt.ra] persons who shall be entitled to and interested in the same shall (land and be seised thereof to such and the same Uses and Trusts, and for such and the fame Estates, and the same shall be held under such and the fame Tenures, and subject to the fame Leases (except in the Cafe of Leases at Rack Rent), Wills, Intails, Limitations, Provisoes, Conditions, Remainders, Rent Charges, Out Rents, Fee F'arm Rents, Quit Rents, Services, Charges, Mortgages, Judgements, and other Incumbrances, as the several Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made as aforesaid, shall or should or would have been subject or liable to be charged with or affected by, at the Time of making such Allotments or Exchanges, in case this Act had not been made; and all Leases, Wills, Intails, Limitations, Provisoes, Conditions, Remainders, Tenures, Rents, Rent Charges, Out Rents, Fee Farm Rents, Services, Mortgages, Charges, and other Incumbrances, charged upon or affecting any of the said Open Field and other Lands, Messuages, Lands, Grounds, and Tenements of any of the said Parties respectively, which shall be allotted to or exchanged with any other Person or Persons, shall cease, determine, and be void, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary Copyholders notwithstanding; and that all and every Person or Persons to or with toi>e admitted whom any Copyhold Lands and Premises shall be allotted or exchanged 10A otments. as shall within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution

of the said Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame, without paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Steward or Stewards of the Manor or Manors of which the same shall be holden, slave and except the Stamp Duties and Parchment requisite to be used for the Copies of such Admissions respectively, and such reasonable Fees to the Steward of the said Manor or Manors, as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award order and direct), but in case the Person or Persons to or with whom such Lands and Premises shall be allotted or exchanged shall die, without being so admitted within the said Six Calendar Months, then the customary Fines, Fees, and other Payments shall be due and payable on the Admission of the Person entitled tofuchLandsand Premises; and afterevery such First Admission as aforesaid, the Ccpyhold Premises so to be allotted or exchanged as aforesaid, shall at all Times be held under and subject to the fame Tenure, Fines, Fees, and other Payments, as the present Copyhold MefTuDges, Cotcages,

Lands,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. ;if

Lands, Grounds.Tenements, and Hereditaments, in lieucr in respect whereof such Lands and Premises were allotted or exchanged, shall at the Time

of the Execution of the said Award be held under and subject to j and the commissionj

said Commissioners shall by their said Award determine, describe, and n*

abut the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds respectively, so to hold and

be allotted or exchanged as aforesaid, which are to be and remain

Copyhold or Leasehold, and all other Messuages, Buildings, Lards, and Allotment,

Grounds, to be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act (except what

shall be so ascertained by the said Commissioners to be Copyhold or

Leasehold) shall be from thenceforth deemed, taken, and enjoyed as

Freehold Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds, subject neverthe-

less to such Frtle Rents and Services as are now payable out of the respect-

ive Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for or in respect whereof they shall or may be allotted or exchanged.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Allotment or For fencing Allotments which in pursuance of this Act shall be made or allotted to vkar* any Rector or Rectors, Vicar or Vicars, for or in lieu of or in respect Allotments, of any Glebe Lands, shall be inclosed or fenced in with a Ring-fence, in

such Manner as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award direct or appoint; and such Fences shall be made at the Expence of the several Owners and Persons hereby made liable to the Costs and Charges of obtaining and carrying this Act into Execution, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award order and direct; and from and after such Fences shall be made, the same shall be for ever thereafter preserved, maintained, and kept in Repair, by and at the Expence of such Rector or Rectors, Vicar or Vicars respectively, as the said Commissioners shall appoint.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Allotments of the said Fences. Open Field and other Lands shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, fenced,

and drained, and all such Hedges, Ditches, Fences, and Drains, and all Banks, Tunnels, Gates, Stiles, and other Conveniences therein, which shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, shall be made, by or at the Expence of such Person or Persons, (except the said Rector or Rectors,

Vicar or Vicars) within such Time, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award order, direct, and appoint; and if any such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to make any Hedge, Ditch, Fence, Drain, Tunnel, Gate, or Stile, within the Time aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hertby empowered and required (notwithstanding the y shall have executed their said Award) to meet together, and cause such Hedges,

Ditches, Fences, Drains, Tunnels, Gates, and Stiles, to be made, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and the Expences thereof, and of the Meeting or Meetings of the said Commissioners, and all other Charges allowed or ordered by the said Commissioners, shall be defrayed and paid by the Person or Persons so having neglected or refused to observe and pertorm the Order of the said Commissioners; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay all or any Part of such Colls, Charges, and Expences, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to cause the same to be raised and levied by such Ways and Means as the Colls, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, are hereby directed to be levied and recovered: And for

better

'jib' 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Power to better preserving the Hedges, Ditches, Banks, Plants, Quicksets, and

so^T«n Yean ^cncts of the intended Allotments, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Persons to whom any Lands or Grounds shall be assigned or allotted by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time and at all Times during the Term of Ten Years next after the Execution of the said Award, to set or fix Posts or Rails, or any other Guards, on the Outside of the Hedges, Ditches, Banks, and Fences bounding their respective Allotments, not exceeding Three Feet from such Hedges, Ditches, Banks, and Fences, and ac all seasonable Times before the lind of the said Term, to remove, take, and carry away such Polks, Hails, and other Guards, and convert the same to dieir respective Uses; and in case any Person or Persons who shall bedireded by the said Commissionas to keep in Repair any such Hedges, Ditches, Fences, Drains, Tunnels, Gates, and Stiles, shall (after the same shall have been made as aforesaid) neglect or refuse to keep the fame in proper and sufficient Order or Repair, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or Grounds within the said several Parishes, or any of them (after Fourteen Days Notice by him or them given to the Person or Persons who ought to repair the fame, or to his, her, or their Agent or Steward, or left at his, her, or theirlaft or most usual Place or Places of Abode) to repair and put the fame in proper Order, and the reasonable Costs and Expences thereof) which Costs and Expences the Justice or Justices next herein-after mentioned shall and they are hereby required to fix and ascertain, upon the Oath or Oaths of the Party or Parties having paid the fame, that the said Colls and Expences were reasonable and fair Charges, and actually by him, her, or them paid and expended, (and which Oath or Oaths the said Justice or Justices are hereby empowered to administer) shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons who ought to have repaired the fame; and in case of Refuful to pay such Costs and Expences, the fame may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, and Effects of such Person or Persons, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required to grant, upon the Complaint of such Proprietor or Proprietors, if he or they shall think proper) and the Overplus of the Monies arising from such Distress and Sale, after deducing the reout the said Costs and Expences, and all the Charges attending such Distress and Sale, shall be paid, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

Award.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be

after the said Commissioners shall have completed and (iniftied the said Divisions, Allotments, and Exchanges of the said Open Field and other Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and indofed as aforesaid, or of any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Grounds, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall or may be exchanged or divided in pursuance of this Act, they the said Commissioners shall cause to be formed and drawn up an Award or Instrumenc in Writing, which shall contain and express the Quantity, in Statute Measure, of Acres, Roods, and Perches contained in the said Open Field and other Lands, and of the Lands and Grounds which shall or may be exchanged or partitioned, and the Quantity of each and every Part and Parcel thereof assigned or allotted to or exchanged and divided with each and every of the Proprietors

717

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

erors or Owners entitled to or interested in the fame, and the Number of Messuages, Cottages, or Tenements, which shall be exchanged and par-titii;ncd as aforesaid, and a Description of the Situation, Abuttals, and Boundaries of the lame Parcels and Allotments respectively, and proper Orders and Directions for fencing the fame Parcels and Allotments, and for making and laying out the publick and private Roads, Ways, and Passages, and other Requifues as aforesaid, in and through the said Open Field and other Lands, and shall also express and contain such other Orders and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall think proper toinfert in such Award, conformable to the Tenor and Purport of this Act; and the said Award shall be fairly iiigrofled or written on Parchment, and read over in the Presence of the Proprietors who may attend at a Special Ge-neial Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which Ten Days Notice shall be given in the Newspaper called The Norfolk Chronicle, or in case the same shall not be then published, in some other Newspaper published or circulated in the said County of Norfolk, and the said Award shall be executed by the said Commissioners at such Meeting; which Execution shall be proclaimed the next Sunday in the Parish Churches of Downham Market, Wimbotsham, and Bexwell aforesaid, from which Time only the same shall be considered as complete; and a reduced Map or Plan of the said Open Field and other Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and of the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Which shall be exchanged or partitioned as aforesaid, shall be annexed to Fuch Award; and the said Award shall be inrolled in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Norfolk, so that Recourse may be had to such Inrolment by any Person or Persons whomsoever (for the inspection or Perusal whereof the Sum of One Shilling shall be paid and no more) and the fame or a true Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof attested by the said Commissioners, or the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or by the proper Officer of the Court where the same shall be inrolled (for which Copy no more shall be paid than Four-pence for every Sheer, cx-elusive of Paper, Parchment, and Stamps, each Sheet containing Seventy two Words) shall from Time to Time and at all Times thereafter be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained in all Courts whatsoever; and the said Award, w hen To inrolled, shall be deposited and kept in the Parish Church of Downham Market aforesaid, or in such other Place as the said Commissioners shall appoint, that the fame may be inspected by any Person or Persons infer efted therein; and the said Award, and the several Allotments, Divisions,

Exchanges, Partitions, Orders, Dtreftions, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall be and are hereby declared to be binding and conclusive unto and upon all and every Person and Persons interested in or entitled to the said Open Field and other Lands, Messuages, Cottages, Lands,

Grounds, Tithes, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, exchanged, or partitioned as aforesaid.

XXHF. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Act, Course of until the Execution of the said Award, all the said Open Field and other bVim/it^Do Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall during that Time reSion of be subject and liable to such Directions and Regulations as the said Com Commission-missionets shall from Time to Time by Writing under their Hanus appoint, as well with regard to the (locking as to the plowing, tilling, fow-\L.oc. & Per.] 8 T ing.

7i8

Allowance of Commission-<rs, Umpire, and Surveyors.

For paying the Expences of this Act.

Power to recover Ex-ptnees.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 4$;

ing, and laying down the fame 5 and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order and direct such Sum or Sums of Money in respect thereof to be paid by any Person interested in the said Open Field and other Landj, or his or her Tenant, to any other Person in like Manner intended therein, or his or her Tenant, as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable; and if any Person who shall be directed to pay any Sum or Sums of Money on any of the Accounts aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the same for the Ufc and Benefit of the Person entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, are hereby directed to be or can or may be raised and levied.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money which shall be raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, there shall be. paid to each of the said Commissioners, and to the said Umpire, the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence for each and every Day they shall respectively be employed in travelling to, or returning from, and attending the Execution of this Act, and no more* and that at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, the said Commissioners and Umpire shall defray their own Expences out of such Allowance; and that the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall be paid such Sum or Sums of Money for his or their Trouble and Expences as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences preparatory to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of surveying, dividing, and allotting the said Open Field another Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and of making any such Exchanges and Partitions as aforesaid, and of fetdng out, forming, and making the said publick Roads as aforesaid, and of inclosing and ringfencing the Allotment or Allotments which shall by virtue of this Act be made or allotted to any Rector or Rectors, Vicar or Vicars as aforesaid, and of preparing, executing, and inrolling of the said Award, and the Charges of the said Commissioners, Umpire, and Surveyors, and all other proper and necessary Expences in the Execution of this Act, shall be borne and defrayed by the several Owners and Proprietors of the said Open Field and other Lands, and of the said Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Grounds, Tithes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so exchanged and partitioned as aforesaid respectively (except such Rector or Rectors, Vicar or Vicars as aforesaid) in such Proportions, and shall be paid to such Person and Persons, in such Manner and at such Time or Times, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint, the said Commissioners in apportioning such Expences having regard as well to the Trouble and Expence occasioned by every Persons Estate and Interest as to the Value thereof; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion of such Costs, Charges, and Expences as last aforesaid, then the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered, notwithstanding the y shall have executed their said Award, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands arid Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either before or after the Execution of the said

Award,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 7i9

Award, cause such Coils, Charges, and Expences to be levied by Dif-trels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons k> neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Charges and Expences of taking and making such Distress, and felling the fame, or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons to be authorized by them, from Time to Time to enter into and upon and let the Premises so to be allotted, exchanged, or partitioned as aforesaid, and take the Rents and Profits thereof reftectively, until thereby or therewith such Cods, Charges, and Expences so to be ordered and directed by the said Commissioners to be paid by such Person or Persons, and also all Loss or Damage, Costs, Charges, and Expences occasioned by or attending such Entry, or upon any Perception of the Rents and Profits of the lame Premises, shall respectively be fully paid and satisfied.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every subsisting Lease

and Leaf-s, Agreement and Agreements at Rack Rent, of all or any Part vo". 0 e or Parts of the said Open Field and other Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or of all or any of the Messuages, Cottages,

Lands, Grounds, Tithes, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall or may be exchanged or partitioned as aforesaid, held along with or without any other Messuages, Lands, or Grounds, and all other Agreements at Rack Rent for any Term or Terms of Years therein respectively, shall as to the said Open Field and other Lands, Messuages, Houses, Tenements, Lands, and Grounds so to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, exchanged and partitioned, cease, determine, and be void, immediately upon the Execution of the said Award by the said Commissioners, or ae such other Time before or after such Execution as the said Commissioners shall appoint and direct s the respective Lessees or Tenants thereof firit receiving or having duly tendered to them, from the respective Proprietors or Owners of such Premises, such Satisfaction (if any) as the said Commissioners shall ascertain as reasonable to be paid to such Tenant or Tenants, or as such Proprietors or Owners and Tenants shall among themselves agree upon as an Equivalent for the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Proprietors Proprietors aforesaid, or any other Person, shall advance any Money for defraying Money to tw the Expences of applying for and obtaining this Act, or for carrying the repaid, fame into Execution, every such Person shall be repaid such Money,

with Interest ior the fame after the Rate of Five Pounds per centum per annum, out of the Money which shall be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Piwer to feor-Guardians, Husbands, Truilces, Committees, or Attornies of or for any rowMoo*)> Infants, Idiots, Lunaticks, Femes Covert, Persons beyond the Seas, and

others incapable of acting for themselves, and for all Tenants in Tailor for Life, and all Trustees whatsoever, and for any of them respectively (except such Rector or Rectors, Vicar or Vicars as aforesaid) by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals from Time to Time to charge the Lands and Grounds which shall be assigned or allotted to or lor them respectively by virtue of this Act, with such Sum or Sums of Mo-12 ney

720

Appeal.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

ney as the said Commissioners shall think proper, not exceeding Four Pounds an Acre for every Acre of Land so to he allotted to them re- Ipedlively, to be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act; and for securing the Re-payment of such Sum or Sums of Money with Interest for the fame, to grant, mortgage, kare, or demile, the Lands and Grounds so to be charged, unto such lJerloti or Persons who shall advance or lend the fame respectively for any Termor Number of Yea'S or otherwise, so that every such Grantor Demise be made with a Proviso Or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trtft o' Declaration to be surrendered, assigned, or reconveyed, when such Sum and Sums of Money thereby secured, with the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and Ltisfied, and so that in every such G*ant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, which shall be made by any Person or Persons being Tenant or Tenants in Tail or for Life, there be a Covenant to keep down the I te-rest of the Lid Money during the respective Life or Lives of the Party or Parties making the same, and an express Proviso that no Person afterwards becoming possessed of any such Lands or Grounds shall be liable to pay any further Arrear of Intetefl- than from the last Day of Payment which shall have taken place immediately previous to the Death of such Paity or Parlies, but that all Arrears which shall become due previous to the Death of any such Party or Parties shall be paid in a Course of Admi-fiistration by the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying; and that every such Gfant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, made in pursuance of this Act, whether made before or after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, (provided the Allotment or Allotments shall have been flaked out and accepted) shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended, without any Fine or Recovery, and notwith* standing the Want of legal Title or any Settlement, Will, Trust, Use, Remainder, Limitation, or other Tncuinbrance of, upon, affcdling, or concerning the same Grounds, Lands, and Premises, or any Part thereof, then in being or capable of taking Eflfedt to the contrary , and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise shall be made by Authority of this Act, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, by him, her, or them duly executed, assign or transfer the Security or Securities, or the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, and all his, her, or their Right, Title, and Interest in and to the fame, unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, who may again in like Manner assign the fame, and so tolies quo tits; and such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Assignee or Assignees, or his, her, or their Executors and Administrators, and all Persons claiming under them, or any of them, shall and may use, take, and pursue all such lawful Methods, Courses, and Expedients in Law or Equity, for the recovering and obtaining the Possession of the Premises so to be mortgaged, demised, or assigned as aforesaid, in case of Non-payment of the Principal Money and Interest to be thereby secured, or ahy Part thereof, as is, arc, or can be used, taken, and pursued in all Cases of the like Nature.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall find himself, herftlf, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case (except where any other Mode of Relief is hereby appointed, or the Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners or Umpire are hereby declared to be binding

721

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

and conclusive, he, she, or they may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the said County of Norfolk within Six Calendar Months next alter the Cause of Complaint shall have ariten; and the Justices in such Session afferr.bled are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of every loch Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Colls, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same respectively, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; and every Order and Determination of the said Justices, upon every such Appeal, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Books of Ac-and they are hereby required to enter in a Book or Books to be provided preceding* for that Purpose, all and every the Acts, Proceedings, and Rrsolutions of tobckept" them the said Commissioners and Umpire, and an Account of all Monies for

whatsoever received from the Proprietors or Owners of Lands, or other Proprietor* Persons, during the Progress of the Inclosure of the said Open Field and In(i’cfllon' other Lands hereby directed, and also of all the Charges, Expences, and Disbursements which shall accrue or be made by virtue of this Act, and in carrying the fame into Execution; which Book of Account shall be kept at the Office of the Solicitor of the said Inclosure, open at all seasonable Times during the Progress of the said Inclosure, and till all the Accounts are finally settled, for the Inspection of any of the said Proprietors, without Fee or Reward; and in case the said Commissioners, or the said Solicitor, shall neghft to provide and keep such Book or Books, and enter or cause to be entered fairly therein all and Angular the Matters and Things aforesaid, or shall refuse the Inspection of such Book when provided, and such Entries so made therein, to any of the said!Proprietors, at reasonable Times in Manner before mentioned, and shall be thereof duly convicted, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, before any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Norfolk, or of such other County or Place where such Commissioners or Solicitor so offending shall be or refute (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) every such Commissioner or Solicitor so neglecting or refusing, or causing such Neglect or Refusal, and convicted as aforesaid, shall (orfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor left than Five Pounds; and if he or they shall make Default in paying such Sum for the Space of Ten Days next after such Conviction, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant) and the Overplus, after such Penalty and the Charges of such Distrrfs and Sate are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Money an Gng by such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be paid and applied to or [Lor. y Per.'] 3 U to

722

Monies received, when amounting to Fifty P«unds, to he put inio Banker’s Hands, or such other Person as shall be approved by a Majority of the Proprietors.

Saving mane-rial Rights.

General

Saving.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

to the TIfe of such Proprietor or Pcifun intciefled making Lch Complaint.

XXXh And be it further enacted, That all and every the Monies to be raised and received under and by virtue of the Powers of this Act, during the Progress of the intended Division and inclosure, shall Iron) Time to Time, as often as the fame fli.,11 amount to the Sum or Fifty Pounds, be paid to and deposited in the Hands of some B inker, or Lch other Person or Persons as shall be approved of by a Majority in Value of the Proprietors who shall be present at the first Meeting of the said Commissioner?, and in the Notice of which Meeting shall he expressed the Intention of then appointing such Banker, or such other Person or Persons; and no such Monies tlepofiteJ or paid into the Hands of such Banker, or other Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be issued or paid by him or them without an Order in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, specifying the Person or Persons to whom the lame are respectively payable, and the Service or Consideration for which the same are due, and that the Balance (if any) upon the final Settlement of all Accounts in anywise concerning the Business or the said intended Division and Inclosure, shall be immediately repaid and returned to the several Proprietors or Persons interfiled, in Proportion to the several Sums respectively paid and advanced by them.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title, or Intrrcft of any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor or Manors, Loruship or Loroships, or reputed Manor or Manors, Lordship or Lordships, within the Jurisdiction or Limits where< f any Pan of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclostd, or exchanged and partitioned, is or are situate, lying, or being, or of, in, or to any Seigniories or Royalties incident or belonging to such Manor or Manors, I.ordship or Lordships, or reputed Manor or Manors, Lordfiiip or Lordships respectively, but that all and every such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, shall and may at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Perquisites, and Profits of Coutts, and and all other Royalties and Privileges to such Manor or Manors, Lordship or Lordships, incident, appendant, belonging or appertaining, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes, as he, she, or they might respectively have held or enjoyed the fame before the passing of this Act, or in case the fame had never been made.

XXXIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Adtniniilrators, all such Estate, Right, Title, amt Interest (other than and except such as are meant and intended to be barred and elestroyed by this Act) as they, every or any of them, had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out of or in respect of the Lards, Grounds, and Premises so dtrested to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or which shall be exchanged or partitioned as aforesaid, before the pilling of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed, in case the fame had never been made.

XXXIV.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed a Publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such without specially pleading the same.

723

[Publick Act.]

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent MajeJlv. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 47.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Maidf-morton, and the Hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend-End, in the Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks.

[21st May 1801.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor and Parish of Maidfmor- preamble. ton, and the Hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend-End, in the Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds: And whereas the most Honourable George Grenville Nugent Temple Marquis of Buckingham, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, is Lord of the Honor of Gloucester in Maidsmorton, and claims to be Lord of the Manor there, and is also Lord of the Manor of the Parish oi Buckingham,-&nA(e\[ed or possessect of the Impropriate or Re&orial Tythes arising from the greater Part of the Lands lying within the said Hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend-End, in the said Parish of Buckingham; and John Bartlett and others are seised or possessed of the Residue of such Tythes: And whereas the Dean and Chapter of Christ Church, in the University tof Oxford, and Samuel Churchill hfquire, their LelTce, are seised of a Manor within the said Fa-f Loc. ist Per8 X rish

726

Commissioner«.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

rifli of Mniifiiorton, called the Manor of Maidsmorton, and are Owners or Proprietors of certain Parts of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Wide Grounds, within the said Parish of Maid/, morion, which are granted by Copy of Court Roll to divers Persons for Lives, according to the Custom of the said ManoT: And whereas the "Warden and College of The Souls of all Faithful People deuafed, in the University of Oxford, are Lords of the Manor of Greenbams, within the said Parish of Maidsmorton, and also Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands within the said Parish, which are now held by Edward Oakley Gray Esquire, by virtue of a Lease for the Term of Twenty Years: And whereas James Long Hutton Clerk, is Rector of the Parish Church of Maidsmorton aforesaid, and Francis Turner Richard Long Esquire, a Lunatick, (Brother of the said James Long Hatton) is, together and with him the said James Long Hutton (who is also the Committee of the Person and Estate of the said Lunatick) seised of, and entitled, to, the Perpetual Advowson, Right of Patronage, and Presentation of, in, and to the Church of Maidsmorton aforesaid; and the said James Long Hutton, as Rector as aforesaid, is entitled to certain Glebe Lands lying within the said Open Fields of Maidsmorton, with Common Right thereto belonging, and to all the Great and Small Tythes arising within the said Parish: And whereas Elizabeth Coke Widow, is Lady of the Manor of the Prebend of Buckingham with Gawcott, in the Parish of Buckingham aforesaid, and also entitled to the Advowson of the Vicarage of the Parish Church of Buckingham: And whereas Phillip Bigg Roberts Clerk, is Vicar of the said I’a-rish of Buckingham, and as such entitled to certain Glebe Lands lying within the said Open Fields, of the said Hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend-End, with Common Right thereto belonging, and to the Vicarial or Small Tythes arising within the said Hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend End, in the said Parish of Buckingham, or to l’ome Modules, Payments, or Compoli-tions in lieu thereof respectively: And whereas the said George Marquis of Buckingham, James Long Hutton, William Britain, William George, George Butcher, John Bartlett, Richard Regers, Benjamin Kirby, and several other Persons, are seised and possessed of, or otherwise interested in, the Residue of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Waste Grounds: And whereas the said Open and Common Fields within the said Two Parishes, are contiguous and intermixed with each other, and the Properties of the several Owners and Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it will be very advantageous and beneficial to the Parties interested therein, if the fame were exonerated from the Payment of Tythes, and divided and inclosed, and spe-cifick Parts and Shares thereof allotted and awarded unto and amongst the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: But inasmuch as such Division and Inclosure cannot be effectually made and established without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiiitualand Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That George Maxwell, of Fletton-Lodge, in the County of Huntingdon, John !-lowes of Fofcote, in the County of Bucks, and John Davis, of Bltxham, in the County of Oxford, Gentlemen, and their Successors (to be elect:J in Manner

41° GEORGII lli. Cap. 47. 727

Manner herein-after directed) shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Me dows, Partures, and Waste Grounds, and for putting this Act in Execution, in the Manner and subject to the Provilbes,

Rules, Orders, and Directions herein-after mentioned and contained; and thatallAft;, Matters, and Things hereby directe I or authorized to be done by the said Commissioners, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the same shall be as valid and effectual as if done and executed by all the said Commissioners.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall empower the said Division Commissioners to make, and that no actual Division or Allotment of the jj^f Har-Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or any of vett isoi. them, shall be had or made until after the First Day of Stftember, which will

be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and two, and until the Crops then growing shall have been actually fevered therefrom.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said George Maxvtell New fom-shall die, neglect, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as a X'appoimwd Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, the said James Long Hutton, on Vacancies, or his Successiors, Rectors of Ma'vfmorion aforesaid, may and shall, by

Writing under his Hand, within Thirty Days after such Death, Neglect,

Refusal, or Incapacity as aforesaid, nominate foine other fit and proper Person (not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in tire Place.and Stead of the said George Maxwell', and in case the said John Fellowes and John Davis, or either of them, shall die, neglect or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as Commissioners by virtue of this A:t, the major Pair in Value (to be ascertained by the Land Tax Afteflinenti of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed (except the Rector of Maidfmotion aforesaid), shall and may, by Writing under their Hands, within the Time aforesaid, nominate and appoint a proper Person or Persons (not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Place and Stead of the said John Fellowes and John Davis respectively; and so in like Manner as often as any future Commissioner shall die, neglect, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid; and in case the said respective Parties, or any of them, shall make Default in appointing any fjch new Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid, then the remaining Cominii-fioner or Commissioners shall, ard they and he are and is hereby required irom Time to Time, by Writing under their of his Hands or Hand, within Ten Days after the Expiration of the Time allowed to the respective Panies for naming such new Commissioner or Commissioners by them respectively as aforesaid, to appoint One other Commissioner (not interested in the said Inclosure) in the Place of each Commissioner so dying, refusing to act, or becoming incapacitated; and every such new Commissioner dull have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act into Execution, in all Respects whatsoever, as the Commissioner in whefe Place lie shall have been appointed was inverted with. IV.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of CommiiHtm. afling as a Commissioner in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby

giv a (except the Power of signing and giving Notice of the First Meet-

7 28

Oath.

Commi (lionet s to give Notice of Meetings.

Only One C.ommiUion-rr attending, Meeting to be adjourned.

Survey and Plan t j be made j

+ i° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

ing of the said Commissioners, and of administering the Oath herein-after directed) until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following:

J Do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according ‘ 1 to the belt of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform the several

Trulls, Powers, and Authorities veiled and reposed in me as a Commis-

fioner, by virtue of an Act for dividing and inciting the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Maidsmorton, and the Hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend-End, ‘ in the Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, according to Equity

and good Conscience, and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or

Partiality to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath it shall be lawful for any One of the said Commissioners to administer, and he is hereby required to administer the same to any other of them; and that the said Oath so to be taken and subscribed by each Commissioner, and also the Appointment of every new Commissioner, (if any such there shall be) with the like Oath to be taken and subscribed by him, shall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the Commissioners herein-after directed to be made, and a Copy of the Inrolment thereof shall be admitted as legal Evidence, in like Manner as a Copy of the Inrolment of the said Award is herein-after directed to be admitted.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to cause publick Notice in Writing to be affixed on the principal Doors of the Parish Churches of Maidsmorton and Buckingham aforesaid, of the Time and Place of the First and every subsequent Meeting of the said Commissioners for executing the Powers hereby vested in them 'fen Days at the least before any such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted): Provided always, that if at any Meeting appointed to be hclden as aforesaid, it shall happen that One Commissioner only shall attend, such One Commissioner may adjourn such Meeting (to be held at any Time within the Parish of Buckingham aforesaid, not exceeding One Calendar Month from the Date of such Adjournment) giving Notice thereof to the absent Commissioners; and in calc no such Commissioner Avail attend, then that the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners shall, and he or they are hereby required to adjourn such Meeting, and give the like Notice thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That a true and perfect Survey, Ad-measurement, Plan, and Valuation of all the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, inclosed, and exonerated from Rights of Common, and also of all the Homelleads, Home Closes, and ancient inclosed Lands within the Parish of Maidsmorton, and Hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend-End aforesaid, shall be made and reduced into Wriiing by the said Commissioners, or by such other Person or Persons as they shall nominate or appoint, as soon as conveniently may be, for the Purposes of this Act, and the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches, in Statute Measure, contained in all the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, iu-closed, and exonerated, and also in all the Homelleads, Home Closes, and ancientinclosed Lands aforesaid, and every Proprietor’s distinct Property in the fame respectively atthe Time of making such Surveyand Admeasurement, shall be therein set forth and specified; and that the said Survey, Admeasurement,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 47. 729

furement, and Plan shall be kept by the said Commissioners for the Pur- a ve.iiied poses of this Act, and shall be verified by the Oath or Oaths of the Per- on 0atl1' ion or Persons who shall make the fame (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One of them, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer;) and the said Proprietors, and their respective Agents, and all Persons interested therein, shall, at all seasonable Times, have Liberty tope-ruse and inspect the fame, and to take Copies thereof and Extracts therefrom respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That for surveying, admeasuring. and Commission. valuing the said Lands and Grounds, and for other the Purposes of this yt‘ya"?0Sur* Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and the Person or Per- have Power Ions to be appointed by them to make such Survey, Admeasurement,

Plan, and Valuation, with their Assistants and Servants respectively, at all seasonable Times (until the said Division and other the Purposes of this Act shall be completed) to enter into and upon all and every of the said Lands and Grounds herein-before directed to be surveyed, and to do or cause to be done any Act or Thing necessary for putting this Act into Execution.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Course of this Act, and until the said Commissioners shall have finished and com- be'jureaeS'0 pleted the said intended Division and Allotments, all the Tillage and hytheCom-other Lands lying in the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, mlli, ontrs-Failures, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed,

shall be (locked with such Cattle, and cropped or sown by the Owners or Occupiers thereof with such Corn, Grain, Grass Seeds, or other Seeds, and in such Proportions and Manner, and shall be kept, ordered, and continued in such Course of Husbandry, as they the said Commissioners shall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands in that Behalf, from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons having or claiming to have any Shares, Tythes, Common Right, or any ‘' other Right or Interest in, upon, or over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, shall, and they are hereby required, by thera-selves or their Agents, to deliver an Account of such their respective Claims (and the Property in respect whereof they make such Claims) in Writing

to the said Commissioners at such Meeting or Meetings as shall he held by them for that Purpose, pursuant to such Notice as is hereby directed to be given of Meetings, and that no such Claim shall be received by the said* Commissioners after the lad Meeting to be held for that Purpose, in consequence of such Notice as aforesaid, and which shall befo expressed therein, (except for some especial Cause to be allowed by the said Commissioners.); and after the said Claims shall be so received, the said Commissioners shall give Notice, in the Manner herein-before mentioned, of the Day or Days by them appointed for hearing and determining the fame, when ard where all Parties concerned may appear before them, and shew Cause lor or against the Allowance or Disallowance of the said Claims; and in Commtfron-case any Doubts or Difficulties shall arile respecting such Claims, or if lrs '"ru l-,

x'v*1 rvv ini °ti 7 _ , mine Lu»m> 5

any Disputes or Differences shall happen between any rroprietors or El-

tates touching their respective Rights or Claims, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized (if they shall think proper) by Ex-

[Lct. Esf Per.~\ 8 Y amina ion

73°

such Dercr-minmion not to prevent Perons irom tryi »g their Rights at Law.

Roads to be set out.

GatPs not to be eretfed act i is the publick Road.

Surveyor to be appointed.

Roads to be tertinui.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

amination of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Conunissioners, or any One of them, are and is hereby empowered to administer) and by such other Evidence as they shall think proper, to hear and determine the fame, and their Determination therein shall be final, binding, and, conclusive upon all Parties, for the Purpose of making an Award as hereinafter mentioned; but no such Determination or Award shall hinder or prevent any of the Parties from trying their Rights at Law in respect of any Matter of Title, nor shall any Trial to be had thereupon in anywil'e obstruct or hinder the Execution of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they ate hereby authorized and required, in the first Place, to set out and appoint such publick and private Roads and Ways through and over the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as they shall judge necessary, the publick Carriage and Drift Roads to be and remain of the Breadth of Forty Feet, at the leaf!, between the Ditches or Fences; and that the publick Bridle Roads and private Roads or Ways shall be of such Breadth as the said Commissioners shall order and direct; and all such publick Carriage Roads shall be well and sufficiently fenced out on both Sides by such of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds, and within such Time as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award direct or appoint; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to let up or ered any Gate across any such Publick Carriage Roads, or to plant any Trees in or near the Hedges on the Sides thereof at a less Distance from each other than Fifty Yards; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint some proper Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads; and such Surveyor shall cause the same to be formed and put into good State and Condition, and shall be allowed such Salary or Reward forhisTroublethereinas the said Commissioners shall order and direct; which Salary or Reward, and also the Expences of forming the said Roads, and putting the fame into good State and Condition (over and above the Statute Duty) shall be raised in like Manner as the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, are herein-after directed to be raised, so as that none of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Maidsmorton, or Hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend-End aforesaid, other than the Owners and Proprietors of, and Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, to whom Allotments are here-in-after directed to be made, shall be in anywise charged or chargeable (over and above the Statute Duty) towards the forming and completing of the said Roads; and when and so soon the said Roads shall have been made fit for the passing of Travellers and Carriages, and shall have been certified so to be by the said Surveyor, in Manner herein-after directed, the said Roads, and every of them, shall thenceforth foV ever be supported and kept in Repair by such Persons, and in such Manner as the other publick Roads within the said Parish and Hamlets are by Law to be amended and kept in Repair; and the Certificate so as aforesaid to be made and given by the said Surveyor, shall be made within the Space of Two Years from the Date of the Award of the said Commissioners herein-after mentioned, and shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Buckingham, at the First General Quarter Sefhons of the Peace to

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 47. 73t

be holden in and for the said County next after the said Roads and Highways shall have been formed and put into good State and Condition; and such Certificate shall be allowed and confirmed by the Justices in the said Sessions assembled, and be there filed of Record, unless sufficient Reason shall be given, to the Satisfaction of the Justices assembled at the Quarter Sessions which shall be held for the said County of Buckingham, itn mediately before the Expiration of such Two Years, that a further Time will be necessary for that Purpose, in which Cafe such Justices may, and they are hereby required to allow such further Time for the delivering in of the said Certificate as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Year; and in case the said Surveyor shall neglect or refuse to deliver in the Certificate hereby required from him within the Space herein-before for that Purpose limited, he shall forfeit and pay any Sutn not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered in Manner herein-after directed, and the same shall be applied towards the Repair of the said Roads, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That as soon.as Noticeto conveniently may be after the said Commissioners shall have set out and appointed such publick Roads and Highways as aforesaid, they shall carle ut out. Notice thereof to be given by Advertisement in some Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Buckingham; and that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whotnsoever, who shall be dissatistied with the Setting out, Appointment, or Disposition of any of such publick Roads or Highways as aforesaid (on giving Notice in Writing to any One of the said Commissioners of his, her, or their Intention, within Fourteen Days after the Publication of such Advertisement, and within Four Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Juf ice of the Peace for the said County of Buckingham, with Two sufficient Sureties, in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Twenty Pounds, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Colls as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions) to appeal against all or any of such publick Roads or Highways to some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be hedd in and for the said County of Buckingham, within Four Calendar Months next after the Setting-out, Appointment, and Disposition of the said Roads, and Notice thereof given as aforesaid, and he, she, or they shall be heard by himself, herself, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Counsel, Agents, Attornies, and Witnesses, and that the said Commissioners, or One of them, or their Surveyor or Clerk, shall attend at such Sessions; and the Justices before whom such Appeal shall be made, upondueProof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall on hearing the Evidence finally determine whether the said Roads or Highways so appealed against shall be made, or whether any other Roads or Highways dull be set out, and shall make and give such Orders and Directions touching the Matter before them, and award such Colls as to them shall seem necessary and expedient in that Behalf; and such Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Weftnunsler or elsewhere; but in case no such Notice shall be given to One of the Commissioners as aforesaid, or such Recognizance shall not be entered into, or such Appeal shall not be proceeded in as aforesaid, then such Setting-out, Appointment, and Disposition of the said Roads and Highways, by the said Commissioners as aforesaid

732

Herbige of Roads so belong to the Own*rs of adjoining Lands.

Power to Commissioners to enlarge Water-couifes,

Allotment to the Poor ot Maidfmcrton, in lieu of Furze, &e»

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

said, shall be final and conclusive to all and every Person and Person* whomsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That after such publick and private Roads and Ways shall have been let out and made, the Grass and Herbage arising thereon, shall for ever belong to, and be the foie Right of, such Proprietor of the Lands and Grounds which shall next adjoin the said Roads and Ways on either Side thereof as far as the Centre of the Road; and it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to use any other Road* or Ways (either publick or private) over, through, or upon any of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, either on Foot, or with Horses, Carts, or Carriages, but that all Roads and Ways over, through, and upon any such Lands and Grounds which shall not be set out and appointed as aforesaid shall, and the same are hereby declared to be for ever flopped and extinguished, and shall be deemed and taken as Part of the Land - and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and be divided, allotted, and inclosed accordingly.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may enlarge, widen, scour, and cleanse all such ancient Reservoirs of Water, Brooks, Drains, Ditches, Watercourses, Tunnels, and Bridges, in the said Parish of Maidsmorton and Hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend-End, and set out such new Ditches, Drains, Watercourse', Tunnels, Watergate*, Banks, and Bridges, as well in, through, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as also in, over, and through any ancient Inclosures in the said Parish and Hamlets (making such Satisfaction to the Proprietors of such ancient Inclosures for the Damage done thereby, as they in their Discretion shall think reasonable) of such Breadth and Depth, and in such Direct’-ons as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby directed, in and by their Lid Award, to order by whom, and at whose Expence, and at what Time, and in what Manner, the said Reservoirs, Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, 1 unnels, Watergates, Banks, and Bridges shall be made, and hereafter repaired, cleansed, scoured, and maintained.

XIV. And whereas the Poor of the said Parish of Maidsmortonhzve been accustomed to cut and take away Furze, Bushes, and Thorns growing in and upon certain Part or Parts of the Common Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed; be it therefore enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to set out and allot, 5n lieu of such Custom, unto and to the Use of the Minister, Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Maidsmorton, the Bailiff of Buckingham, and the Senior Magistrate acting for the said Borough for the Time toeing, and their respective Successors, upon the Trust herein-after mentioned, such distinct and separate Plot or Plots of Ground by this Act intended to be divided and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be deemed to be of the Yearly Value of Thirty-four Pounds, as a Compensation for such Custom as the Poor of the said Parish have hitherto enjoyed; and the said Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, Bailiff and Magistrate, and their Successors, shall, stand seised of the said Plot or Plots of Ground so to be allotted to them, upon Trust, to let and set the fame. Annually ot otherwise, as they shall see fit, and the Rents, Issues, and Profits arittng

1 therefrom,

733

ai° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

therefrom, the said Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor,

Bailiff and Magistrate, and their Successors, shall, and they are hereby required to lay out in the.Purchase of Fuel, and oiljpose of and distribute the fame Yearly, to such of the aged and neceilitous, industrious and honed Poor in the said Parish, who shall not be wholly provided for at the Charge of the same Parish, in such Shares and Proportions, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner, as the said Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, Bailiff and Magistrate, or their Successors, shall think proper.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and ^p*"*0 they are hereby required to set out and allot, unto and to the Use of the Ga'w.otr and Minister of the Parish Church of Bucking!am, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Hamlets of Gawcolt and Prebend-End afore- fuizei j said, for the Time being, and their Successors, upon the Trust herein-af-

ter mentioned, such distinct and separate Plot or Plots of Ground by this Act intended to be divided and inclosed (lying within the said Hamlets) as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be an Equivalent and Compensation for the Custom of the Poor of the said Hamlets, of taking and cutting of Furze, Bushes, and Turves from and off the Cow Pasture and Common Ground lying and being within the same Hamlets, not exceeding the Value of Twelve Pounds by the Year j and the said Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poorj and their Successors, shall hand seised of the said Plot or Plots of Ground so to be allotted to them, upon Trust to let or set the fame annually or otherwise as they shall see fit, and the Rents, Issues, and Profits arising therefrom, the said Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and their Successors, shall and they are hereby required to lay out in the Purchase of Fuel, and dispose of and distribute the fame Yearly to such of the aged, neceilitous,

Industrious, and honest Poor within the said Ilamlets, who shall not be wholly provided for at the Charge of the said Parish of Buckingham, in such Shares and Proportions, and in such Manner as the said Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, or their Successors, shall think proper.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall set Allotment out and appoint One or more Piece or Pieces of Ground in the said Parish

of Maidsmorton, not exceeding Two Acres, and also One or more Piece pit*, or Pieces of Ground in the said Hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend-End, or One of them, not exceeding Two Acres, in such convenient Places as they shall think proper, for publick Pits, to procure Stones, Gravel, and other Materials for making or repairing the Roads and Ways already made, or to be set out by virtue of this Act; and the Herbage from Time to Time growing on the said Pieces of Ground shall belong to such Person or lJerfbns, and for such Purposes as the said Commissioners by their Award shall direct and appoint.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That after the several Roads and Ways, Allotment and the Plots or Allotments for Stone and Gravel Pits, and to the said of Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of Maidsmorton, for Glebe, in Trust as aforesaid, shall have been so set out and appointed as herein-be-

fore directed, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and award unto and for the said James Long \Loc. fc? Per.^ 8 Z Hutton

734-

Allotment to the Hector of Maifdmarton for fythes.

Allotment to the Vicar of Pu Hngham for Glebe.

Allotments to the Impropriators and Vt-carofBu kirg-

bam for Tythes of the Hamlets ot Qaucott and Prther.J- End.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Hutton and his Successors, Rectors of the said Parish of Maidsmorton, such Plot or Plots of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, situate in the Parish of Maidsmorton aforesaid, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent and Compensation (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) for the Glebe Lands and Right of Common belonging to the said Rectory.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to set out and allot unto and for the said James Long Hutton and his Successors, Rectors of the said Parish of Maidsmorton, for and in lieu of the Great and Small Tythes Yearly issuing, arising, or renewing out of such Parts of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pallures hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, fituare and lying in the said Parish of Maidsmorton, as are subject and liable thereto, and for and in lieu of the Tythes of all such Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient inclosed Lands held in Severalty within the said Parish of Maidsmorton, as are subject and liable thereto, such Plots or Allotments of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and Waste Lands, of and within the said Parish of Maidsmorton, as (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) fiull in the Judgement of the said Commissioners contain or be equal in Value to One Fifth Part of all the Arable Lands, and One Ninth Part of the Residue of the Lands withif) the said Parish of Maidsmorton (after deducing the Land or Ground set out for Roads, and the several other Allotments herein-before directed to be fee out within the said Parish of Maidsmorton ).

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to set out and all >t unto and for the said Phillip Bigg Roberts and his Successors, Vicars of Buckingham aforesaid, such Plot or Plots of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and Waste Lands situate and lying in the said Hamlets of Caweott and Prebend-End, or one of them, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent and Satisfaction for his Glebe Lands and Right of Common within the said Hamlets respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to set out and allot unto and for the said George Marquis of Buckingham, and the several other Persons who are seised of or entitled to the Impropriate or Great Tythes, and also to and for the said Phillip Bigg Roberts, in lieu of the Vicarial or Small Tythes Yearly issuing, arising, and renewing out of such Parts of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed,- situate and lying in the said Hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend-End, as are subject and liable thereto, and for and in lieu of the Tythes of all such Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient inclosed Lands held in Severalty within the said Hanrlcts, as are subject and liable thereto, such Plots or Allotments of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and Waste Lands, situate and lying in the said Hamlets of Gawcolt and Prelend-End, or one of them, as (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) shall'contain or be equal in Value to One Fifth Part of all the Arable Lands, and One Ninth of all the Meadow, Palturc or Grecnfward Grounds within the said Hamlets

‘ (after

735

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

(after deducting the Land or Ground set out for Roads, and other the Allotments herein-before directed to be set out within the Hamlets of Gawcolt and Prebend-End aforesaid) which laid Plots or Allotments shall be divided, apportioned, and allotted between and to the said Impropriators and the said Vicar, in such Shares respectively as they the said Commissioners shall judge to be equal to their respective Imereft* therein.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Owners or Proprietors of any ancient Inclosures within the Hamlets of Gaivcott and Prebend-End aforesaid, or either of them, shall not be entitled to Lands or Common Right in the said Lands and Grounds respectively by this Act directed to be divided and inclosed, sufficient to make Compensation for the Impropriate Tythes thereof, and shall be delirous of exonerating the fame therefrom, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to charge such ancient Inclosures with the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in value to such Tythes, such Sum or Sums of Money to be rendered and paid to the said Gco-ge Marquis of Buckingham, his Heirs or Assigns, at such Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall in and by any Writing under their Hands order and direct; and that when and as such Payments shall be so made, the said ancient Inclosures shall for ever thereafter be held and enjoyed by the respective Owners, freed and discharged of and from the Impropriate Tythes thereof respectively.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the said Commissioners shall have set out the Allotments herein-before directed to be made to the said Proprietors of Tythes, in lieu of and as a Compensation for their respective Rights of Tythes aforesaid, and shall have given Notice thereof in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on the respective Doors of the Parish Churches of Maid/merton and Buckingham aforesaid, all Tythes both Great and Small, arising, growing, renewing, increasing, happening, or payable in, out of, from, or upon the said Parish of Maid/mcrton and the said Hamlets cf Gawcott and Prebend-End respectively, and all Modules, Compositions, or other Payments in lieu of Tythes, and all other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments whatsoever (save ouly as to such Vicarial Tythes as may arise from Lands and Heredita-mentslying within the said Hamlets of Gawco/t and Prebend-End as shall not be compensated for under the Directions of this Act, and also save and except Easter Offerings, Mortuaries and SurplicoFees) shall cease and bft for ever extinguished: Provided always, That until the said Division and Allotment shall be made and set out in pursuance of this Act, in lieu of Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues, the said James Long Huttcn and his Successors, Redors of Maidfm rton aforesaid, the said George Marquis of Buckingham, and the several other Persons who are I'eifed of or entitled unto the Impropriate or Great Tythes arising within the said Hamlets of Gawcolt and Prebend- End, and also the said Philip Bigg Roi’erls and his Successors, Vicars of Buckingham aforesaid, shall be entitled to, and shall receive and enjoy such and the fame Tythes and other Dues, as they could, might, or ought to have done in case this Act had not been made.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required in the next Place to set out, allot, and award unto and for the said George Marquis of Buckingham, as Lord of the

Honour

C'oinpen ration for Tyihe* by P- dons not luving )j*n

Field Land*.

After Allotments made and Notice given. Tythe* 10 cease.

Tythes to

continue pavaNe till Allotments lcttled.

A lo^ments to t le Lords of r e Honour of GLu.tjler

736

*nd other Manors in Maidf-tjicrion lor Waste.

Allotment to the LaJy of the Manor of the Prebend

of Buckingham with Gawcott, for YVaile.

Allotment of the ResidUe of Open Fields.

Open Field Lands in the Parish of Buckingham to be discharged of Right of Common to Mauijmorton.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Honour of Gloucester, and the Manor there, to the said Dean and Chapter of Chri/l Church, Lords of the Manor of Maidsmorton aforesaid, and theif said Lessee, and to the said Warden and College of the ScuLt of all Faithful People deceased, in Oxford, as Lords of the said Manor of Green-hams within the said Parish of hlaidfmorton, and the said Edward Oakley Gray, as their Lessee respectively, in lieu of their Right to the Soil of the Waste Lands within the said Parish of Maidsmorton (if any such there be) such Parts and Parcels of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, lying in the same Parish, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a full Compensation for such their Right to the Soil of the said Waste Lands.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required in the next Place to set out, allot, and award unto and for the said Elizabeth Coke, or the Lady or Lord of the Manor of the Prebend of Buckingham with Gawcott for the Time being, in lieu of her or his Right to the Soil of the Common called Gawcott Common, and the Waste Lands lying within the said Hamlets, and the Right of the said Lady or Lord to dig for and dispose of Stones there, such Part and so much of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, (lying within the said Hamlets) as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One Eighteenth Part of the said Common and Waste L'and^; and that the Allotment or Allotments to be so set out shall contain and include the Quarry Pits of Stone now existing and being in and upon the said Common.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That after the several Divisions and Allotments herein-before directed to be made shall have been allotted and set out in the Manner herein-before directed, the said Commissioners shall set out and allot all the Residue and Remainder of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, unto and amongst the several Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, and in such Manner, as by the said Commissioners shall be adjudged and determined to be a just and full Compensation and Satisfaction for, and equal to their several and respective Rights and interests therein.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to ascertain the Value of the Right of Common of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Common Right in Maidsmorton aforesaid, in, over, and upon certain Parcels of Land within the said Parish of Buckingham, in order that the fame may be exonerated from such Right of Common in Manner herein-after mentioned, and that such Person or Persons who shall be entitled to or possessed of any of the said Parcels of Land, shall pay or cause to be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, as the said Commissioners fiia.ll director appoint, such Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners shall think equivalent to, and a full Satisfaction and Compensation for such Right of Common as aforesaid; which Sum and Sums of Money shall be applied towards Payment of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the lame into Execution, and shall and may be levied and recovered in like Manner as such Charges and txpenc s

can

737

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

can or may be levied or recovered; and from and immediately after the Execution of the said Award, or such other Time as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under t heir Hands, to be affixed on the principal Doors of the ParishChurches of Maidfmerton and Buckingham aforesaid, for that Purpose, limit or appoint, all such Right of Common of the said Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Common Right in Maidsmorton, in, over, and upon the said Parcels of Land in the Parish of Buckingham as aforesaid, shall cease, determine, and be utterly extinguished; any Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXVII. And whereas there are within the said Parish of Maidsmorton, Power to and Hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend-End, several Parcels of ancient In-clcure lying detached from any Homestead, the Owners whereof may be t.nt of Pro-desirous to have the fame surveyed, measured, and taken up to be allotted f*.

and divided as the Common Field Land hereby directed to be divided and dofum*. inclosed; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the Corfent in Wtiting of the respectlive Owners of such detached ancient Inclosures, to divide and allot the fame, or so many and such Parts thereof as the Owners shall respectively consent to, as Parts and Parcels of the Common Field Lands hereby directed to be divided and in-ciofed, and thereupon such Allowances in Land shall be made to the respective Owners thereof, on Account of the beneficial Difference of Property between ancient inclosed Land and Common Field Land, as the said commissioners shall adjudge to be just and reasonable; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to set out and allot unto and for the respective Owners of such ancient inclosures in lieu thereof, so much and such Parcels of Land, Part of the said Open and Common Yields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable (Quality as well as Quantity and Situation consideredjfubjcft to the Rules,

Orders, and Directions in this Act contained.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, in Commirnon-making the several Allotments herein-before directed, shall have due Re- *’ Allot-*' gard as well to the Situation of the respective Houses, Homesteads, or old m.nntoat-Inclosures of the said Proprietors as to the Quantity and Quality of ^4'°^.,ne* the said Lands and Grounds to be allotted to them respectively, so far as may be confident with the general Convenience of the said Proprietors v and that the said Commissioners, in making the said Allotments, shall have particular Regard to the Convenience of the Owners or Proprietors of the fm.-liest Estates in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be allotted and exchanged.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Shares of and in A!!o>m*nts to the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste be in Bar Grounds which shall, upon such Division as herein-before directed, be assessed, set out, allotted, and appointed unto and for the several Persons who by virtue of this Act shall be entitled to the fame, shall, when so allotted, be and be taken to be in full Bar of, and Satisfaction and Compensation for their several and respective Lands, Grounds, Rights of Common, and all other Rights and Property whatsoever, which they respectively had or were entitled to in and over the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, immediately before the passing of this Act; and that from and immediately after the making the [Lx. (d Per.j 9 A said

Pow.r to exchange.

V'i'i*, He

not to be af. fe.ud.

P(tales to remain t > fame Hies,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

said Division and Allotments, and the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners as herein-after directed, or at fitch other Time as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands (to be affixed on the principal Doors of the said Parish Churches of Muidfmorton and Buckingham aforesaid) direct or appoint, all Lamtnas Rights and Right of Common whatsoever, belonging to or claimed by any Person or Persons whomsoever, Bodies Politick or Corporate, in, over, or upon the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, Stall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

XXX. And, for the more convenient Situation of all the several Farms, Lands, and Kltates within the Parish of Maidfmortcm and Hamlets of Gained t and Prffo7i</-£«(/aforesaid, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners dial), and they are hereby authorized to set out, allot, and award any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, new Allotments, or old inclosures within the said Parish and Hamlet-, in lieu of or in Exchange for any other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements. Hereditatnents, new Allotments, or old inclosures within the said Parishes or Hamlets, or within any adjoining Parish or Place; so that all such Exchanges be made witlitheConfentof the respective Owners, Proprietors, or oiher Personsfeiled of the Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises which shall respectively be so exchanged as aforesaid, or of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies acting for or on Behalf of such Owners, Pr prietofs, or other Perlorts respectively, who are under Coverture, Minors, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, Or under any other Disability or Incapacity of adii.g for themselves (such Consent to be testified in Writing under their respective Hands); ard so that all such Exchanges be ascercained, specified, and let forth in the said Award of the said Commissionerfc; and so that all such Exchanges of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to, or held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or Ecclesiastical Benefice, shall also be made with the like Consent in Writing of the Bishop of the Diocele, and of the Patron of any such Church, Chapel, or Eecle-fialiical Benefice for the Time being; and all such Exchanges so made as aforesaid, shall be for ever good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXI. Provided further, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will, Settlement, or other Deed, or to prejudice any Person having or claiming any Jointure* Dower, Portion, Debt, Estate, or Iticufhbrance out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands, Tenemehrs, of Hereditaments which shall be so divided and allotted or exchanged in parfuaffee of tins Afl; but that the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so divided and allotted, or exchanged, shall immediately after such Divi-iion, Allotment or Exchange, be, remain, and enure, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be so allotted or given ih exchange shall, from thenceforth, Hand seised thereof to such and the fame UfeS, and for such and the fame Estates, and under and subject to Tdfh and the fame Settlements, Limitations, Remainders, Charges, Tenures, Items, Sefvifces, and Incumbrances, and under fitch and the fame Restrictioni, Covenants, and Agreements (Leases at Rack Rent only excepted) as the several Lands, Tenements, Rents, or Hereditaments in lieu of in rdfpedt whereof such Division and Allotment, or Exchange, shall be tnad£ as aforesaid,

, would

739

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

would (other than and except such Rights, Payments, ;ind Interests as are hereby directed to be barred, discharged, and extinguished) have been subject to or charged with in case this Act had not been made.

XXXII. And be it further drafted, That all and every Lease and Leases at Rack Rent subsisting of all or any Part of the Lands and tob.void. Grounds to be divided and inclosed or exchanged by virtue of this Act, or of the Tythes thereof, or of any Part thereof, either alone, or jointly with any other Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments, and all Agreements for any Term or Time therein, as to the Whole of the Tenements comprized in such Lease or Leases, or Agreements, shall, on such Day as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands for that Purpose limit or appoint, cease, determine, and be utterly void, the respective Lessees or Tenants thereof receiving from the respective Landlords, Owners, or Proprietors of the fame Premises, such Satisfaction as the said Commissioners shall, by any Writing under their Hands, afcrrtain, order and di-rest as seasonable to be paid to such Lessees or Tenants on A< count thereof, and such Lessees or 'Tenants respectively, paying to the respriftive Landlords, Owners, and Proprietors of the fame Premises, such Rents or Sums of Money, up to the Time of vacating such Leases or Agreements, for the Use and Occupation therepf, as the Commissioners shall iA like Manner alcei'tain, order, and direct, as reasonable and proper in that Behalf.

) J!

XXXIII. And whereas it may happen that some of the Proprietors of Commith'-n-Messuag s, Co'tages, Tenements, or Lands in the Parish anJ Hamlets aforesaid, and Persons entitled to Allotment or Allotments to be made by i.euvesn virtue of this Act, may be feiled thereof, or entitled thereto in Joint Te-

nancy, or as Coparceners, or Tenants in Common, and cannot, by reason of Infancy, Settlement, Lunacy, or other Incapacity, make an effectual Division thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the lain Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and emp >wered (upon the Riqu.lt in Writing of such Joint Tenants or Co-JlhrCeiless, or Tenants in Common, or any or either of them, or of the Hulba ds, Guar dials, Trustees, or Committees of such a S' are urtdtlr ' overture, Minors, Lunaticks, or under any other Incapacity as aforei’aid) to rtiake Partition and Division of the said Messuages, Cottages, Tenements, Lands! and new Allotment or Allotments, to such of the said Ow Crs.or Proprietors who shall be entitled to the same as joint Tenants, Coparceners, or Tenants in Common, and to allot the same to such Owners and Proprietors in Severalty;, and from and immediately after the Ibid.Allotments shall be so made and declared, the same shall be holden and ‘fcnj iyed by the Person or Persons to whom the fahie shall be allotted, In Severalty, in such and the same Manner, and fubielft tri such and the fatrie Uses, as the undivided Parts or Shares of such filiates would have been held in case such Partition and Division had riot been made.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the feverdl Pieces of Ground which shall be set out for Stone and Gravel Pits, and the feyersil Allotments to be made and set out to and for the Minister arid Chiirchwanlerfs of the said i’arish ot Maidfmorlon, the said Rector of MaidfmarJon in lieu bt Glebe and Tythes, the said George Marquis oi Buckipgbafn for his Impropriate Tythes of and within the said Hamlets of Gavrin and Frtbtnd-

End,

Sfone md G avel Pits, Poor s Allot* nirnis, and Ke or’* and V.c*r *. &c. to bt* Ring* fenced.

74® 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

End, the said Vicar of Buckingham in lieu of his Small Tythes, and the said Elizabeth Coke, shall be inclosed round with Quickset Hedges and Ditches, and fubltamial Pods and Rails on each Side thereof, or other proper Mounds or Fences, with good and fubfhntial Gates and Stiles in the said Fences where necessary, and thr fame shall be supported and maintained for the Term of Seven Years next following, by and at the F.xpence of all or such of the Proprietors to whom the other Allotments of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Waste Grounds shall be set out or allotted, in such Manner, and in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands, or by their said Award, order and direct; and such Proportion of the Fences of the Allotments to be set out to the said Re£lor, Impropriator, and Vicar, as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, shall be af erwards maintained and kept in Repair by the said Rector, Impropriator, and Vi car and their Successors respectively; and the Fences of the Ground to be set out for Stone and Gravel Pits, shall for ever afterwards be supported and maintained by and at the Expence of such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their said Award, direct or appoint.

For fencing

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the several other Parcels of AJe|°meats. ^‘anc^ an^ Allotments which shall be set out and Hotted by virtue of this

1 0.1 en . shall sufficiently inclosed and fenced in such Manner and within such Time as the said Commissioners, by any such Writing or Writings under their Hands, or by their said Award, shall order, dirtd, and appoint; and such Fences shall be made, and at all Times for ever after the making thereof supported, maintained, and kept in Repair, by such Person and Persons as the said Commissioners shall, in Manner aforesaid, direct and appoint.

For fencing Alii tments when Pm pnetors ne-gh ct of re-ftife.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons to whom any such Allotment or Allotments shall be made, or any Hufbaud, Guardian, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, or Attorney of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, Charity or Charities, Person or Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting, or any Tenant in '1 ail or for Life, or 1'rustee or Trustees for any Settlement, or any Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or other Creditor in Possession, shall neglect or refuse to accept, inclose, and fence his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments within such Time or Tunes as the said Commissioners, by any Writing as aforesaid, or by their said Award, shall order or direct, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Allotment or Allotments to be inclosed and fenced, and to let the same to any Person or Persons they may think proper, and to receive the Rents and Profits thereof, until the Expence* attending the Inclosure and fencing thereof are paid and satisfied, or to charge such Expeoces upon the Proprietor or Proprietors of the fame Allotment or Allotments, and by any such Writing as aforesaid, or by their said Award, to appoint to whom and at what Time or Times the same shall be paid, subject to the fame Mode, and with the like Powers of Recovery thereof, as are herein-after provided respecting the other Expences of passing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution.

I*r°*»en«be And be it further enacted, That after the said Allotments shall

fore A*rd be set out by the said Commissioners, and before the Execution of their executed. Award,

741

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Award, it shall be lawful for the said Proprietors, or any of them, by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners (testified by any Writing under their Hands) to ditch and fence out their respective Allotments in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and in case any such Ditches or Fences shall be wilfully damaged or destroyed, the Persons committing the Fact shall be deemed TrespatTers, and shall be liable to answer Damages to the Owners thereof respectively, in like Manner as Damages are recovered or recoverable in Actions of Trespass by the Laws now in being, although the said Award be not executed at the Time of committing such Trespass.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Proprietors of Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act, their Agents or Workmen, at any seasonable Times within the Space of Seven Years next after the fencing of any Allotment or Allotments, to set up and continue Ports and Rails, or other dead Fences, and to make Trenches on the Outside of the Ditches bounding their respective Allotments, not exceeding Three Feel from such Ditches (which said Boundary Ditches shall be Four Feet wide upon the Level) for the Preservation of their Quickset Hedges, and at any seasonable Times before the Expiration of the said Term (after levelling the said Three Feet of Ground) to take and carry away the Materials thereof; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, for the Space of Seven Years to keep or departure any Sheep or Lambs in or upon any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, unless the Person or Persons keeping such Sheep or Lambs shall, at his, her, or their own Expence, effectually and sufficl-ently fence off or guard, and duly keep fenced off the Quickset Hedges or other live Fences of the Proprietor or Proprietors whose Allotment or Allotments may adjoin to the Inclosures where such Sheep or Lambs shall be so kept, so as to prevent any Damage being done to such Quickset Hedges.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be courtrued to extend, to compel or oblige any of the said Proprietors whose Allotments or Shares shall, upon the said intended Inclosure, lie and be situate next and adjoining to any ancient inclosed Grounds, the Boundary of which is already fenced by any Mound, Fence, Brook, or Rivulet, to make or erect any Hedges, Ditches, or Fences next adjoining to any such ancient inclosed Grounds, for inclosing such their Allotments or Shares, but that the old Mound, Fence, Brook, or Rivulet, or other sufficient Fences which divide such ancient inclosed Grounds from such Allotment, shall for ever be and remain a Boundary Fence for the Purpose of such Division, and shall from Time to Time be maintained, kept cleaned, scoured, and repaired by the respective Proprietors thereof, in the same Manner as before the passing of this Act, or in such other Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct; any Thing herein contained to the contrary not>vich-

XL. Provided nevertheless, That in case it shall happen that some of the Proprietors shall have a greater Proportion of Fences to make apd [Loc. Per.J 9 B maintain

order an (landing.

Power

erect and con» tioue Fences for preserving QuickfcU, </<

Sheep or Lambs not to b" kept for Seven Years, unief prevented from damaging

the Femes.

Proprietors not to lence

agaii.ft *lii Inclosures.

For regulating the Proportion of Fencing.

742

For preventing the deploying the Fences, etc.

Power for the Hector of Maidsmorton and Vicar of Buckingham to grant L cases.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

maintain upon any of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, than in the Judgement of the said Commissioners the Allotments of such Proprietors ought to be charged with, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, where they shall judge it proper, to afeettain and appoint such Sum of Money to be paid to every such Proprietor, towards making and maintaining the said Fences, by such other of the said Proprietors who may have a less Proportion of Fencing according to the Value and Quantity of the Lands to be allotted to them, and to grant such other Relief in respect thereof, out of the Money to be raised in Manner herein-after mentioned for defraying the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, as they shall think reasonable, in order that the said Boundary Fences may be brought as near as may be to a just and equal Proportion, to be settled by the said Commissioners.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall wilfully or unlawfully break down, destroy, carry away, or damage any Fence, Stile, Poll, Rail, Gate, Bridge, or Tunnel, which may be put up or placed under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Buckingham, on Confession, or on Proof of the Offence by Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized to administerl shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and every Person shall be allowed to give Evidence, of such Offence notwithstanding he may be a Proprietor or Occupier of Lands within, or an Inhabitant of, the said Parish of Maidsmorton, or Hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend-End respectively, and notwithstanding he may be the Owner of any such Fence, Stile, Post, Rail, Gate, Bridge, or Tunnel, and in case any such Offender or Offenders shall not immediately pay such Penalty or Penalties, or find Security, to the Satisfadioh of such Justice, for the Payment thereof, at such future Day as he shall think proper, it shall be lawful for such Justice to cause the lame to be forthwith levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the Costs and Charges of the Distress and Sale, which Penalty or Penalties shall go and be paid to the Informer or Informers; and for Want of such Distress, such Justice shall and may commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months nor less than Fourteen Days; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Rector of Maidsmorton and Vicar of Buckingham aforesaid respectively, for the Time being by Indenture or Indentures under their respective Hands and Seals (with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Bishop of Lincoln, and the Patrons of the said Rectory and Vicarage for the Time being, testified by Writing under their Hands) to lease or demise all or any Part or Parts of the Allotment or Allotments to be set out and allotted to the said Rector and Vicar respectively by virtue of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years, to commence

743

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

commence from and immediately after the executing the said Award; so that the Rent or Rents for the lame shall be thereby reserved to the Rector and Vicar respectively for the Time being, by Four equal Quarterly Payments; (videlicet) on the Sixth Day of January, the Sixth Day of April, the Sixth l)ay of July, and the Eleventh Day of October, in every Year; and so that there be thereby also reserved and made payable to such Redor and Vicar respectively, the bell and molt improved Rent ot Rents that can reasonably be had or gotten foi the fame, without taking any Fine, Foregift, Premium, Sum of Money, or other Consideration, for the making or granting any such Lease or Demise; and so that no such Lessee be made dispunishable for Walle by any express Words to be therein contained; and so that there be inferred in every such Lease, Power ol Reentry on Non-payment of the Rent or Rents to be therein reserved, within a reasonable Time, to be therein limited, after the same shall become due; and so that a Counterpart of such Lease be duly executed by the Lessee or Lessees to whom such Lease shall be so made as aforesaid; and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Co- Copyholder* pyholders for Lives under the said Dean and Chapter of Chriji Church, cA»«iCoUege and their Lessee, shall and are hereby required to bear, pay, and discharge to bear the all the Colls, Charges, and Expences which shall be incurred in obtaining, in

passing, and executing this Act, which shall be payable in respect of the respeuoith.ir Lands and Grounds, Right of Common, and other Hereditaments be- Copyholds, longing to the said Dean and Chapter, and now held by the said Copy-holders respectively, and also to make and ered all such Fences, and at such Times and in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Com-rriissioners, as well for subdividing as for dividing and inclosing all such Lands and Grounds as shall be allotted to the said Dean and Chapter and their said Lessee, or the said Copyholders.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That within the Space of Six Ca- Award, lendar Months next after the Division and Allotment of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed shall be made and completed, or as soon after as conveniently may be, the said Commissioners shall, according to the several Powers and Authorities hereby given to and vested in them, form and draw up, or cause to be formed and drawn up, an Award or Instrument in Writing, which shall express the Quantity, in Statute Measure, of the Acres, Roods, and Perches contained in all the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and mclosed as aforesaid, and the Quantity and Contents of each and every Parcel of the fame allotted to the several Parties entitled thereto respectively, and also a Description of the Situation, Abuttals, and Boundaries of such Parcels and Allotments respectively, and of such Land or other Property as shall be allotted in Exchange, or shall be partitioned by virtue of this Act, and shall also contain proper Orders and Directions for fencing the said Allotments, and for keeping the Fences in Repair, and also for making and laying out proper Ways, Road- , Drains, Watercourses, Bridges, and other requifue Works and Conveniencies, and for keeping the fame in good and sufficient Repair and Condition, and shall also contain and express such other Orders, Directions, and Regulations, as by the said Commissioners shall be thought proper and necessary to be inserted

therein,

744

Reduced Plans to be made.

Power to borrow Money.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

therein, conformable to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Act, for the more easy, convenient, and elsedtual Execution thereof, or for the preventing any Difficulties and Disputes in relation to the Matters herein contained, pursuant and according to the several Powers and Authorities hereby given to and vested in the said Commissioners respectively; which said Award or Instrument shall he fairly ingrossed or written on Parchment, and read over in the Presence of the Proprietors who may attend at aSpe-cial General Meeting to be held for that Purpose (of which Ten Days Notice shall be given in foine Newspaper circulated in the County of Buckingham Jmd shall be executed by the said Conunissioners at such Meeting, which Execution shall be proclaimed the next Sunday in the respective Parish Churches of Maidfnwton and Buckingham aforesaid, from which Time only the said Award shall be considered as complete; and the said Award shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution thereof, be inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Buckingham, or in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to the end Recourse may be had to the fame by all Persons interested therein (for the Inspection and Perusal whereof the Sum of One Shilling, and no more, shall be paid); and a Copy thereof, or any Part thereof (when and as often as the same shall be required) shall be delivered to any Person or Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure, signed by the Clerk of the Peace, or the proper Officer of such Court of Record, purporting the Truth of such Copy, (for which no more than Two-pence per Sheer, reckoning Seventy-two Words to each Sheet, shall be paid) and after such Inrolment the original Award shall be deposited and kept in a Box or Chert within the Parish Church of Buckingham aforesaid; and the said original Award, or a Copy of the Inrolment thereof, or of any Part thereof, signed by the Clerk of the Peace, or the proper Officer of such Court of Record, shall at all Times be admitted as legal Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and the several Allotments and Exchanges, and Partitions, Orders, Directions, Regulations, Matters, and Things which shall be made, specified, and set forth in and by the said Award, shall be final, binding, and conclusive unto and upon all Parties and Persons interested in or entitled unto the said Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments to be divided and inclosed, exchanged, made Partition of, or exonerated from Tythes, in pursuance of this Act.

XLV. And for, the better ascertaining the particular Lands and Estates within the said Parish and Hamlets respectively, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to make or cause to be made Two reduced Plans of all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish and Hamlets, describhg therein every pariicnlar Estate, and the Name of the Owner, and Quantity in Acres, Roods, and Perches thereof, and such other Matters as they shall judge proper orneceflary for the Purpose aforesaid; which said Plans shall be drawn upon Vellum, and signed by the said Commissioners, One whereof shall be annexed to their Award so to be made as aforesaid, and the other of such Plans shall be annexed to and deposited with the Inrolment thereof.

XLVI. And whereas fonieof the Owners and Proprietors of, and Persons interested in the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Parttires, and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, may have Occasion

4.1° GEORGII III. Cap. 4?.

Occasion to borrow Money to pay the Proportion which may be charged upon them of the Money to be raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of putting the lame into Execution, and also of King-fencing their several Allotments, and cannot, by Reason of some Settlement, Impediment, or Incumbrance, make an effectual Security for such Money as shall be wanting for that Purpose; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and every the Owners and Proprietors for the Time being of any of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided and in-tlofed, being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Term or Terms of Years, under any Will or Settlement, and also to and for the Husbands of all Femes Covert, and all other Persons being Guardians, Committees, Trullees, or Attornies of or for any Minors, Idiots, Lunaticks, or Persons beyond the Seas, or under any other Incapacity or Disability whatsoever, entitled to any of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, P-iltures, and Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and to and for every of them for the time being, and to and for all Trullees for charitable Uses (save and except such Person or Persons to whom the Stone and Gravel Pits aforesaid shall be allotted and awarded j the said Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of Maid/-morion, in respt-ft of the said Trull Allotment, the said Rector of Maidf-morton and Vicar of Buckingham, in respect of their Rectory and Vicarage respectively; and the said Copyholders and Lessees of the said Dean, and Chapter ol Christ Church, and Warden and College of Ati Souls, in the University of Oxford aforesaid) by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners to be tellified in Writing under their Hands and Seals, either by their said Award, or in or by any Deed or Instrument to bfc executed by them, before or after the Execution of their said Award, from Time to Time to charge the Lands and Grounds to be allotted to them respectively, or any Lands or Premises to be taken in exchange for the fame, or any Part thereof, by virtue of this Act, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, with such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be necessary to pay and defray the respective Charges and Expences incident to and attending such Division and Inclosure, and of obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, and of ring-fencing such Allotments respectively; and for securing the l<e-payment of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be advanced, with the Interest thereof, to grant, mortgage, lease, or demise, or otherwise subject the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be charged to such Person or Persons as shall advance and lend the fame respectively, his, her, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for any Term and Number of Years-, so that every such Grant and Demise be made to commence within Twelve Calendar Months from the Time of the Execution of the said Award, and do contain a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trull to be stirrendered or re-assigned, when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, with the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and so that in every such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, there be contained a Covenant to pay and keep down Half-yearly the In-tereit of the Money thereby secured, so that no Person or Persons after wards becoming feii'ed or possessed of or entitled to the Lands, Tenements, (Loc. Ss* Per.'] 96’- of

746 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

or Hereditaments so to be charged as aforesaid, shall be liable to pay any greater or farther Arrear of Interest for the Money so borrowed, than for One Year next preceding the Time that the Title of such PerLa or Persons to the said mortgaged Premises shall accrue or commence; and every such Grant, Mortgage, or Demise shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended, notwithstanding any Will, Trull, Use, Remainder, or Limitation of or concerning the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof then in being, or capable of taking Effect, and notwithstanding any Want of Title in the Person or Persons making the same.

Persons ad-

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Person who vancing Mo. shall advance and lend any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying the ting tidsPAct Expences of applying for and obtaining this Act, shall be repaid

to be repaid the fame out of the First Monies which shall be raised and collect-

withXntereit. ££j jn pursuance hereof, with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Time of advancing and paying the fame respectively.

Commission-

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Comers and Gene- missioners who shall act in the Execution of the Trulls and Powers

rat Expences. ve^ej jn him by this Act, and their Clerks, shall be allowed and

paid the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for each Day he respectively shall so ad, in full Satisfaction for his Trouble and Expences, to be ascertained by the Entry in the Minute Book here-in-after directed to be provided; and that the said Commissioners, and all Persons imerelted in the Division and Inclosure hereby authorized, who shall attend any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall respectively bear and pay their own Expences, and shall not, on any Pretence whatsoever, make any Charge to the Proprietors for Expences at any Inn or Publick House; and that the Minutes of each Day’s Proceedings shall be entered in a Book or Books to be provided by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and signed by the Commissioners then present on the fame t)ay, and shall be attelled by the Clerk or Clerks; and that if any One of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk or Clerks, shall make any false Entry, or sign his or their Name or Names in any other Manner than as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by and paid to the Person suing for the fame, by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wejun'inster, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and that such Allowance to the said Commissioners and their Clerks, together with the Charges and Expences of passing this Act, and of forming and completing the said publick Roads, and of surveying, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds so directed to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, and also of surveying the Ilomelteads and Inclosures, and of exonerating the fame from Tythes, and of making Exchanges (if any be madej and of preparing and inrolling the said Award, and all other Ex-i pence!

747

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

pences attending the Execution of this Act, shall be borne and defrayed by the several Owners of the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments to be divided, allotted, exchanged, and exonerated from Tythes by virtue of this Act (except the said Dean and Chapter of Christ Church, the said Warden and College of All Souls, the said Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of Maidsmorton, Bailiff and Magistrate, in respect of their said Trull Allotments, the said Rector, Impropriator, and Vicar, and their Successors, and the Person or Persons to whom Allotments shall be made for publick Stone and Gravel Pits) in such Shares and Proportions, at such Time and Times, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, either before or after the Execution of their said Award, by any Writing under their Hands, to be given in Manner herein-before directed, Twenty-eight Days at the lead before the Day appointed for the Payment thereof, shall order or direct; and in case any of the Persons aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Shares or Proportions of such Charges and Expences, or any Part thereof, within the Time to be limitted by the said Commissioners, to such Person or Persons as they dial I appoint to receive the same, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons to be authorized and appointed by them, to enter into and upon the Pre-miles of the Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, or any of the Lands or other Hereditaments exchanged or exonerated from I ythes by virtue of this Act, belonging to such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, and to receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof, until therewith or thereby the Shares or Proportions of the said Costs and Charges to be paid by such Person or Persons, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences occasioned by or attending such Entry upon and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the said Premises, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Commission-shall and they are hereby required to enter in a Book to be pro- "^counVof" vided for that Purpose, an Account of all Monies whatever received Expence«, etc. from the Proprietors or others during the Progress of the Inclosure, and also of all the Charges, Expences, and Disbursements which shall accrue or be made by virtue of this Act, and in carrying the fame into Execution; which Book of Accounts shall be kept at the Office of one of their Clerks, open at all reasonable Times during the Pro-

!;refs of the said Inclosure, and till the Accounts are finally settled, or the Inspection of any of the Proprietors, without Fee or Reward; and in case the said Commissioners or their Clerks shall neglect to provide and keep such Book of Accounts as aforesaid, and

refuse

75°

[Publick Act.]

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 48.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty* the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, situate, lying, and being in that Part of the Parish of East Hendred which is in the Hundred of Wantage, in the County of Berks, called Westmanfide, except such Part of the said Common Meadows as lieth in a Meadow called Fox Mead or Arding ton Mead.

[21st May 1801.]

WHEREAS there are in that Part of the Parish of East Hendred Preamble, which is in the Hundred of Wantage, in the County of Berks, certain Ojen and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands: And whereas ihe King’s most Excellent Majest.y, in Right of His Crown, is

Lord of the Manor called ‘The King's Manor-, Sir John Pollen Baronet, is Lord of the Manor called The Manor of Framptons; Baftl Eyston Esquire, is Lord of the Manor called The Manor of Arches; and the Wardens and Fellows of New College, in the University of Oxford, are Lords of the [Lw. Per.] 9 E Manor

754

+i° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Manor called New College Manor (within the Bounds, Limits, and Precincts of which Manors the ('aid Part of the said Parish of Ea/i Hendred dalled Westmanfide is situate): And whereas the Right Reverend John Lord Bishop of Scrum, in Right of his Ste, is seised of the perpetual Advowson, Right of Patronage, and Presentation, of, irt, And to the Rectory of the Parish Church of East Hendred aforesaid: And whereas the Reverend John Hdyei Cltrk, is Rector of the said Parish of East Hendred, and in Right of his laid Rectory is Ceiled of or entitled unto certain Glebe Lands lying in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and also to a considerable Part of the Great Tythes, and all the Small Tythes (except the Tythes of the Lands called Saint Amands Glebe) anfing, growing, and renewing, within the said Part of the said Parish of East Hendred called Westmanfide \ and the said Sir John Pollen, and Richard Hopkins Esquire, are seised of or entitled to the Remainder of the said Great Tythes (except on such Part of the said Lands, in the said Part of the said Parish of East Hendred called Westmanfide, as are Tythe-free): And whereas the said Sir John Pollen, the said Basil Eyfton, the said Richard Hopkins, and John Allin Senior, John Collins, Janes Cowdery, John Rohdy, Mary Harrtftm Widow, and several other Persons, are seised of, entitled to, or interested in the Residue of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and laid in Severalty, and are entitled to Right of Common in and upon the fame, or some Part thereof: And whereas the Lands and Grounds of the respective Proprietors of and in the said Open and Common Fields, and Common Meadows, lie intermixed anti tiifperfed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, and all the said Lands and Grounds, in their present Statt, Are iftcapable of any considerable Improvements and it would be for the Benefit of the several Owners and Proprietors thereof if tflLfalnfc Were-divided, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to 91111 atnorrgft them in Severalty, in lieu of and in Proportion to their respective Lands, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interest therein: But although such Division and Allotment will be of Advantage and Convenience to the Parties interested therein, yet the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament -, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the king’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-Commission- lament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That William Bu/h-e'5- W ell of Act on Tirrold in the County of Berks, Gentleman, George Barnes of

Andover in the County of Southampton, Gentleman, and John Chamberlin of Cropredy in the County of Oxford, Gentleman, and their Successors, to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for valuing, dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-'rtnoti Failures, Downs, and o her Commonable and Waste Lands, within the said Part of the said Parish of East Hendred, except such Part of the said Common Meadows as lieth in a Meadow called Fox Mead or Arding-ton Mead, and for putting this Act in Execution, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein after contained.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two of the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized aid empowered to do and perform every Act, Matter, and Thing requi-(ite to be done by virtue of this Act, and to execute all and every the Powers and Authorities herein contained and hereby given to the said Commissioners, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if every such Power and Authority had been separately given to and vetted in the said Commissioners, or any 'I'wo of them, by express Words throughout this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Commissioners aforesaid, or any other Commissioner to be efiofen or appointed as hereinafter directed, shall die, or neglect or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, then and so often as the Case shall happen it shall be lawful for the Survivors or Survivor, or others or other of them, as the Case may be, or their Clerk for the Time being, and they and he are and is hereby required forthwith to cause Notice thereof to he given by Writing under their Hands or his Hand affixed on the principal Outer Door of the Church of East Hettdred aforesaid, and in such Notice to appoint some Time (being not less than Ten nor more than Thirty Days from the Publication thereof) and some Place at or within Seven Miles of East Hetidred aforesaid, for a General Meeting of the said Proprietors, or their Agents, to be holden thereat, for the Purpose of choosing a Commissioner in the Place and Stead of such Commissioner so dying, neglecting, refuting, or becoming incapable to act -, and the major Part in value of this said Proprietors attending and acting in Person, or by their respective Agents. at the said Meeting, shall and may, by any Writing under their Hands, elect and appoint a proper Person, not interested in the Division or Allotment hereby intended to be made, to be a Commissioner in the Room of any such Commissioner so dying, neglecting, refusing, or becoming incapable as aforesaid; and in case such Proprietors or their Agents shall neglect or refuse to make, or shall not make such Election or Appointment at such Meeting as aforesaid, then and so often as the Case shall happen, the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall and may, as soon as conveniently may be after the Expiration of the Time herein-before allowed to the said Proprietors for making such Election and Appointment as aforesaid, nominate and appoint, by Writing under the Hands or Hand of the fame Commissioners or Commissioner, another Commissioner in the Room of every One so dying, neglecting, refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every such new Commissioner to be appointed in either of the Ways aforesaid, in pursuance of tlje Directions aforesaid, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act in Execution as if he had been originally named and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act; all which Appointments shall be annexed to the Award or Instrument herein-after directed to be made by the said Commissioners, and shall be inroiled therewith. IV.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall he capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of the Powers given by this Act (except the Power hereby given of admioiftering an Oath to another Commissioner, and of appointing their Eirtt Meeting, and

755

Power vetted in Two CommilCon-eri.

For electing new Commissioners upon Vacin. cies.

Commissioner> to be (worn.

756

Oath-

Oath to be inroiled.

Notice to be given of the Meetings.

WTiere Meetings to be held.

Allowance to

Commifiicm-

ets.

Proprietors to pay their own Expenses.

Val nation and Survey to be made.

41° GEORGII 111. Cap. 4*.

the Power of giving Nonce and filling up a Vacancy in case of the Deaths or Incapacity of, or Retufal, or Neglect to act by any Commissioner) until he shall have taken and subscribed the following Oath; 'that is to say,)

‘ T do swear. That 1 will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according ‘ JL to die belt of my Skill and Judgment, execute the several Trulls, 4 Powers, and Authorities repoled in me as a Commissioner, by virtue of

an Act mace for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other

Commonable and IVaftc Lands, fttuate, lying, and being in that Part of the Parish of t aft Hrndred which is in the Hundred of Wantage, in the County of Berks, called Westmanfidr, except such Part of the Jatd Common Meadows as lieth in a Meadow called Fox Mead or Ardington Mead.

So help me GOD.'

Which Oath it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to administer to each other; and the said Oath, so taken and subscribed by the Paid Commissioners, shall be annexed to and inroiled with the Award or Instrument herein-after directed to be made by the said Commissioners.

tla[ jon jjnnti) ootiT v u . . hat.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they afe hereby required to cause Notice to be given in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on the Principal Outer Door of the Parish Church of East Hendred aforesaid, of the Time and Place of the First and every Other Meeting of the said Commissioners for executing the Powers hereby vested in them, at least Eight Days before any such Meeting (Mtetings by Adjournment, which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to make, only excepted); and in case at any such appointed or adjourned Meeting, One of the said Commissioners only shall attend, such One may adjourn the fame in such Manner as he shall think proper or convenient, and shall cause Notice of such Adjournment to be given to the absent Commissioners: Provided, that all Meetings for executing the Powers of this Act shall be held at some convenient Place in or within Seven Miles of East Hendred aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners who shall act in the Execution of the Trusts and Powers hereby vested in them, shall be paid the Scm of Two Guineas each, and no more, for each Day they shall be employed therein (Days of travelling from and to their Plomes included), the same to be in full Satisfaction for all the Trouble and Ex:>ences which they respectively shall be put to in executing the Powers and Trusts aforesaid; and cveTy Proprietor and other Person interested in the Execution or this Act, who shall attend any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall bear and pay his or her Expences of the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That a true and perfect Valuation of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures. Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, by this Act intended to be divided and allotted, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, be made by the said Commissioners; and that a true and perfect Survey, Admeafvrement, and Plan thereof, shall be made arid taken by such Surveyor or Surveyors as the said Conuniflwn-

3

757

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

ers Hull appoint; which Survey and Admeasurement shall be reduced into Writing, and shall specify and describe the Contents of all the Lands and Grounds so to be divided and allotted, and the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches thereof belonging to each Proprietor respectively; and the said Survey and Plan, when completed, shall be laid before and kept by the said Commissioners, and shall be verified by the Oath or Oaths of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, in the following Manner;

(videlicet),

4 T [or, we, as the Case may be] do swear. That I [er, we] will faithfully

impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my [or, our]

Skill, Knowledge, and Judgment, survey and admeasure the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and

other Commonable and Waste Lands, in that Part of the Parish of Raft Headred which is in the Hundred of Wantage, in the County of Berks,

called Westmanfide, or such Parts thereof as 1 [or, we] shall be employed to survey; and that I [ or, we] will do such other matters as shall be required of me [ or, us] by the Commissioners appointed or to be appoint-

4 ed by virtue of an Act passed [here insert the Title of this AO] and for the ‘ due Execution of the said Act without Favour or Affection to any Person whomsoever. So help me GOD.’

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One of them, arc and is hereby empowered to administer.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, and every of them, and all Persons to be appointed to complete the said Survey and Admeasuresment, their Assistants and Servants respectively, may, and they are hereby empowered and authorised from Time to Time, as often as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to enter into and upon the Premises directed or intended to be valued and surveyed respectively as aforesaid, every or any Part or Parts thereof, without any Hindrance or Molestation whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause Twenty-one Days publick Notice at the least to be given in the said Parish Church of East Hendred, immediately after Divine Service on a Sunday, and by Writing affixed on the principal Outer Door of the said Parish Church, of the Time and Place when and where they intend to meet to receive the Claims of all Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, having or claiming any Right or Interest in or upon the Lands or Grounds intended by this Act to be divided, allotted, and laid in Severalty; and that the said Commissioners shall, before they proceed in making any Division or Allotment, give Fourteen Days Notice as aforesaid, of a Second Meeting to be held for the Purpose of receiving Claims, at which Meeting or Meetings all Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, having or claiming any Right of Common or other Interest, in or upon the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, shall, and they are hereby required, by themselves, or their Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Attornies, or Agents respectively, to give or deliver to the said Commissioners, in Writing under their respective Hands, their several Claims, together with a Description of the Estates by virtue of which they claim such Right or

[Loc.& Per.] g F Interest

Surveyor’s

Oath.

Power to enter, value, and survey.

Claimi to be delivered.

75&

Commissioners to determine Differences.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Interest as aforesaid; and all and every or any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, neglecting so to give or deliver, or cause to be given or delivered, such Claims as aforesaid, at One of such Meetings, shall be excluded and debarred from all Right and Title in and to the said Lands and Grounds, and from any Part, Share, and Allotment thereof, and also of and from all Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, of, in, and to the several Parts to be allotted to any other Person or Persons by virtue of this Act, unless there shall appear to the said Commissioners some reasonable Cause for allowing a further Time (to be by them ascertained) forgiving or delivering any such Claims s and no such Claim shall be received after the Expiration of the further Time so to be allowed by the said Commissioners; and that all and every Claim and Claims of any Right or Interest in the said Lands and Grounds, which shall be given or delivered to the said Commissioners in Writing as aforesaid, shall be produced by the said Commissioners at the Request of any Person or Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, or of any Person or Persons acting for them as aforesaid, who shall have Liberty to examine the fame j and that all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, having so claimed as aforesaid, and whose Claim shall be objected to, who shall neglect orre-fuse for the Space of Twenty-one Days, (afier a written Notice of such Objection has been signed by the said Commissioners, and given to (iich Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporaie, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or Petlons acting for them as aforesaid, or left at his, her, or their usual or iaft Place or Places of Abode) to produce Evidence of, and prove to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, his, her, or their Right or Interest: so claimed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to exclude such Persons respectively from any Share in the said Division or Allotment, unless the said Commissioners shall fee good Cause for prolonging the Time for producing Evidence in support of such Claim or Claims.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested in the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and laid in Severalty, or any Part thereof, touching the respective Rights, Shares, or Proportions, which they or any of them have or shall claim to have therein, or touching any Common Rights, Tythes, or other Interest which they respectively may have or claim, in, upon, over, from, or out of the fame, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to examine Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer, and thereupon, and upon view or any other satisfactory Evidence, Information, and Proof, to hear and finally determine the fame, and such Determination shall be binding and condusive to all Parties interested therein; but no such Determination shall hinder or prevent any of the Parties from trying their Rights at Law, in respect to any Matter of Title, nor shall any Trial to be had thereon suspend the Execution of the Powers given by this Act, or disturb any Allotment made or to be made to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and the said Commissioners shall, by proper Marks and Bounds, let out the Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted in lieu of such litigated Property, so that the fame may be distinguished from any other Lands and Grounds, and may be had and taken by the Person or Persons who,

upon

759

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

upon the Determination of such Difference or Suit, shall become entitled to the same.

XI. And whereas Disputes may ariseconcerning the Boundaries of the said Boundaries Part of the said Parish of East Hendred called Westmanfide, and of the several Manors wherein the said Lands and Grounds are situated; be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to fix or appoint some Day or Days for the Perambulation of the Boundaries of the said Part of the said Parish of East Hendred aforesaid called Westmanftde, and of the said several Manors respectively, or of such Parts thereof as shall appear to them to be doubtful or in Dispute, and shall, at least Ten Days before the Time or Times appointed for any such Perambulation, give Notice of the Hour and Place of beginning the fame, in the Oxford and Reading Journals, and by Writing to be affixed on the principal Outer Door of the Parish Church of East Hendred aforesaid, so that all Persons interested or concerned therein may have an Opportunity of attending the said Commissioners upon such Perambulation of the said Boundaries, the better to enable them to fix and ascertain the fame , and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required by such Perambulation as aforesaid, and also by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, if they think necessary (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer) and also by such other Ways and Means as they shall think proper, to fix, ascertain, and determine the said Boundaries, and to cause the same to be (faked and marked out accordingly; and the Boundaries so to be fixed, ascertained, and determined by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be set forth and described in their said Award, and shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Persons whomsoever, except as next herein-after mentioned:

Provided nevertheless, that if any Person interested therein shall be dif-satisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, in relation to the setting out and fixing the said Boundaries, such Persons may appeal against the same to the J offices of the Peace, not interested in the Matter in Question, at the General Quarter Sessions to be holden in and for the County of Berks next after the Expiration of Twenty-one Days from the Meeting of the said Commissioners at which such Determination shall have been made-, the Person or Persons intending to make such Appeal giving within Fourteen Days next after such Boundaries shall have been (faked and marked out as aforesaid, to the said Commissioners, or One of them.

Fourteen Days Notice at the least of such Intention (within Fourteen Days next after such Boundaries shall have been (faked and marked out as aforesaid); and the said Justices shall and they aie hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and to settle and ascertain such Part of the said Boundaries in respect whereof such Appeal shall be made; and the Determination of the said J offices therein shall be final and conclusive.

XIII. And, for the better enabling the said Commissioners to determine Power to the several Matters and Things by this Act referred to their Determination,

Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from ltne es‘ Time to Time, as they shall see Occasion, by any Writing under their Hands, to summon and require any Person or Persons to appear before them at such Time and Place as shall be appointed in such Writing, to testify the Truth touching any Matter in Dispute between any Proprietors "Or interested Persons, or otherwise, relative to the Execution of the Powers given by this Act, and to cause a true Copy of such Writing to be served

on

760

Lands to be allotted ascertained.

This Act not to extend to Fox Mead,

Roads and Ways to be set out.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

on such Person or Persons required to give Evidence, or to be left at his, her, or their usual or last Place of Abode , and every such Person so summoned, who shall not appear before the said Commissioners pursuant to their Summons, except for some reasonable Excule, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence, and having been paid or had tendered to him, her, or them, the reasonable Charges of his, her, or their Attendance, and being thereof convicted before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Berks, upon Information thereof on Oath made before any One of the said Justices, shall forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, as such Justices shall think fit, to be levied by Warrant of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so convicted, together with the Costs of such Warrant, Distress and Sale, which Penalty shall be applied as the said Commissioners shall direct; and in case any Person or Persons, upon Examination, upon Oath, or solemn Affirmation before the said Commissioners, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting under the Authority of this Act, as the Case shall happen, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall be liable to all the Pains and Penalties inflicted by the Laws now in being on Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fields or luclosures, containing the Property of Two or more Persons within One Fence, or in or over which there shall be any Right of Common or Patturage in any Person not being Owner of the Soil, shall be deemed Part of the Lands to be divided, allotted, and laid in Severalty by virtue of this Act, and shall be divided, allotted, and laid in Severalty accordingly: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioners to divide, allot, and lay in Severalty, any Part of the said Common Meadow called Fox Mead or Ardington Mead, but the fame shall, notwithstanding the passing of this Act, remain in its present State and Condition.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in the First Place, set out, appoint, and cause to be made, such publick and private Roads, Drift Ways, and other Ways, and all such. Common Drains, Sewers, Water-courses, Ditches, Banks, Bridges, Gates, Stiles, and other Conveniences, in, over, through, upon, to, or by the respective Lands anti Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as they in their Discretion shall think requisite, so as all such publick Roads, being Carriage Roads, shall be and remain Forty Feet in Breadth at the lead between the Ditches or other Limits of the Allotments; and the publick Bridle Roads and Footways, and private Roads or Ways, shall respectively be and remain of such Breadth as the said Commissioners shall order and direct; and all such publick Carriage Roads shall be well and sufficiently fenced cut on both Sides (wheresoever and as often as an Inclosure of any Land or Ground to be allotted in pursuance hereof shall take place, near or adjoining to any of the said Roads) by such of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Land and Grounds so to be inclosed, or of any other Land to be allotted by virtue of this Acr, and within such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award direct and appoint; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person to erect any Gate across any of the said

publick

761

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

publick Cariiage Roads, or to plant any Trees on either Side of the fame Roads, at a less Distance from each other than Fifty Yards; and after all A Surveyor such publick Carriage Roads shall have been set out as aforesaid, the said to Commissioners shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, by F Writing under their Hands, to appoint some proper 1'erson to be a Surveyor of the fame Roads, and such Surveyor shall cause the same to be properly formed and completed, and put into good and sufficient Repair, and shall be allowed such Salary or Reward for his Trouble therein as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands diretfl and appoint; which Salary and Reward, and also the Expences (over and above the Monies to be raised by Sale of the Lands and Waste Ground, as herein-after is mentioned, and also over and above One Half Part of the Statute Duty to be done and performed in the said Part of the said Parish, not applicable to the Repairs of the Turnpike Road within the same Parish, of forming the said publick Carriage Roads, and of putting the lame into good and sufficient Repair, shall be raised and paid in like Manner as the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, are herein-after authorized and directed to be raised and paid; and that none of the Inhabitants or Occupiers of Lands or other Premises in the said Part of the said Parish of East htnirtd called Wefimavfide, other than the respective Persons to whom Allotments of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and allotted shall be made, shall be charged or chargeable, over and above the said Proportion of the Statute Duty, towards the forming or repairing of the said publick Carriage Roads, until the same shall be made fit for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, and shall have been certified so to be by the said Surveyor, by'Whiting under his Hand, to be delivered to kftd Clerk of the Peace at some Quarter Session of the Peace to be hold^n- for the said County of Berks, and until such Certificate shall have been avowed and confirmed by the Justices at such Session; which said Certificate shall be fodelivered to the Clerk of the Peace at the Quarter Session to be holdert next after the said publick Carriage Roads shall be formed and put into good and sufficient Repair as aforesaid, and within the Space of Two Years next after the Execution of the Award or Inllrumenc herein-after mentioned, unless sufficient Reason be given, to the Satisfaction of the said Justices, that a further Time is necessary for that Purpose, in which Cafe the said Justices may, and they are hereby empowered to allow such further Time for delivering in the said Certificate as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Year; and in case the said Surveyor shall neglect or refuse to deliver in such Certificate within the Time before limited, he shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds, to be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Surveyor, by virtue of a Warrant from any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Berks; and such Penalty shall l?e paid to the said Justice, and shall be applied towards defraying the 'Expences of repairing and amending the said publick Carriage Roads, in such Manner as the said Justice shall order-, and that after such Cetificate shall have been delivered to the said Clerk of the Peace by the said Surveyor as aforesaid, and shall have beep allowed apd confirmed as aforesaid, the said publick Carriage Roads shall from Time to Time be supported and kept in Repair in tfe same Manner as the other publick Roads in the said Parish of East Hendred are by Law to be amended and kept in Repair; and that the [Lot. & Per.} <) G other

762

Who to have the Soil and Herbage of the Ways,

Notice to be given of Roads being set out.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

other publick ant! private Roads, Drift Ways and other Ways, and all the Common Drains, Sewers, Water-courses, Ditches, Banks, Bridges, Gates, Stiles, and Conveniencies, which shall be set out and appointed by virtue of tHs Act, shall be made and done, and at all Times afterwards shall be repaired, deanled, and maintained, by such Person or Persons having or poss fling any Allotment or Allotments to be made by virtue hereof, in such Shares and Proportions, Manner and Form, as the said Commissioners shall order, lireft, and appoint in and by their said Award; and that after such publick and private Roads, Drift Ways, and other Ways, shall be set out and made, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to use any other Roads or Ways, either old or new, publick or private, in, over, through, or upon the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, either on Foot or with Horses, Cattle, or Carriages; and that all former Rcrads and Ways which shall not be so set out and appointed as the future Roads and Ways, in, over, or through the said Lands and Grounds, shall be deemed Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and laid in Severalty, by virtue of this Act (except the said Lands and Waste Ground herein-after directed to be sold) anil shall be divided, allotted, and laid in Severalty accordingly; and that the Soil of the said publick Carriage Roads shall be and remain vested in the respective Lords of the said Manors within whose Manor such publick Carriage Roads shall respectively lie for the Time being for ever; but the Herbage of such publick Carriage Ways, and also the Soil and Herbage of all other, publick and all private Roads and Ways to be IcC out and appointee!'as kfotesaid, shall be by the said Commissioners Allotted so, such Person or Persons'as they shall think proper.

XV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the said Commissioners shall have let ou: and! appointed such publick Carriage Road?, as aforesaid, they shall caul’e Notice thereof to be given by Adv.ercisement in some Newspaper usually cir-cui ittcl'in the Neighbourhood of East Hendrtd aforesaid; and that it shall be lawful for any Perfdri or Persons whomsoever, who shall bedtiTatisfied fcith this setting out. Appointment, or Disposition of any of such publick Carriage Roads as aforesaid (on giving Notice in Writing to any One of the said CominifTidhefs', of his, her, or their Intention, within Fourteen Days after the Publication of such Advertisement, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Berks, with Two sufficie'nt Sureties, in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor left than TwehtyPofmds, conditioned to try Ihch Appeal, and abide the Order of; ihH'to pay fqch Costs as shall be awarded by-t ns j, Offices at such Quartet Sessions to appeal against all or any of such publick Carriage Roads to' fbrrtC General Quarter Sessions of the ^ea'ce to fie held in and for the said County of Betlis, wirhin Four Calendar. IWontlis next affef the letting blit, Appointntenr, arid Disposition of the faj.d. pubffck Carriage Roads* and rheftbf givfcrr as aforesaid, and

he/ ffiefpr.they /full be heard by hirbtblL herself, dr tfertiselves, or by his, Ker,:dr their Chuhfei, Agents, Actdrnies; and Witrleffes , and rhit the said Cdmrnfljtoners, or'One of them, of their Surytydr or Clerk, shall anted %t, fbefi 'Sciliuns., arid' the Fofthiek nlp^f6re^ whoffi fidhf Appeal shall be tjijiiTe, upon due i*rooif of ibcIh.Nttcifie.feiirt^g^vttt' sts* ^fb.Pdfsiid, and of the ent'ering info fdcii'ftefcb^AiiaiVbeft^l^tth fttfanngthfc Evidence, finally-deten.

v L v' J >J mine

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 763,

mine whether the said publick Carriage Roads so appealed against. shall be made, or whether any other publick Carriage Roads shall be set our, and shall make and give such Orders and Directions touching the Matters before them, and award such Colts, as to them shall seem necessary and expedient in that Behalf; and such Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case no such Notice shall be given to One of the Commissioners as aforesaid, or such Recognizance shall not be entered into, or such Appeal shall not be proceeded in as aforesaid, then such setting out, Appointment, and Dispofiiion of the said publick Carriage Roads by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Not to *1t*r contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioners to vary, di-

vert, turn, or alter the present Turnpike Road leading through or over Roads with— the said Lands and Grounds, or any of them, unless the fame be by and out the Con-with the Consent and Approbation of Five or more of the Trustees of the sent of Pl,e said Turnpike Road, testified in Writing at some Meeting of the Truf- jr'ufteees tees; but such Turnpike Road shall be left of the Breadth of Sixty Feec at the least in every Part thereof clear of the Ditches, Mounds, or Fences to be erected by virtue of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commission-Commissioners to borrow and take up at Interest, of any Person or Persons

willing to advance and lend the fame, such Sum or Sums of Mbncy as shall to pay Ex-from Time to Time be necessary for defraying the Charges and Expences pencej. of passing and executing this Act, until the same shall be raised by such Sale as herein-after directed; which Sum and Sums of Money to be borrowed shall be a Charge upon the said Lands and Grounds intended to be divided and allotted, until the same shall be raised and repaid by such Sale, with I'nterefl for the fame; and the said Commissioners shall have Power, if they think proper, to grant aTerm or Terms of Years of the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, for securing the Money so to be advanced, with Interest as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Lands to be and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, in the first Place, foW to pay toafemain, mark, and set out so much and such Parts and Parcels of the ExPen«-present Field or Drift Ways, and Waste Lands, in the said Part of the said

Parish of East Htndred called Westmanfide-, and such Parts and Parcels of the said other Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and laid in Severalty, as will in their Judgment produce by Sale thereof a Sum sufficient to defray the necessary Charges and Expences attending the applying for and obtaining and passing this Act, and the other necessary Costs and Charges ofsurveying, measuring, planning, valuing, dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the said Open and Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste L ands, and also the Costs, Charges, and Expences of First forming and making such publick Roads as aforesaid, and of preparing

and

764. 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

ard inrolling the Award of the said Commissioners herein mention edand all other necessary Charges incident to and attending the said intended Allotment and Division, and the Execution of the other Powers contained in this Act, and also the Charges of such Sale, and all other necessary Expences attending the fame, to be ascertained by the said Commissioners; and that after having ascertained, marked, and set out the Lands and Premises last-mentioned for the Purposes aforesaid, such Lands and Premises shall thereupon be immediately verted in the said Commissioners, who shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, at such convenient Time or Times, Place or Places, as to them shall ieem meet, to cause the same to be put up to Sale, and to be sold and disposed of in Fee, by publick Sale or Auction, in such Lot or Lots, Parcel or Parcels, as to them shall Ieem fit and expedient, giving at lead Ten Days Notice of such Sale in The Reading and Oxford 'journals.

Which may

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and be conveyed may, and they are hereby fully and effectually enabled and empowered, rniflioneri."1* Feoffment, or by L ease and Release, to convey the Lands and Premises so hereby authorized to be sold and dtfpofid of as aforesaid, unto the respective Purchasers thereof, in Fee Simple; and that immediately after the said Commissioners shall have executed any such Conveyance as aforesaid, the respective Purchaser or Purchasers of the Lands and Premises corn-prized in such Conveyance, shall be and become absolutely seised of such Lands and Premises, to and for the Use of him, her, and them, and his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and absolutely discharged from all Incumbrances; and that the Receipt of the said Commissioners, for the Purchase Money shall be an effectual Discharge to the respective Purchasers, none of whom shall be obliged to fee to the Application, or be accountable or answerable for the Misapplication or Non-application of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof.

How the Money shall be appropriated.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall arise by such Sale and Sales shall be received by the said Commissioners, and shall be appropriated and applied by them for the Uses and Purposes herein-before in that Behalf mentioned, and for which such Sale and Sales are hereby authorized; and if there shall be any Surplus, the same shall be appropriated and applied as herein-after mentioned; Provided always, That in case the Money arising by the Sale of Land as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to defray all the Charges and Expences aforesaid, then the Deficiency shall be made up by the several Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds (other than and except the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the Rector of the said Parish for the Time being as such) and shall be paid in such Shares and Proportions, and within such Time, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners shall di-rest, nominate, and appoint; or in case any Expences shall be incurred in the Execution of any of the Powers and Provisions of this Act, which ought to be borne and defrayed by any particular Person or Persons, and not out of any Money to be raised for the general Purposes of this Act, then the same shall be paid in such Shares and Proportions, and by such Person or Persons, and within such Time, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall direct, nominate, or appoint; and in case any Person herein-before made subject to the Payment of any Money towards such 8 Charges

7 65

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Charges and Expences as aforesaid, shall neglect or refule to pay his, or her Share or Proportion thereof, within the Time to be appointed as aforesaid, or at any Time after, upon Demand, the same shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Gootls and Chattels of such Person, wheresoever the fame may be found, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners (which Warrant the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to grant) upon Proof, on Oath, of such Neglect or Refusal, and of such Demand as aforesaid (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer) and the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be returned to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by any Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint,.from Time to Time, a Bailiff or Receiver of the Rents and Profits of the Allotment or Allotments to be made to such Person or Persons, with such reasonable Salary for his Pains and Trouble therein as they in their Discretion shall think fit; which said Bailiff or Receiver shall have and is hereby verted with full Power to enter upon and manage the fame, and to receive the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, and pay the same, after deducting all such Demands as he shall have in pursuance of the Trustsm him reposed, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Representatives.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall advance any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying the Expences of obtaining and parting this Act, or of carrying the fame into Execution, every such Person shall be repaid the fame, with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the First Monies that shall be raised or received by the said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act, for defraying such Expences.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to set out, allot, and lay in Severalty, unto and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, Sir John Pollen, Basil Eyston, and the Warden and Fellows of New College, in the University of Oxford, as Lords of the said Manors, such Part of the Common, Warte, or other Lands hereby intended to be divided and allotted, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be a reasonable Compensation for all their respective Rights and Interests in and to the Soil thereof.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Allotment so to be made to the said Lords of the said respective Manors, for their respective Rights and Interests in and to the Soil as aforesaid, shall not be less than One Twentieth Part in Value of the Residue of the Common and Waste Lands, not being the separate and known Property of any individual Proprietor or Proprietors, and which said Allotment shall be divided and apportioned by the said Commissioners to a nd amongst the Lords of the said several Manors, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein.

[Lee. & Per.] 9 H

Money at!-, vanced to be repaid with Interest.

Allotment to the Lords for Manerial Rights.

Not to be less than One Twentieth of Residue of Waite, 5*.

$66

Allotment for Stone Pin.

Allotment to the R'flor for Glebe.

-Th* Rrfjdue tjf the Lands lobeallottej, ird Rights of Common extinguished.

Allotments

in lieu of

Tythe-lree Lands to be hfld Tythe-

free.

41° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 48.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioneri shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to let out, appoint, and allot such Parcel or Parcels of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as they in their Dilcrrtion shall think necessary and proper, not exceeding in the Whole Four Acres, as and for Stone or Gravel Pits, or Quarries, for the Purposes of furnishing Materials for making and repairing the publick Roads and Ways, through and over the said Lands intended to be divided, allotted, and laid in Severalty; and the said Pits or Quarries shall be fenced in such Manner and by Inch Persons or Person, and the Herbage and Use of thi Soil thereof allotted to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award order, direct, and appoint.

XXV. And be it further eraffed, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to set out and allot, unto and for the said John Hayes and his Successors, Rectors of the Parish of East Hendred aforesaid, such Plot or Plots of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and la d in Severalty, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent and Corfipensation for all his Glebe Lards lying within and being Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and liid in Severalty, and for his Right of Common, in, over, and upon the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to divide, set out, and allot all the Refrdue and Remainder of the said Open and Common fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Com--rnqnable and Waste Lands, unto and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors of and Persons interested in the fame, in Proportion to their several and respective Shares, Rights, and Properties, therein; and that jmrpcdiately after such Allotments shall be made, the respective Proprietors thereof shall hold the fame in Severalty, and all Rights of Chtnmoii thereOrt shall be for ever extinguished and made void; and the ftvefil Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be in lieu, bar, and Corrtpenfittion of and for the Rights of the several Parties, in, over, and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, tonbrnon Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, before the passing of this Act, or the making of such Allotments, except such Rights as are herein-after saved and reserved, as not being intended to be barred or defeated by this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Proprietors aforesaid as are now feiftd of or entitled to the Impropriate Tythes of their respective Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and allotted, shall, from and after the making of the Allotments aforesaid, have and be entitled to the Impropriate Tythes of their several and re-speflive Allotments, in lieu and Satisfaction of and for their Tythes of their said respective Lands and Grounds, and shall hold and enjoy the said Tythes of their said respective Allotments in the same Manner, and subject to the fame Estates, Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Payments, Charges, and Incumbrances, as they now hold and enjoy such Tythes

767

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

of their respective Lands and Grounds; and all Allotments to be made to the said Proprietors respectively, for and in lieu of any Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and allotted, which are discharged or exempted from the Payment of Impropriate Tythes, shall, at all Times after making the said Award, be had, held, and enjoyed by the respective Proprietors thereof discharged and exempted from the Payment of such Tythes.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in estimating, laying out. Regard to be and making the several Allotments to the said several Proprietors, the

laid Commissioners shall have due Regard to the Situation, Quantity, ,;ty- jn<j and Quality, as well of the Buildings and old Property, as of the respect Quality, live new Allotments of the several Persons interested in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, and to the general Convenience of all such Proprietors, as far forth as Circumstances will permit.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained This Act not shall extend, or be construed to extend, to oblige or compel any Per- to compel (on or Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by inclosureS! virtue of this Act, to fence or mound such Allotment or Allotmenrs or

any Part thereof; nor shall any Thing herein contained extend, or be but Proprie-construed to extend, to prevent or hinder the Inclosure or Fencing of ,n"

any Allotment or Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act; and in Commission-regard that such Inclosure may, in various Instances, take place by the ers to lay voluntary Act of the said Proprietors or some of them, the said Commit"- downgeoe-sioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to lay down J,* for and prescribe in their Award such general Rules as they may think fit ,hcndooe. or necessary to be observed by any Proprietor or Proprietors in inclosing and fencing and maintaining the Inclosure and Fences of any such Allotment or Allotments, when the same shall be done, and such Rules shall be observed by and at all Times be binding upon the said Proprietors and other Persons interested in such Allotment or Alloc-picnts.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said ReAor may John Hayes and his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, by and with the lease-Consent and Approbation of the Lord Bishop of Sarum for the Time being, certified by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to grant any Lease or Leases of the Lands and Grounds by virtue of this Act, to be allotted to the said John Hayes and his Successors, as Rectors as aforesaid, in lieu of Glebe Lands, and also of the Lands and Grounds to be given him or taken in Exchange by him in lieu of Tythes, by virtue of the Clause herein-after for that Purpose contained, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, at the best and mod improved Yearly Rent that can be gotten, without taking any Money or other Thing by way of £ ine for or in respect of any such Lease, so as every such Lease do commence within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award of the said Commissioners; and so as no such Lease be made without Impeachment of Waste; and so as in every such Lease there be contained a Clause of Re-entry on Non-payment of the Rent thereby

to

768

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

to be reserved; and that such Rent be reserved and made payable to the said Rector and his Successors, by Four equal Quarterly Payments in every Year of the Term thereby to be granted; and so as the Lessee or Lessees in every such Lease do and shall execute a Counterpart thereof.

XXXI. And whereas some of the Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Part of the said Parish of East Hen-tired called Westmarfide, may be seised thereof or entitled thereto as Joint Tenants, Parceners, or Tenants in Common, and cannot, by reason of some legal Impediment or Incapacity, make an effectual Separation and Division thereof in Severalty; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, upon the Request in Writing of all such Joint Tenants, Parceners, or Tenants in Common, or of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attorniesof any of such Persons respectively as are Femes Covert, Lunaticks, Minors, or beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Impediment or Incapacity, to allot, set out, appoint, and award in Severalty, to and for each of the Persons so seised or entitled as aforesaid, such Part of thercspective Estates and Prem I'es aforesaid, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to, and a full Equivalent and Satisfaction respectively for such undivided Estate, Right, and interest, which each Person shall then have in the said Premises; and all and every Person and Persons to whom such Lands shall be allotted in Severalty as aforesaid, shall and may, at all Times after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the fame in the same Manner, and subject to the same Uses as they could respectively have held and enjoyed their respective Estates within the said Part of the said Parish of East Hendred called Westmanftde, in case this Act had not been made, such undivided interest therein only excepted.

XXXII. And, for the more convenient Situation and better Accom-

l""hl’S!l1 modation of the Proprietors of the several Farms, Lands, and Estates, fcntofPar- >n the said Part of the said Parish of East Hendred called WestmanJide, tie». be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said John

Hayes and his Successors, Rectors of East Hendred aforesaid, and any other Owners or Proprietors of F'arms, Lands, Tythes, and Estates within the said Part of the said Parish of East Hendred called Westman-fide, having an Estate for Life*/ or any greater Estate therein, and also for any of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, of any of such Owners or Proprietors respectively, who are Femes Covert, Lunaticks, Minors, beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Disability, to exchange all or any of the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, old Inclosures, new Allotments, or other Hereditaments, of such Owners or Proprietors within the said Part of the said Parish of East Hendred called IV’jlmanfidc, for any other Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, old Inclosures, new Allotments, or other Hereditaments within the same Part of the said Parish of East Hendred called Westmanfide, or within the said Parish of East Hendred, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, or Place; and all and every such Exchange or Exchanges so to be made as aforesaid, shall be good,

valid.

Commissioners may jnake Partition of undivided Estates,

Lands may

76g

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, if the lame shall be approved of by the said Commissioners, and shall be ascertained and confirmed in and by their said Award; and in every Cafe when any such Exchange shall be made of any Part of the Lands,

Grounds, and Premises, by this Act intended to be divided, allotted, and laid in Severalty, for any Lands and Hereditaments lying within the said Parish of East Hendred, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, or Place, the Owners or Proprietors of the Lands and Hereditaments, not being Parcel of the said Lands, Grounds, and Premises hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and laid in Severalty, by or with whom any such Exchange shall be so made, shall respectively contribute and pay such Proportion of the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to obtaining this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, and effectuating the said intended Division and Allotment, as the said Commissioners by Writing under their Hands shall order, direct, and Appoint, as a fair Proportion of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, according to the Extent of such Exchanges respectively: Provided also, Exchange, That no such Exchange as aforesaid shall be made by or on Behalf of to be made any Owner or Proprietor holding by Lease for One or more Life or with Consent Lives, or for any Term of Years determinable with One or more Life p^[ri"fef or Lives, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, comprized in or c' granted by such Leases, without the Consent in Writing of the Person oT Pdrfops, Bodies Politick or Corporate, under whom the Premises shall be so held for the Time being; and that no Exchange shall be made by the said John Hayes or his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, by virtue of this Act, or by any other Person, of any Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, Tythes, or other Hereditaments hdld in Right of any Church or Chapel, without the Consent of the Lord Bishop of Saturn, and of the Patron of such Church or Chapel for the Time being respectively, to be testified by his executing the Tatid Award or Instru-

ment of the said Commissioners.

rvi

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and Allotments Gftgular the Lands and other the Premises, which shall be so respectively and Lands allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall, immediately after exct,a, R"dh10 such Allotments and Exchanges are made, be, remain, and enure, and for^'t'u(e* the several Persons to whom the same shall be respectively allotted, awarded, or given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth (land and be seised or possessed thereof to such and the same Uses, Estates,

Trusts, and Purposes, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Powers, Remainders, Leases (except Leases at Rack Rent), Charges, Tenures, Rents, Seivices, and Incumbrances, and tty such and the fame Tythes, Modules, and Compositions (except fttcft of the said Lands and Premises as shall be exonerated from Tythes in pursuance of any Exchange to be made as herein-before is mentioned, and except in Case of Sale as herein-before is also mentioned) as the itveral and respective Melfoages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, old In-clrifiires, new Allotments, or other Hereditaments, in lieu or in respect lVhefebf such allotted Lands or exchanged Premises shall be respectively made hr taken, now are or should or would be held under, subject ro, or liable to be charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not Keen made.

ai' five. Per.] 9/

77°

Leases at Hack Rent to be void.

4

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the Tenth Day of October next ensuing the passing of this Act, or looner or later (but not later than Six Calendar Months) if the said Commissioners by Writing under their Hands shall lo appoint, all Leases or other Agreements at Hack or extended Rent fubfilling of all or ary Part or Parts of such Lar.ds and Grounds, Rights of Common, and Impropriate Tythes as aforesaid, in, upon, or from the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Partures, Downs, and other Commonable and Wrafte Lands, alone or with any Messuage, Cottage, or other Lands, Tythes, or Hereditaments, shall cease and be void as to all the Premises comprized in such Leases or Agreements respectively, and the respective Lessees or Tenants claiming under or by virtue of such Leases or Agreements, shall have and receive of their respective Landlords or Lessors such Satisfaction as the said Commissioners shall ascertain as reasonable to be paid or allowed to such Lessees or Tenants respectively in that Behalf; and such Lessees or Tenants shall not, after the passing of this Act, commit any Wasteor Spoil on their respective Lands and Premises, but shall conform as far as may be to the Terms and Conditions of their respective Leases and Agreements, with respect to leaving their Dung and Manure tn their Yards, on the Determination of their, said Leases and Agreements respectively, for the Benefit of their said Landlords or Lessors; and the said Landlords or Lessors shall respectively be entitled to such Kent or Rents and Privileges, up to the Time of vacating such L ealcs or Agreements respectively, and to such Compenfacions for any such Waste or Spoil as aforesaid, or for any such Dung or Manure as aforesaid, which shall be carried off contrary to the Direction aforesaid, as the said Commissioners shall appoint to be paid or given to them by such Lessees or Tenants respectively: Provided always nevertheless, That in cale the Lessee or Lessees claiming under or by virtue of any such Lease or Leases, or Agreement or Agreements, shall be desirous to have a new Lease or Leases, or Agreement or Agreements, made and granted of the Lands and Premises hereby intended to be allotted and set out in lieu of the Premises contained in the present Lease or Leases, or Agreement or Agreements, together with any other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments therein contained for the Residue then unexpired of the then existing Term for which such Leases or Agreements respectively shall be granted, and shall signify such his, her, or their Desire, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to the said Commissioners, on or before the said Tenth Day of October next ensuing the passing of this Act, and before the Time herein-before directed to be appointed by the said Commissioners for vacating Leases and Agreements at Rack or extended Rents as aforesaid, then and in every such Cale it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by some Writing or Writings under their Hands, to ascertain, order, and apportion the future Rent to be paid by the Lessee or Lessees for such Premises, and to direct a new Lease or Agreement to be made and granted to such Lessee or Lessees for the Residue of the Term then unexpired, for which such Lease or Agreement was made and granted, under and subject to such Covenants, Clauses, Provisoes, and Restrictions, as the said Commissioners, having Regard to the prclerst Lease or Agreement, and future Contin-, 1. gencies,

77i

4-i8 GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

gencies, shall in their Judgment think proper; and every such Determination of the said Commissioners shall be binding and condusive on the Landlord or Leflor, and Tenant or Lessee respectively; any '1 hing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, by some Writing or Writings under their Hands, to ascertain, order, and appoint what Recompence or Satisfaction in Money shall be paid, and by whom, to any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any of the Lands and Grounds directed by this Act to be divided, allotted, and laid in Severalty, which shall be left planted with Saintfoin or Clover, or which shall have lain in either during the Summer of the Year One thousand eight hundred and one, for the Profit and Advantage which any Person or Persons to whom the said Lands so planted, or which shall have lain in Saintfoin or Clover during the Time aforesaid shall be allotted, will obtain thereby; and if such Recompence or Sacisfaftiun shall not be paid at the Time and in the Manner to be appointed by the said Commissioners, then the said Commissioners shall and may, by any Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever (which Warrant or Warrants they are hereby directed and empowered to grant accordingly) cauie the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons required to make such Recompence as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Distreflcs, Sale and Sales, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Lands or Grounds whereon any Trees, Underwood, Thorns, Hedges, Bushes, or Shrubs, shall, at the Time of making such Allotments, be (landing, growing or being, shall be allotted to any other Person or Persons other than such as was or were the Proprietor or Proprietors, Owner or Owners thereof, at and immediately before such Allotments were made, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for such former Owners and Proprietors respectively, at any seasonable Time or Times within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, or within any shorter Space of Time to be appointed by the said Commissioners, after such Allotment shall be made, to enter upon the Lands and Grounds upon which such Trees, Underwood, Thorns, Hedges, Bushes, and Shrubs, shall be (landing and being, and with Horles and Carriages to carry away the fame, ac his, her, or their frte Will and Pleasure, to and for his, her, or their own proper Use and Benefit.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons shall, and they are hereby required to accept his, her, and their respective Allotments to be made by virtue hereof, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Date and Execution of the said Award, publick Notice having been given in the Parish Church of East Hendred aforesaid, on some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, for that Purpose; which Notice che said Commissioners are hereby required to give or cauie to be given and published, within One Calendar Month or sooner, if conveniently may be, after the Execution

4 of

For making a Com pm faiion to the Occupiers for leaving Lands plant* ed with Saintfoin.

Tree?,

to belong u) former Proprietors.

Allotments to be accepted within a Time limited.

772

Guardians, life, to accept.

V

Non-claim

of Guardiani,

bfe. not to

prejudice

Claims.

-> 1

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

the said Award; and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect orre-fuse to accept his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments within the Time before limited for that Purpose, then from and after such Nrg-lect or Refusal it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint a Bailiff or Receiver of the Rents and Profits of such Allotment or Allotments, with such Salary for his Pains and Labour therein as they in their Discretion shall think fit, who shall have Power to enter into and upon such Allotment or Allotments, and to receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof, and shall apply the fame in managing the said Premises, and in discharging the said Salary, and all other Costs and Charges incident to or in consequence of such Neglect or Refusal, and shall continue in such Office until such Allotment or Allotments shall be accepted, and shall then pay to the Person or Persons entitlrd to and accepting such Allotment or Allotments, the Surplus of such Rents and Profits.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Guardians, Husbands, Trustees, Comminees, or Atiormts, or Persons acting as Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornirs, of or for any Person or Persons being Minors, Femes Covert, l.unatiiks, or otherwise incapable of accepting such Allotments, and they are hereby enabled and required to accept and take such Allotments respectively, for and to the Use of the said Minors, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, or other Persons incapacitated as aforesaid; and also, that any Person or Persons entitled to any Allotment or Allotments, as Tenant or Tenants for Life or Lives in Possession, shall be, and is and are hereby enabled to accept and take such Allotment or Allotments j and also, that any Person or Persons entitled to any Allotment or Allotments in Reversion or Remainder, after any precedent particular Estate, upon the Neglect or Refpfal, by the Space of Six Calendar Months, of any Person or Per-foos entitled to such precedent particular Estate, shall be, and is and are hereby enabled to accept of any such Allotment or Allotments in the Room or Stead of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing; and every such Acceptance shall be and is hereby declared to be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIX. Provided always, That the Non-claim or Non-acceptance of any such Guardian, Husband, Trustee, Committee, or Attorney, or of any other Person acting as Guardian, Trustee, Committee, or Attorney, shall not exclude or any ways prejudice the Right of any Infant, Lunatick, Feme Covert, or any other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, who shall claim and accept his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, within Six Calendar Months next after his, her, or their Disability or Incapacity shall be removed, or the Right of any Person or Persons entitled as Heir or in Remainder or Reversion after the Death of any Person or Persons dying under such Disability or Incapacity who shall claim and accept within Three Calendar Months next after his, her, or their Title to Possession shall defeend or accrue, or be known to have defeended or accrued,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 773

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such of Tenants for the said Proprietors who are only Tenants for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on One or more Life or Lives, and to and for the Lealei. Trustee or Trustees of any School or Charity Lands, by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners, to grant any Lease or Leases, to any Person or Persons, of the Lands so to be allotted to them, or any Part or Parts thereof, either with or without any of the Farm Houses, Hpme-closes, and Homesteads, with the Appurtenances, in the said Part of the said Parish of East Hendred called Westmanfide, or in the said Parish of East Hendred, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, so that the fame do commence in Possession and not in Keversion; and so as upon every such Lease or Leases there be reserved and made payable, during the Continuance thereof respectively, the best and mod improved Yearly Rent or Rents, or other Consideration, that can be reasonably had or obtained for the fame, without taking any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Fine or Gifc for or in respect of such Lease or Leases; and so as no Lessee or Lessees have thereby Power to commit Walk; and so as in every such Lease or Leases there be contained a Clause of Re-entry on Non-payment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved; and so as such Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved, be made payable to the Person or Persons granting such Lease or Leases, and the several other Persons who in Succession may be entitled to the fame Premises.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may Commission-be after the said Commissioners shall have completed the Division and cr,l° m,*e* Allotments of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, an Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, so intended to be divided, allotted, and laid in Severalty as aforesaid, pursuant to the Directions of this ACi, they the said Commissioners shall form and draw up, or cause to be formed and drawn up, an Award or instrument in Writing, which shall express the Quantity in Statute Mcalure of Acres, Roods, and Perches, contained in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, and the Quantity and Contents of each and every Part and Parcel thereof assigned, allotted, or given in Exchange to and for each of the Proprietors of and Parties entitled to the fame, and a Description of the Situation, Buttals, and Boundaries of the fame Parcels and Allotments respectively, and proper Orders and Directions for fencing and mounding such Part thereof, as by virtue of this Act may thenafeer be inclosed and mounded, and for keeping such Mounds and Fences in Repair, and for laying out proper Roads,

Drittways, and other Ways, Foot-paths, and Passages, in, by, through, and over the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and allotted, and shall also express and contain such other Orders,

Rul es, Regulations, and Determinations of the said Commissioners, as shall be proper and necessary to be inferred therein, conformably to the Intent and Purport of this Act; which said Award or instrument shall be fairly ingrafted or written on Parchment, and read over in the Presence of the Proprietors who may attend at a Special Meeting to be held for that Purpose (of which Ten Days Notice shall be given in the Newspaper called The Reading Mercury) and shall be executed by the [£«. 6? Per.] 9 K said

774-

Ar Extract of Award and Elan of Aliomencs to His Majesty to be made and tran smitted to I.and Revenue Ol-6ce.

Separate Allotments to be made for Lands

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

said Commissioners at such Meeting, which Execution shall be proclaimed the next Sunday in the Farish Church of East Hendred, from which Time only the said Award shall be considered as complete; and the said Award shall, within Six Calendar Months after the same shall be so executed by the said Commissioners, or as soon after as conveniently may be, be inrolled in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at tVejimmJler, or with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Berks, to the End that all Persons interested in the said intended Division and Allotment may have recourse to and inspect or peruse the fame; for which Inspection or Perusal the Sum of One Shilling and no more shall be paid; and a true Copy thereof, or of any Parc thereof, or of any Schedule or other Thing to be annexed thereto in ptirfuance of this Act, when and as often as the lame shall be required, shall be made and delivered to any Person or Persons so interested, signed by the proper Officer of the Court whtrein the same shall be inrolled, or by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Berks, or his Deputy, purporting the same to be a true Copy, for which no more than Two-pence per Sheet, reckoning Seventy-two Words to each Sheet, shall be paid; which said original Award, or a Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, or of any such annexed Schedule or Thing, signed as aforesaid, shall at all Times be admitted as legal Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and the several Divisions and Allotments to be made in and by such Award or Infttument so executed and inrolled as aforesaid, shall be and are htreby declared to be final, binding, and conclusive, to and upon all and every the Parties interested in and entitled to the several and respective Lands and Grounds so intended to be divided, allotted, and laid in Severalty as aforesaid; and that the said original Award, and every such Schedule and Thing annexed thereto, after the same shall have been so inrolled, shall be deposited in the Chestor Box for keeping Writings in the Parish Church of East Hendred aforesaid, if any such there be and if there be none, then in fonie Chest or Box to be there provided and kept for that Purpose, in order that the Persons interested in such Award may have the Perusal and Use thereof whenever Occasion shall require.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall hnd they are hereby required to make an Extract on Parchment, under their Hands and Seals, of so much of their General Award herein-before directed to be made as shall contain an accurate Description of the Allotment or Allotments so to be made to His Majesty, or His said Lessee or Lessees, together with such Regulations or Provisions relative to the said Allotment or Allotments, or to any other Rights or Interests of His Majesty, or His Lessee or Lessees, as may be contained in such Award, and also a Map or Plan of such Allotment or Allotments, and transmit the same to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue for the Time being, within Six Calendar Months after the making and executing the said Award, to be by him filed and kept among the Muniments of his Office.

XL.III. And be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall hold their laid respective Lands

or

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

or Hereditaments;by different Tenures, or for different Estates, or under different Titles, the said Commissioners shall, upon the Request of such respective Proprietors, in Writing under their Hands, ascertain and diuingtaifc the Lands or other Hereditaments held by each of such Tenures for each of such Effaces, and under each of such Titles respectively, and shall accordingly, in their said Award, set out and distinguish distinct and several Allotments for such respective Lands or other Hereditaments 5 apd where, from the Want of the necessary Information before the said Commissioners, or from any other Cause, their Award shall omit diferiminating, as herein-before is required, such different Titles, different Effaces, and different Tenures, and after making of the said Award, Request shall be made to the said Commissioners by any Person or Persons interested, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to have such Omission supplied by a separate Instrument, then and in every fych Cafe the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to do every Thing necessaFy for supplying such Omission, and so far as that Purpose shall require, to examine Witnesses, and in every other Respect to proceed and aft as if the Award had not been made; and when they shall have obtained what they think sufficient information, are hereby also authorized, by any Deed under their Hands and Seals, CO ascertain and distinguish the Difference of Tenures, Effaces, and Titles respectivrly, and accordingly to make distinct and leve al Allotments, in the same Manner as is hereby rtquired where such Discrimination should be contained in the said Award; and every such separate Instrument shall have the fame Effect as if it was contained in the said Award; and the fame Supplemental Instrument shall be delivered to the Person or Persons upon whose Request the said Omission shall have been supplied, or to the Person or Persons to whom the t uflody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title of the Premilrs in Question, shall in the Opinion of the Commissioners mod properly belong for the Time being; and all Expences which shall be real'on-sbly incurred in or about any such Supplemental Instrument as afore-<f»id, shall be payable by the Person or Persons who shall have so requested the said Commissioners as aforesaid, his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators.

XLIV. And whereas several of the Owners or Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds by this Act intended tu be divided, allotted, and laid so Severalty as aforesaid, have redeemed or purchased the Land Tax charged on their respective Estates, under the Authority and in the Manner d.irested by an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign for that Purpose; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, and required, in and by their said Award, to ascertain, disting.uifh, and describe what Part and Parts of the said Lands and Grounds, so to be allotted and awarded to the respective Proprietors, are so exonerated and discharged from the Payment of the Land Tax as aforesaid.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to enter in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, an Account of all Monies whatever received by them

6 under

775

held by different Te- nurei.

Commission-to dtrttr. guish n their Award the Landi exonerated from Land Tax.

Book of Accounts to be left with the Clerk for the

7?6 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

fn Meftlon* un^cr the Powers and Provisions of this Act, during the Progress of the ‘ Division and Allotment, and also of all Charges, Expences, and Dif-

burfements which shall accrue or be made by virtue of this Act, and in carrying the fame into Execution; which Book of Accounts shall be kept at the Office of the Solicitor to the said Division and Allotment, open at all reasonable Times during the Progress of the said inclosure, and till all the Accounts are finally settled, for the Inspection of any of the Proprietors, without Fee or Reward; and in case the said Commissioners or the said Solicitor shall neglect to provide and keep such Book of Account as aforesaid, or refuse the Inspection thereof to any of the Proprietors at reasonable Times in Manner before mentioned, and shall be convicted thereof upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses not interested in the intended Division and Allotment, before any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Berks, or of such other County or Place where such Commissioners or Solicitor so offending shall be or reside, every such Commissioner or Solicitor so causing such Neglect or Refusal, and convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds, and ifhe or they shall make Default in paying such Sum for the Space of Ten Days next after such Conviction, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parrties so offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant) and the Overplus, after such Penalty and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are dcdufted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and the Money arising by such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be paid and applied to or to the Use of such Proprietor or Person interested making the Complaint.

Monies received, when amounting to Fifty Pounds, to be put in a Barker's

1u.b other Person as be approved by a 4Wajority »n Value of the Proprietors.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to be raised and received under and by virtue of the Powers of this Act, during the Progress of the intended Division and Allotment, shall, from Time to Time, as often as the same shall amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, be paid and deposited in the Hands of some Banker, or such other Person or Persons as shall be approved of by a Majority in Value of the Proprietors who shall, by themselves or their known Steward or Agent, be present at the First Meeting of the said Commissioners, and in the Notice of which Meeting shall be expressed the Intention of then appointing such Banker, or such other Person or Persons; and no such Monies deposited or paid into the Hands of such Banker, or other Person or Persons, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be issued or paid by him or them without an Order in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, specifying the Person or Persons to whom the same are respectively payable, and the Service or Consideration for which the same are dues and that the Balance {if any) upon the final Settlement of all Accounts in anywise concerning the Business of the said intended Division and Allotment, shall (except as herein-after mentioned) be immediately paid to the several Proprietors or Persons interested, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Intcrefb in and to the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or in Proportion to the Sums of Money paid by them as aforesaid, as the Case may be.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 777

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if a^v Fordifpofing Surplus shall remain of the Money to be raised by Sale of Land as aforesaid, and any Share or Proportion thereof as aforesaid shall belong to of the Money any Corporation, Feme Coverr, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under raised for any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall p»ving the amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Corporation, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Coure shall authorize to be paid, affecting the Estates in respect of which such Surplus Money shall be paid, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

(landing settled therewith, to such or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Ellate in respect of which such Surplus Money shall be paid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Account-General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made; but if any Money to be paid shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Eftacc, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee, or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trtiftees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties)

\_Loc. Gf Per.) 9 L in

778

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may he applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery; and where such Money so to be paid as next before mentioned shall be lei's than 1 wenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Estate in respect of which the same shall be paid, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit; in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Persons ag-

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons appeal t<r*he shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing Quarter done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such

Sessions. Cafe (except in such Cases where the Orders, Determinations, or

Award of the said Commissioners are or is directed to be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties) he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden. for the said County of Berks within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; and the Justices, in their said General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order and Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Determinations of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of H is Majesty's Court of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

V 1 1Y Anri hr* if fiirtlipp That nnfhinty in fliie A rf rnn_

Manors. the said Lords of the respective Manors, called The Kings Manor, The

Manor of Framptons, The Manor of Arches, and New College Manor, herein-before mentioned, or any future Lord or Lords thereof reflectively, of, in, or to the Seigniories and Royalties incident or belonging to the said Manors, but that the said respective Lords of the said Manors for the Time being shall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, have, hold, receive, and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, and Profits of Courts, and all other Rights, Royalties, and Privileges to the said respective Manors incident, appendant, belonging, or appertaining (other than and except such Common of Pasture, Right of Common, Right of Soil, and other Property, as is or are meant or intended to be barred by this Act) in as full, large, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as he or they might or ought to have held or enjoyed the fame before the passing of this Act, or in case the fame had not been made.

L. Saving

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 779

L. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies SavinE* Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Estate, Right, Title, andlnterest (other than such as are intended to be barred and destroyed by virtue of this Act), as they, or any of them, had and enjoyed into or out of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and laid in Severalty, at any Time before the passing of this Act, or could or ought to have had, in case this Act had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

LI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 49.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Dumfries to Moffat, and from Grateney by Annan y Dumfries, and Sanquhar, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and several other Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Kirkcudbright.

[20th ffune 1801.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Dumfries by JE Bridge to Moffat in the County of Dumfries; and by another Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Grateney by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar in the County of Dumfries, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and the Road from Corfenarget to Wanlockhead in the said County of Dumfries, certain Trustees were appointed for making and repairing the Roads in the aforesaid two Acts mentioned; and great Progress has since been made in making and repairing the said Roads, and large Sums of Money have been borrowed for that Purpose, and are (till owing upon the Credit of the Tolls leviable by the said Acts; but the said Roads cannot be kept in Repair unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts be continued and enlarged, and the said Two Roads put under One Trull; that it would be of great Advantage to the Public if the following Roads were also made and repaired under proper Regulations,

viz. a Branch of Road leading from the Eall End of the Town of Annan [Lee. its Per.} 9 M through.

7-82

Acts 28 and 29 Geo. III. repealed.

Trustcci.

Penalty on acting as a Trustee if not qualified.

Trustees to repair Road between

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

through Annan Common and Stapleton by the Bridge over the Water of Kirktle at Beltenmont, or by a new Bridge to be built over the Water of Kirktle, and to join the Turnpike Road from Grateney to Moffat; another Branch of Road to strike off to the East of the Village of Dornock by Woodhall and Stapleton through Annan Common, to join the Road from Annan to Langholm; another Branch of Road from Thornhill by Pcnpont and Minyhive to the Confines of the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright; another Branch of Road to strike off to (he West of Carron Bridge, and from thence to the Confines of the County of Lanark towards Elvanfoot; and another Branch of Road to strike off the Road at Mcnnock Toll-Bar by Wanlockhead to the Confines of the County of Lanark, were repaired, and Powers granted for repairing and keeping in Repair the said several Roads, but the fame cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said two Acts shall, from and after the Fourth Day of June One Thousand Eight Hundred and One, be repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That every Person who is at present, or who shall be at any Time after the Commencement of this Act, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment as Proprietor or Liferenter of Lands lying in the County of Dumfries, valued in the Tax-Roll of the said County at One Hundred Pounds Scots, or upwards, or in their Absence a Factor on their Estate in the said County for the Time being, and all and every the eldest Sons of such Proprietors and Liferenters, and the Provosts of the Royal Burghs of Dumfries, Annan, Lochmaben, and Sanquhar, for the Time being, or in their Absence the next senior Magistrate for the Time being for the said Royal Burghs of the said County, and the Lessees of the Mines of Wanlockhead for the Time bang, shall be,'and they are hereby appointed Trustees for surveying, repairing, and ordering or keeping in Repair, the Roads in the Two recited Adti and in this Act mentioned and described, and for repairing the Bridges on the said several Roads, or erecting new ones whefe the same shall be necessary, and putting in Execution all the Powers in and by this Act given and granted.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person not qualified,

or described, or named as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume tb act as a Trustee, every such Person shall, for every such acting, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling over and above the Expence of Prosecution, which Penalty shall be recovered by Complaint in a Summary Way at the Suit of any Heritor within the said County, before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriff Depute of the County or his Substitute, and shall be paid to the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or to their Clerk or Treasurer, and in case any such Complaint shall be brought, the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Defendant. IV.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall be bound to uphold and keep in suitable Repair, out of the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, both the Old and New Lines of Road leading from the Burgh

of

, 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 49. 783

of Dumfries to the Burgh of Annan \ and that in case the Trustees named Dumfries and and appointed by an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of Annan.

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening feve-rat Roads in the County of Dumfries, to continue in Force until the First Day of May One Thousand Eight Hundred and Nineteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money, and applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the said County, shall repair and keep in thorough good Order and Repair that Part of the said Branch of Road leading from the Town of Dumfries to Moffat, lying between the said Town of Dumfries and Amisfield Burn, no Turnpike Bar shall be erected thereon nearer to the said Town of Dumfries than the North-East End of the Bridge over the Water of Locher.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or Trustees may more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall and may ered, or ercftTum-cause to be erected, a Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, on or across any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and also may ered or build such Num- u her of Toll Houses as they or any Five or more of them, at a General Meeting act’embled, shall or may think fit, in or upon the fame, and to demand and take the Tolls and Duties following before any Coach or other Carriage, Horse or other Cattle, shall be permitted to pals through any or each of the several Gates or Turnpikes to be erected in virtue of this Act; that is to say,

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, C.haife, Calash, or Hearse, Tolls, drawn by Six Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling.

For every' Chaise, Chair, Curricle, or other Machine of that Description, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling.

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, drawn by Six Horses,

Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence Sterling and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence Sterling.

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence Sterling.

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Eight-pence Sterling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or left Number.

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Four-pence Sterling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

784

Exception,

Tolls vetted in Trustees.

Tni flees may erect Side-Gates.

41° GEORGII hi. Cap. 49.

VI. Provided always, That every Carriage drawn on Wheels, of the Breadth of Nine Inches in the Tread or Fellies, and the Hind Wheels rolling in a different Track from the Fore Wheels, shall pass through all the Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, on Payment of One-half of the Tolls or Duties before specified.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to be raised and col-le£led on the said Roads shall, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the said Trustees, and the fame and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, and assigned to and for the several Uses and Purposes by this Act directed, and to no other Purpose whatsoever, the reasonable Charges expended, or that shall be paid in and about, or by reason of passing this Act, being first deducted and paid in Manner hereinafter mentioned; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall from Time to Time nominate and appoint, to demand and take the respective Tolls or Duties herein before granted and made payable; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or reful'e to pay the same, or any Part thereof, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered by themselves, or such other Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall authorise and appoint for that Purpose, to levy the said Tolls and Duties by Distress of any Florfe or Horses, or any Cattle or Carriages, upon which such Tolls or Duties are by this Act imposed, and to keep such Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, so distrained, until the said Tolls or Duties, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress, shall be paid; but in case the same shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days after such Distress shall be made and taken, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so distraining after the said Space of Four Days, to appraise and fell the Things so distrained by Public Roup at the Turnpike or Toll House where the Toll ought to have been paid, returning the Overplus on Demand (if any be) to the Proprietors of such Things so distrained, after deducting such Tolls or Duties, and the reasonable Charges of distraining, appraising, keeping, and felling the same.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to erect, or cause to be erected. One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, hereby directed or intended to be made and repaired, and across any Lane or Way leading out of the fame; and also a Toll House, or Toll Houses, at each such Gate or Turnpike, and there to take or receive such Tolls or Duties as are by this Act granted and made payable, but so as that a Ticket received at any such Side-Gate shall entitle the Receiver thereof to pass through the next Gate or Turnpike, on or across the said Road, within Six Miles of such Side-Gate, on the same Day, Toll-free; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them to build Fences, and suppress any Bye-Roads that do not appear to be of Importance to the Public, to prevent any Person or Persons travelling the Roads hereby directed to be repaired, from avoiding the Payment of any Tolls or Duties granted by this Act: Provided always, that if any Side-Gate shall, after Two Years Trial, be found not to produce more than Five Pounds Sterling over and above the Expence of collecting

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 49. 7P5

the fame; that then and in that Cafe such Side-Gate shall be removed or discontinued; and provided that no Person shall be subject to the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby granted, for or on Account of eroding any Part of the Paid Roads, who shall not have travelled thereon more titan Two Hundred Yards.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Produce of the Tolls or Duties Application arising upon the said Roads, dull be applied by the said Trullees (after dc- o{ Tolls, dueling tlte Charges of Management, and the Expence of obtaining this Act)

towards altering, amending, repairing, and upholding the fame, or to the repairing and building New Bridges thereupon, where the same shall be found needfary, and to no other Purpose whatever.

X. And be it enacted, That the Right and Property of all and every of Turnpikes the Gates or Turnpikes, and 'loll Houses which dull be erected and built

upon or on the Sides of the said Roads, by virtue of this Act, dtall be vested in the said Trullees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered from Time to Time to dispose thereof, as they shall think proper, and to bring Actions or prefer Bills of Indictment in their Names, or in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks,

Treasurer or Treasurers, for the Time being, against any Person or Persons who shall Ileal, take away, break down, or spoil such Gates or Turnpikes, or Toll Houses, or any of them, so to be erected and built as aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Trullees, or any Trullees m?y Five or more of them, at any of their General Meetings, may, and they ed the are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to order and Tolls, See. direct the Tolls and Duties hereby granted and nude payable, to be col-

leded, received, and taken in such Parts and Portions, under the Reductions herein-before mentioned, and also to lessen and reduce the fame from Time to Time as they shall think fit; and may also from Time to Time raise the said Tolls and Duties again, so as not to exceed the Tolls or Duties herein-before granted, but no such Redridion or Alteration shall take place, unless public Notice thereof be given by Advertisement Two several Days in One of the Edinburgh or Dumfries Newspapers, Thirty Days before such General Meeting.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons Toll* to be

having paid the Tolls or Duties herein-before granted, or lessened or re* paid but once duced as aforesaid, at any of the said Gates or Turnpikes, shall on the " ’

fame Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve

of the Clock in the succeeding Night) be subject or liable to pay the said Tolls or Duties again, at the fame Gate or Turnpike, for the fame Coach,

Berlin, Chariot, Landau, Calash, Chaise, Chair, Hearse, Waggon, Wain,

Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Sort of Cattle, for which such Tolls or Duties shall have been paid; provided un]e(-s retura. nevertheless that Carriages of all Sorts, and all Horses, and other Beads of ing with a Burthen, pading or returning on the same Day with a new Loading, shall new Load-be subject to the Payment of the Tolls or Duties each Time of pading or lnS-returning through any of the Gates or Turnpikes with such new Loading,

[Loc. $3* Per-2 9 N excepting

786

Exemptions from Toils.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

excepting Carriages laden with Lime, Marie, or other Manure, or with Coals, which shall only pay once a Day.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Person shall be liable to pay any Toll or Duty at any of the Gates or Turnpikes, to be erected by virtue of this Act, for any Carriages loaden with or going empty for, or returning empty, after having been loaden with any Stone, Brick, Lime, Timber, Wood, or other Materials for building Bridges on the said Roads, or for repairing or amending the said Roads or any of the Highways or Roads, private as well as public, in the Parishes through which the Roads directed to be repaired by this Act lead; or with any Dung, Mould, or Compost, to be laid upon any Lands within any of the Parishes through which the said Roads lead; or for any Implements of Husbandry, or for any Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, carrying any Hay, or Com in the Straw, or other Crop oft' the Fields to be laid up in the Houses, Out-Houses, Barns, Yards, or other Places, of or belonging to the respective Inhabitants of the several Parishes through which the Roads hereby intended to be repaired lead (without Prejudice, nevertheless, to the said Toll or Duty being paid for the said Commodities when carried for Sale along the fame); nor shall any of the Tolls and Duties aforesaid be demanded from any Person or Persons residing in the said Parishes in which the Roads hereby directed to be repaired do lie, who shall pass through the said Gates or Turnpikes to or from Church, Chapel, or ether Place of Religious Worship on Sundays, or any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor shall any of the Tolls or Duties aforesaid be demanded at any of the said Gates or Turnpikes for any Horses or Carriages loaded with Peat or Turf for Fuel; nor for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Cattle belonging to the Inhabitants of any Parish through which the said Roads lead or any adjacent Parish, which shall be going to or returning from any Pasture or Watering Place; or for any Horses or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Ex-prefles, under the Authority of His Majesty's Poll Mailer General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor shall any Toll or Duty be demanded or taken for the Horses or Carriages of Officers or Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any sick, wounded, or.disabled Officers or Soldiers, nor for Horses, Carts, or other Carriages travelling with Vagrants, font by legal Pafles, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding: Provided always, That the Exemption of Persons travelling through the Turnpikes on Sunday in their Way to or from a Place of Religious Worship, shall be construed in favour of Persons travelling to or from the Church, Chapel, or Place of Religious Worship of the Parish where such Persons reside, only: And provided also, That no Tolls or Dues shall be exacted or taken from any Person or Persons passing through the Turnpikes in attending the Funeral of any Person w ho shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes through which the Roads directed to be repaired by this Act run, provided such Person is buried in the Parish where he or flic died; and if any Per-

787

- 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Ton dull claim or take the Benefit of any of the aforesaid Exemptions, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person shall for every fitch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor lei's than Twenty Shillings.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons owning, renting, Penalty on or occupying any Lands or other Premises, shall knowingly and willingly Pe kns per-permit and fuft'er any Person or Persons to pass over the lame, or through ^paiiag" any Gate, Passage, or Way, with any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin,

Calalh, Chaise, Chair, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Carriage, Horse,

Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, or any other Carriage or Cattle, or shall open any new Road whereby the Payment of the Tolls or Duties by this Act granted shall be avoided, every Person lo offending, and the Person or Persons riding in, driving, or owning such Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calalh, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Carriage, or Cattle, or riding, leading, or driving any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall (abject any Person to any Penalty or Forfeiture for opening any such new Road with the Consent of the Juf-ticcs of the Peace of the said County, obtained upon Application being made to them for that Purpose at their General Quarter Sessions.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if ar.v Person or Persons shall unload Penalty for or cause to be unladen any Sort of Goods or Merchandize, at or before

the fame shall come to, or after the same shall have passed through any of the said Gates or Turnpikes; or shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse or Horses or other Beasts of Draught from any Coach, Chariot,

Berlin, Landau, Chaise, Calalh, Chair, Hearse, or Litter, or from any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, at or before the same shall come to any of the said Gates or Turnpikes, with Intent to avoid paying all or any Part of the Tolls or Duties hereby granted; or shall conceal or secrete any Goods or other Things chargeable with the Tolls or Duties aforesaid, each and every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of the Tolls and Penalty on Duties shall fell or fraudulently dispose of any Notes or Tickets to any Collectors or Person or Persons, or if any Person having a Note or Ticket dignifying the '

Payment of any of the said Tolls or Duties, shall give or dispose of such Ticket's^ Note or Ticket to any other Person, in order to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls or Duties or any Part thereof, every such Collector or other Person so felling, giving, or disposing of such Notes or Tickets, and the Person receiving the fame, shall respectively forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling.

XVn. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall assault any Col- Penalty on lector of the said Tolls or Duties, or by Force pass through any of the said Suiting Gates or Turnpikes without paying the Tolls or Duties which such Per- or3’ son ought to pay, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and ing through'

pay Gates.

788 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings Sterling, and which shall and may be awarded against such Offender by Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, on a Complaint made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer.

Pum filing

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any of the Keepers or Tacksmen of the ei-s fallmeTii Turnpike Gates erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or to be erected their Duty, by virtue of this Act, shall fail in the due Performance of their Duty, or shall neglect to give constant Attendance at all Hours, and a free and ready Pal-sage to all Persons and Carriages on Payment offered of the Toll, it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, and they are hereby required on satisfactory Proof given, to levy from each Toll-keeper so offending in all or any of the said Particulars, such a Sum at to them shall appear reasonable, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence.

Tolls may be

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to let the said Tolls or Duties in Whole, or by Parcels, from Time to Time during the Continuance of this Act, by Way of Public Roup, for the belt Rent that can be got for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall give such sufficient Security for the Payment of such Rent as shall be approved of by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, provided that no Lease of such Tolls or Duties be made for any longer Term than One Year at any One Time, unless authorized by a General Meeting to let the fame for Three Years at One Time, and no longer.

Tor appoint-

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or ing Officers, more of them, shall and may from Time to Time, chuse and appoint one or more fit Person or Persons to be Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls and Duties aforesaid, and such other Officer or Officers as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think necessary; and also One or more fit Person or Persons to be Overseer or Overseers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, to view the Condition thereof, and to see that the fame is properly repaired, and also that the Money to be raffed by virtue of this Act is duly applied j and shall from Time to Time remove such Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Overseers, or Surveyors, or other Officers, or any of them, and appoint new ones as they shall see Occasion; and all Persons hereby made liable to pay the said Tolls or Duties, shall pay the same to such Collector or Collectors as shall from Time to Time be appointed to receive the same; and the Person or Persons so appointed to collect and receive the said Tolls and Duties as aforesaid, shall upon Oath before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County of Dumfries, on the First Wednesday in every Month, or oftener if required, during the Continuance of this Act, give into the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing, under their respectm Hands, with the Vouchers thereof, of all Monies which he, ffie, and they shall to such Time have received, paid, and disbursed by virtue of this Act, or by reason of their respective Offices; and in case any Money so received shall remain in his,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 49. 789

her, or their Hands, the same shall be paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, and shall be laid out and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case such Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls or Dirties shall not give and make such Account and Payment as aforesaid, that then any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Dumfries shall and may make Enquiry of and concerning such Default as aforesaid, in a summary Way, as well by Confession of the Parties themselves, as by Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; and if any Person or Persons shall be thereof convicted by such Justices, they shall upon Conviction, either issueftheir Warrant for Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Defaulters in a summary Manner, by appraising them at the Spot where found, or may commit the Party or Parties to the Common Gaol of the said County of Dumfries, therein to remain tilUie, she, or they shall have made a perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or shall have compounded and agreed for the fame with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and have paid such Composition to their Treasurer or Treasurers; which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting assembled in pursuance of this Act, are hereby authorised and empowered to make and receive.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or And alW-more of them, shall and may out of the Monies arising from the said Tolls ing them and Duties, make such Allowance to their Treasurer or Treasurers, Col- Salaries-lector or Collectors, Overseer, or Overseers, Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, or other Officer or Officers to be appointed as aforesaid, for aftd in Consideration of his or their Care and Pains respectively taken in the Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, and also to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting in and about procuring the said Roads to be amended and repaired, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall think proper; and the said Trustees are hereby required to take such Security from their Treasurer or Treasurers, and Collector or Collectors, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think proper.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of victuallers

holding any Place of Profit under this Act, who shall fell Wine, Ale, not to hold Beer, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail. plaij" ol"

XXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Surveyors Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint may

for that Purpose, to dig, gather, and carry away any Gravel, F’urze, Heath, <"’ravt*’ &c-Sand, or other Materials, and to quarry Stones out of the several Grounds of any Person or Persons (not being the Ground whereon the principal Mansion House of the Proprietor of the Lands stands, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to such House, or within Two Hundred Yards of such House,) where such Materials are or may be found, as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall judge necessary for the repairing and amending the said Roads, and building Bridges thereon, on paying such Sum or Sums of Money for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers respectively, of the Ground where and from whence the same shall be digged, quarried, gathered, or carried away, or over [_Loc. Is* Per.\ 9 Q which

790

Notice to be given to Occupiers of Lands before Materials are taken for repairing the Roads, and for building and repairing Bridges,

Surreyors to make Cause-*Way&, Drains, &c.

and widen the Roads.

+i- GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

which the same shall be carried, as the said Trustees, or any ‘Five or more of them shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference concerning the same between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Trustees, touching such Damages as aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace, at their then next General (Hiarter Sessions, or at the Second General Quarter Sessions at the farthest, to be holden in and for the said County of Dumfries, or the Major Part of them, shall and may adjudge, assess, and finally determine the fame, and order the same to be paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, for the Time being, out of the Money arising by the said Tolls or Duties; but such Difference or Dispute shall not in the mean Time hinder the digging and carrying off the said Materials, and applying them towards repairing the said Roads, and building Bridges thereon.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away, Materials for making or repairing the said Roads from any inclosed Lands cr Grounds, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or Two Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Dumfries, or Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to iliew Cause why such Materials should not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justices, shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Persons to dig, gather, take, and carry away, such Materials at such Time or Times as to such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Justices, shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, unless for some reasonable Excuse, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and for such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five of-more of them shall appoint, to make, or cause to be made, causeways, and to cut and make Ditches and Drains through any Ground lying contiguous to the said Roads, and to make or erect Bridges or Arches of Brick; Stone, or Timber, upon the said Roads, and to erect Toll Houses on the Sides of the fame; and where any Part of the said Roads is not of a sufficient Breadth, according to the Rate and Standard established in Scotland, to widen and extend the Breadth of the said Roads to the legal Standard; - and where it shall appear necessary to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to alter the Course or Situation of the said Roads, or to widen the fame beyond the legal Standard, then the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, and they have hereby full Power, to alter the Course or Situation of the said Roads, or any Part thereof (the Old or Lower Line of Road from Gratemy to Dumfries, being always nevertheless kept up and repaired as beforemtfi-tioned), or to extend the same to such Breadth as they or any Five or more of them shall think proper, not exceeding Thirty Feet, exclusive of

Ditches,

79l

41° GEORGII III. Cap. a 9-

Ditches, and for that Purpose to pull down any House, the Side Walls whereof are not more than Twelve Feet high, provided that by such Alteration of the said Roads, the fame or any Part thereof be not brought nearer than Two Hundred Yards to the Mansion House or ordinary Reftdence of the Proprietor of the Lands through which such Roads shall be made, nor pass through any Garden, Orchard, Planted Walk, or Avenue to any House; and that the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall pay such Damages to the Owners and Occupiers respectively, of any Lands,

Grounds, or Houses, which shall be prejudiced or damaged by altering and widening the said Roads, or any Part thereof, beyond the legal Standard, or by pulling down any House or Houses, or by erecting Toll Houses on the Sides of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference concerning such Damages between such Owners and Occupiers and the said Trustees, then the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Dumfries, at their then next General (Quarter Sessions, or at their Second General Quarter Seffons thereafter, at farthest, or the Major Part of them shall and may adjudge, assess, and finally determine the fame, and order the same to be paid by the Treasureror Treasurers to the said Trustees for the Tims being, out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- ot Comper, fa-chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Pur- tlyn Money

~ 7 i j < When cx-

poses thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Liferents, 2ccl.

Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or I’ersons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds under the Direction and by flie Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect, and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being,

have

792 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchal'ed, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

If under

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so

20/ a"reetl or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchal'ed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their ref pc dive' Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereir.-before directed, as far as the Case be applicable.

Where under XXVIII. Providing also, and be it further enacted, That where such Mo-20/. Sterling. ney f0 agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Penalty on

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall destroying maliciously break down, pull up, or otherwise destroy, injure, or damage ^turnpikes, Gf the Gates or Turnpikes, or any Polls, Rails, Chains, Bars, or other Works, or any of the Toll Houses to be erected in pursuance of this Act, or shall refeue any Person being in C.ustody for any of the said Offences, every Person offending in any of the said Cases, and being thereof convicted on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Dumfries, shall not only be condemned to pay the whole Damages and F.x-pences fullained by such Trustees, but also be imprisoned for Six Weeks, or pay a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Forty Shillings Sterling: And if such Person or Persons shall be convicted as aforesaid a Second Time of the like Offence, it shall be lawful for the said Justices to adjudge such Person to be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or to pay a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds Sterling, besides paying the whole Damages and Expences sustained by the said Trustees.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or

more of them, shall, if they find it necessary, cause Weighing Engines to be erected upon such Parts of the said Roads as they shall think, lit, for weighing all Carriages which shall pass along the fame: And in case any Carriage drawn on Wheels of less Breadth than Nine Inches, shall be found to weigh more than Six Thousand Weight, the Owner of every such Carriage shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Hundred Weight, such Carriage shall weigh above Six Thousand Weight: And it shall be lawful for the Collector of the said Tolls or Duties to receive and take, over and above the usual Tolls, the said Penalty of Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Hundred Weight such Carriage shall weigh more than Six Thousand Weight: Or in

case any Carriage drawn on Wheels of Nine Inches, or of a greater Breadth than Nine Inches, shall be found to weigh more than Twelve Thousand Weight in Summer, or Ten Thousand Weight in Winter, it shall be lawful for the Collector of the said Tolls or Duties to receive and take, over and above the Ordinary Toll, the like Penalty of Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Hundred Weight such Carriage shall weigh more than Twelve Thousand Weight, or Ten Thousand Weight reflectively, before the fame respectively shall be permitted to pass through such Gate or Turnpike, and the same shall be applied as the other Penalties are by this Act: directed to be applied; and in case any Person or Persons shall hinder or obstruct the weighing of any such Carriage, as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings Sterling.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Drag Iron or other Instrument shall be affixed under the Bottom or Sole of the Wheel or Wheels of any Waggon, or other Carriage passing along the said Roads, to make the Passage of such Waggon or Carriage more safe down steep Hills, every such Drag Iron or other Instrument shall be fiat at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and shall not be of less Breadth than the Fellies of the Wheels under which the same shall be affixed, on pain of the Owner of every such Waggon or other Carriage forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling for every such Offence,

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Mill' or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn upon any Part of the said lianas, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone or other Thing wluffo’ever, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any 'free or Piece of Timber, or Stone or other Thing whatsoever, which shall be ednvey. d upon Wheel Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads,; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor lei's than Ten Shillings Sterling.

XXXIII. And be it Further enaided, that it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the County of Dumfries at any Time, or at either of their General Quarter Sessions to beholden in and for the said County, to appoint One or more fit Person or Persons to survey or view the said Roads,"

[Lee. & Per.~\ g P and

793

For eretting

Weighing

Engines.

Drag Irons to be of the fame Breadth with the Wheels.

Penalty on drawing Timber x»r

Stones ex-

CCpt (Ml - 1

Wheel Carriages.

Appointing Persons to inspect the Roads.

794-

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

and to enquire of and concerning the Application of the Monies to be collected, levied, or raised in pursuance of this Act; and in case i'uch Person or Persons so appointed shall find any Misapplication of such Monies, or any other Abuses of the Powers and Authorities hereby given, such Person or Persons shall thereupon certify the same to the said Justices of the Peace, at their next General Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorized and required to hear, examine into, and determine the fame; and all such Sum or Sums of Money, or other Satisfaction which the said Justices, at any Quarter Session to be holden as aforesaid, or the major Part of them then present, shall think fit to order and direct to be paid, shall by the Person or Persons guilty of such Misapplication, or of committing any such Abuses, be paid to the Treasureror Treasurers for the Time being, to the said Truf. tees, within Ten Days after such Determination of the said Justices, and Demand thereof made; and, in Default of such Payment, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, at their then next General Quarter Session, or the major Part of them then present, by their Warrant, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, returning the Overplus (if any be) after the Deduction of all such Sum or Sums of Money n hich ought to be paid as aforesaid, and allb the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons so neglecting to make such Payment or Satisfaction as aforesaid, and for Want of sufficient Distress to commit the Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Six Weeks, unless Payment or Satisfaction shall be sooner made.

Trustees may

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to act as Juf- and for such of the said Trustees as are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Dumfries, to act as Justices of the Peace in all such Cases, Matters, or Things, as shall be necessary for the more speedy and effectual putting in Execution the several Powers and Authorities in this Act mentioned and contained, except in such Cases only where they are personally interested.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That if any of the said Trustees shall accept of any Place of Profit under this Act, such Person or Persons shall be incapable of acting as a Trustee or Trustees from the Time of accepting and during the Enjoyment of such Place of Profit as aforesaid.

Trustees may

XXXVI. And for the more speedy and effectual Reparation of the said borrow Roads, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees,

f oney. or any jrjve or more of them, at any of their General Meetings assembled,

and they are hereby authorized and empowered at any Time or Times to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Seven Thousand Three Elundred and Eighty Pounds Sterling upon the Credit of the Tolls or Duties to be collected upon the said Roads, which Sum of Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid, shall be applied in the First Place towards Payment of the Expence of this Act, and the Remainder in such Shares and Proportions as’the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in a General Meeting assembled, shall determine and apportion, towards making and repairing the said Roads, building Bridges thereon, and

Trustees not to hold Places of Profit under this Act.

795

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

ni defraying all other Charges and Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and to no other Purpose or Use whatsoever.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That A« Creditor* if at any Time the principal Monies to be borrowed as aforesaid, or any pa'd fl Part thereof shall be paid oft’, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any horrew u"ore Five or more of them, from Time to Time, at any of their General Money. Meetings, to borrow again any Sum or Sums of Money in like Manner as aforesaid; so that the Whole of the Money which shall be due and owing

upon the Credit of the said Tolls or Duties to be collected upon the said Roads, do not exceed at any one Time the Original Sum herein before authorized to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls or Duties to be collected within the same.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more Trustees m«y of them, at any General Meeting assembled, may and they are hereby empow- t*'e ered to assign over the Whole or any Part of the Tolls or Duties by this Act ut*i" imposed and vested in them as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons from whom the Money shall be so borrowed as aforesaid, as a Security for Re-payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so lent by him or them, together with the Interest for the fame; and all such Assignments of the said Tolls and Duties shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, which said Book shall and may be seen and perused at all reasonable Times, by any Person or Persons interested therein, without Fee or Reward.

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Money shall For giving be borrowed by the said Trustees on the Credit of the said Tolls or Duties, Notice of if? after their First Meeting, unless Notice for that Purpose shall be published

Twice in one of the Edinburgh and one of the Dumfries Newspapers, at ncy. least Fourteen Days before the borrowing of such Money.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or For measur-more of them, at any of their Meetings, may cause the said Roads, or any ing the Road* Part thereof, to be measured, and Stones or Posts to be erected on the Sides thereof, with Inscriptions thereon, denoting the Distance of each Mile, or such other Distances as they shall judge convenient, from Dumfries, or any other Town or Place: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break. Penalty on destroy, damage, pull up, or remove any such Stones or Posts, or obliterate breaking > r or deface any letters or Figures that shall be made, inscribed, or put s

thereon, or shall break down the Cape Stones on the Ledges or Parapet 1

Walls erected on the Sides of any of the Bridges on the said Roads, and shall be thereof convicted before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, for the County of Dumfries, by the Oath or Confession of the Offender, or by the Oath of One or more Witness’es, every such Person so offending shall, besides making good the Damages, forfeit and pay the sum of Five Pounds Sterling for each Stone or Post so wilfully destroyed, damaged, pulled up, removed, obliterated, or defaced, or for every Cape Stone so broken down from the Ledges of the said Parapet Walls, to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties, are by this Act directed to be levied and recovered, and all such Forfeitures shall be applied One Moiety to the Informer, and the otiler Moiety in repairing the said Roads.

796 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Orders of

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Trustees, or any Five or to be alTcred more them, at any of their General Meeting shall detemtine any Matter unless at a or Ppint, and order any Thing to be done with respect to the amending General and repairing the said Roads, or levying the said Tolls or Duties, or other-Meeting for wjfe concerning the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in them, it shall t at urpo e. not be in the Power of any of the said Trustees, at any subsequent General Meeting, to alter, vary, or annul such Determination, or give any Orders contrary thereto, unless Notice of the Purpose of calling fitch General Meeting shall be given by an Advertisement, to be Twice published in One of the Edinburgh and Dumfries Newspapers Thirty Days before such subsequent General Meeting.

First Meeting

XLII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of AaTand the t^lern’ ^all hold their First Meeting, by virtue of this Act, within the Corn-Places and mon Court House of Dumfries in the County aforesaid, on the Sixteenth Days of the Day of June in the present Year One Thousand Eight Hundred Annual and One, or so. soon thereafter as conveniently may be, in con-eetmgs. sequence of an Advertisement to be published in the Edinburgh Evening Courant, and Dumfries Weekly Journal, by Direction from the Conveenor of the Commissioners Of Supply for the County of Dumfries, who is hereby authorized and required to give Notice of the First Meeting of the said Trustees, after this Act shall be delivered to him; and thereafter the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet annually at Eerle-fcchan on the Second Tuesday in May, and at Rrownhili on the First Tueflay of June, and pt Dumfries on the First Thursday in September, and at Annan on the First Friday in September, for the Purpose of making, repairing, and ordering the said Great Road from Gratertey by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, with the several Branches of Road* leading therefrom above mentioned; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any of their Meetings to be held in pyriuance of this Act, from Time to Time to adjourn themselves to such Times and Places as they may think proper and convenient, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act* in Execution: And if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting, or at any Adjourned Meeting which shall be appointed to be hricj by the said Trustees, a Quorum or sufficient Number of Trustees to act, it shall be in the Power of any One or more Trustees attending to adjourn the Meeting, to be held at the fame or any other convenient Place any lawful Day within Three Weeks thereafter, of which Adjournment Notice shall be given by the Clerk, by Atlvertifemerits in the Dumfries Weekly Journal, or One of the Edinburgh Newspapers, at least Ten Days previous to the Day of Meeting; and in'case no Tniftee shall have attended, the Clerk to the said Trustees, by Advertisement in the Dumfries Weekly Journal, or One of the Edinburgh Newspapers, at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, shall appoint the said Trustees to meet at the Place where the Meeting of the said Trustees was appointed to be held, or at some other convenient Place oh that Day Three Weeks, on which- such lait Meeting ‘of the said Tfufrees was appointed to be held; and the said Trustees, at their First‘and all their subsequent Meetings, shall defray their own Charges and Expences.

k "'pi"

XLIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the said Truf-

Ammal' ^' tees, or aity Five or more of them, at a General Annual Meeting assembled,

Meetings, 1°

797

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

to vary or alter the Days and Places of their Annual Meetings as they shall see proper; but no such Alteration shall take place unless the fame has been proposed at one General Meeting, and has the Sanction and Approbation of a second General Meeting.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or Power to more of them, at any of their General or Adjourned Meetings, shall have Power to choose Committees and Conveenors from among themselves, to Conveenors consist of such a Number as they may judge proper, to have the general to oversee the Oversight and Direction of the said great Line of Road, and the respective Roads Branches leading therefrom above mentioned; and to grant such Powers to these Committees as to such General or Adjourned Meetings may appear proper, the above Committees always reporting their Proceedings to the first General or Adjourned Meeting of the whole Trustees.

XLV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That at any of the Trustees may Three First Annual stated General Meetings of the said Trustees (the Pur- ^e°Pr'°"iice pofeof the said Meeting being specially announced by Public Advertisement in uf tjlc I’olK. the Dumfries Weekly Journal), it shall be lawful for them to direct the Tolls arising at the Turnpike or Toll Bars erected or to be erected on the said Roads, to be applied towards the making, repairing, and upholding, of the aforesaid Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; and as soon as the same shall be so adjusted, the Clerk of the said Trustees is hereby authorised and required to enter and record the fame in a Book to be kept for that Purpose: Provided always, That in all Time thereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall not be in the Power of the said Trustees, or of any Number of them, to vary or alter the final Determination or Allocation so made.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after Two Months To prevent from the Commencement of this Act, no Person or Persons whomsoever Nuiwnceton shall leave for any longer Time than shall be necessary till the fame can be the Road‘ removed, any dead Horse or other Carrion, or build any Wind Mills or Kilns for burning Bricks upon any of the said Roads, or within Twenty Yards of the Sides of any of the said Roads, or lay any Timber, Goods,

Dung, Lime, Soil, or Compost, Cart, Carriage, or Matter whatsoever, either for manuring Land or for any other Purpose, upon any of the said Roads, or within Five Yards of the Side of any Part of the said Roads, or in the Streets, Lanes, or Passages of the Burghs of Dumfries, Sanquhar, or Annan, or of the Villages of Springfield, Thornhill, Carron Bridge, Pen-font, Minybive, or Kirkconnell, or any other Villages through which the said Great Road or Branches thereof pass, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling; And further.

That all Signs, Sign Polls, and other Obstructions that shall be found to occasion Inconvenience to Passengers through the Streets, Lanes, or Passages of the said Burghs of Dumfries, Sanquhar, or Annan, or of the Villages of Springfield, Thornhill, Carron Bridge, Penpont, Minyhive, or Kirkconnell, or other Villages aforesaid, shall be removed by the Owners thereof,.or so altered as to remove any Cause of Complaint, under the like Penalty, not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for every such Offence, which said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be levied and recovered as any Penalty or Forfeiture by this Act directed to be levied and recovered, and shall be [Loc. (a Per.] 9 applied.

798

No Houses to be built within T wcnty-five Feet of the Centre of the Road.

No Trees to be planted within Twenty-five Feet of the Centre of the Road.

Hedges to be next the Fields.

Commencement and Continuance of the A&.

For Recovery and Application or Penalties.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

applied, one Moiety towards repairing and widening the Reads within the Dirt:rift where such Offence shall be committed, reserving to the ft'id burgh of Dumfries and their Commissioners of Police all the Rights and Privileges they already have within their Territory by existing Acts of Parliament.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons within the said County shall be allowed to build any House or Houses where there was no House before, within Twenty-five Feet from the Centre of any of the said Roads, excepting only on the narrow Streets within the said Royal Burghs, with Conferit of the Magistrates thereof, or the Villages of Springfield, 'Thornhill, Carron Bridge, Penpont, Minyhive, or Kirkconne/I, or other Villages aforesaid, with Consent of Three Justices of the Peace for the said County.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Trees shall in future be planted within Twenty-five Feet of the Centre of any of the said Roads, and where any Hedges or Trees are alongside any of the said Roads, it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to cause such Hedges to be cut in the proper Season, after Four Weeks Notice, at the Expence of the Owner of such Hedge, so that the Top thereof shall never be higher than Four Feet in perpendicular Height above the Level of the Centre of such Road, and so that none of it shall overhang the Road, and to cause the Branches of any Trees that shall overhang any of the said Roads to be lopped off in the proper Season, after Four Weeks Notice to the Proprietors of the same.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That where Fences shall be made in Time coming on the Sides of the said Roads, the Ditches and Hedges shall be on the Inside next the Field, and the plain Face of the Fence or Bank shall face the Road, proper Conduits being made in different Places for carrying the Water from the Road under the said Fence or Bank into the Ditch.

L. And be it enacted, That this Act, and all the Tolls or Duties and Powers hereby granted and given, shall commence and take Place from and after the Fourth Day of June in the present Year One Thousand Eight Hundred and One, and shall be in force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed), shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Dun fries, either by the Confeffton of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal "or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, (all which Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, and also to administer such Oaths gratis,) be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Defaulters, such Sale being always made by Public Roup and Auction to the highest Offeree at such Place as shall be

directed.

41° GEORGG-II III. Cap. 49. 799

directed by such Warrant or Warrants, within Seven Days Sfter such Distress shall have been made, and the Overplus (after such Penalties and Forfeitures and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted) shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Adh) shall from Time to Time be paid to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, and shall be laid out and applied in repairing the said Roads; and in case fuftir cient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall, not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required by Warrant at Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cailfe the respect five Defaulters to be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County of Dumfries, or the nearest Gaol within the said County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all real'onable Charges attending the fame, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if.any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Remedy or Method ^, 5. 'Q of Relief hath been already hereby directed or appointed, he, she, or they may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their.then next Quarter Sessions for the said County of Dumfries, or in case the C-ause of Complaint shall arise within Fifteen Days next before such Quarter Sessions, then such Appeal may be made to the said Justices at their Second Quarter Sessions for the said County, who are hereby authorized and required to lake Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and may at their Discretion, if they fee Cause, mitigate all or any of the Penalties, or Forfeitures, laid upon, or incurred by the Party or Parties complaining, or vacate or set aside the Conviction or Convictions, and set the Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, with such Cods as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to cause such Costs so awarded to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons liable to pay such C.ofts; and for Want of sufficient Distress to cause such Person or Persons to be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County of Dumfries for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Costs and the Charges attending the Recovery thereof shall be sooner paid: Provided also, That the Person or Persons so appealing do give Notice in Writing to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees of his or their Intention of bringing such Appeal, at least Fifteen Days before the Quarter Sessions at w'hich such Appeal is to be heard, and do also within Three Days after such Notice given, lodge in the Hands of the Clerks of the Justices of the Peace of the said County of Dumfries, a Bond executed by the Appellant and Two sufficient Sureties, obliging him to prosecute such Appeal, and in case such Appeal shall be disallowed to pay such Costs and Charges as the said Justices shall direct in that Behalf; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties.

Allowing an

8 oo

Limitation of Actions.

Trustees to enforce the Payment of Subscription Money.

[Public Act.]

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Actions for all and every the Penalties imposed by this Act, or by any Thing done in the Execution thereof, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fast was done or committed, and not afterwards.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who has or have subscribed towards making and repairing the Roads, by this Act intended to be made and repaired, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their Subscription Money, at such Time or Places as shall be appointed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sue for and recover the fame in any Court competent, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

smssjoi ah.-cij ,rt'- T Lift . , Hirwlb i Va.

LV. Provided nevertheless, That the Monies so subscribed and paid, shall be repaid out of the Monies allowed to be borrowed by Virtue of this Act, and out of the Monies arising from the Tolls and Dunes by this Act imposed, and until Repayment, the Monies advanced by the Subscribers shall be a Lien and preferable Charge upon the said Tolls and Duties.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

i

*»*e*

CaP- s°-

An Act to amend and widen the Roads leading from Staplecross in the Parish of Eivhurst to Hornscross in the Parish of Northiam; and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Brickwall-House in the Parish of Northiam; and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill in the Parish of Beckly; and also the Road from Staplecross aforesaid to Bodiam Bridge in the Parish of Bodiam, and from thence through the Parishes of Bodiam aforesaid and Salehurst, to the Turnpike Road at Silver-Hill in the said Parish of Salehurst, all in the County of Sussex.

[20th June 1801.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Roads leading from Staplecross in t’fte Parish of Euiburjl in the County of Sussex to Hornscross in the Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Brickwall-House in the said Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill in the Parish of [Loc. & Per.] 9 R Beckly

802

Trustees.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

Beckly; and also the Road from Staplecross aforesaid to Bodiam Bridge in the Parish of Bodiam, and from thence through the Parishes of Bodiam aforesaid and Salthurst to the Turnpike Road at Silver-Hill in (he said Parish of Salehurst in the said County of Sussex, are in a ru nous Condition, and narrow in I'orr.e Places, and cannot be kept in Repair by the ordinary Course ol l.aw; May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it cnatfted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Major John Austin, John Alcock Clerk, Richard Axcell, Edward Ades Senior, Edward Ades Junior, John Ayer/I, Thomas Adams, Admiral Charles Buckner, Lieutenant-Colonel Bunhury, Wil iam Boys, John Butler, Pomfret George Blackbourn, John Baker, Samuel Baker, James Bishop, Henry Bishop Clerk, William Buckland, Thomas Buckland, Samuel Bishop Senior, Samuel Bishop Junior, Thomas Boots, William Brahaty, Jeremiah Curteis of Rye, Richard Curteis, Edward Jeremiah Curt as, Samuel Russell Collett, Herbert Barrett Curteis, George Courthope Senior, George Courthope J unior, William Courthope Clerk, Wtiham Constable,?bemas Chaplin, John Call, John Cruttenden, John Cox, Richard Cheejeman, James Collins, John Cleve, Sir John Davis, Richard Denne, Edwin Daives, George Dawes, Weeden Dawes, Thomas Daws, Thomas Durrant, Mercer Durrani, John Mercer Durrant, David Dunk, John Fuller of Catsfield Place, John Fuller of Roje Hill, John Frewin Turner, French Clerk, Henry

Fisher, Walter Goldsmith, John Gladwish, John Gravely, John Gilbert, John Grace, William Grace, Admiral John Henry, Thomas Hollett Hodges, Thomas Lawience Hedges, Henry Hodges, Edward Hujjey Senior, Edward HuJJey Junior, William Hujjey Clerk, Drake Hollingbery Clerk, Thomas Hooper Clerk, John Hodson Clerk, William Horn Clerk, Mercer Hollands, John Hilder, Thomas Paine Hilder, Thomas Hilder, William Hilder, Joseph Henley,

Jarvis Doctor in Divinity, Richard Jeurdan Clerk, Stephen Jenkin Clerk, David Jennings, fames Injkip, James King, Kennelt, Thomas Lamb,

Thomas Phillipps Lamb, 1 homas Davis Lamb, George Augustus Lamb, Wtiham Phillips Lamb, Charles L amb, John Luxjord, Nicholas Larkin, Thomas Levett, John Langford, William Markwicke, John Micklethwaite, Robert Ma/eall, William Alexander Morland, James Mov.ypenny, Thomas ATonypenny, Robert Alony penny, Phillipps Monypenny Clerk, Thomas Morphett Cletk, John Alerter, John Dunmole Mercer, Walter Majon, Robert Ajofeley,

Munk, John Alarchant, Thomas Martin, George Munn, John Norton, Samuel Neuiegton, Lawrence Noakes, John Gfhottrtte, Robert Overy, Thomas PR, William Pix, Nathaniel Probior, Thomas Perigee, Jejje Piper, Thomas Peters, John Pinion, James Philcox, John Poke, Sir Thomas Roberts Baronet, Roberts, Robert Russell Clerk, Richard Rideout Clerk, Thomas Redford, Henry Bedford, Samuel Reeves, John Reeves, Thomas Reed, John Reed, Richard Reed, Robrnjon, Thomas Robinson, Jeremiah Smith Clerk,

Edward Leeds Smith, John Tilden Sampson, George Springett, Edward Springetl, Tilden Smith Senior, Tilden Smith Junior, Samuel Selmes, John Snepp, Stephen Swatland, Robeit Stileman, John Tempest, Francis Trejs, Robert Tournay, Thomas Tyrrell, Hugh Tolty Clerk, Anthony Vtncett, John Vigor, Sir Godfrey Wtbfier Baronet, William Welljit D.D., Edward Collins Ward, John Wooueit, Robert Weller, William Wybourn, Robert Wiltshire, William Wat Ion, Stephen Wcekes, and Frederick Willjon, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed

8o3

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

appointed, Trustees for surveying, ordering, amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Roads; and likewise for putting in Execution ali other the Powers in and by this Act given.

II. Provided always and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Qualifica-be qualified or capable of acting as a Trullee in the Execution of this t'00'

Ad unless he shall, during aji the Time he shall so ad, be in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife in the actual Post'eflion and Enjoyment, or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Freehold or Copyhold, of the Yearly Value of Forty Pounds, to his own Use, above Ucprizes, or possessed of, or entitled to a Personal Estate to the Value of Eight Hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person or Persons possessed of an Estate in Land of the clear Yearly Value of Eighty Pounds, and unless he hath taken or shall, (not being such Heir Apparent as aforesaid,) before he acts as such Trustee, take and subscribe the Oath following, before any Two or more of the Troftecs appointed or to be appointed by or in Pur-fuance of this Act, who are hereby authorized and impowered to administer the same, in the Words, or to the Effect following: (that is to say,)

I A.B. do ftvear, That I truly and bona fide am in my own Right,

4 A (or in Right of my Wife,) in the actual PossefiSon and Enjoy-

‘ ment, or Receipt, of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or

possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate to the Value of Eight

Hundred Pounds, after all my Debts are paid, or am the Heir of C. D.

who to the belt of my Knowledge is feilydpf Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear YearlyVaIueof Eighty Pounds(astheCafemay be.)

'So help me GOD.

And if any Person or Persons so made incapable tb act for the causes aforesaid, shall nevertheless prelume to ad, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons that will inform and fua for the fame, to be fecovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill,

Suit, or Information, wherein no Ffioign, Proredion, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is so qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of Fifty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person had acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven Forerefling or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they or any Seven or Turnpikei. more of them shall appoinr, shall and may ered, or cable to be erected.

Bars, Gates, or Turnpikes, in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and from Time to Time to remove such Bars, Gates, or Turnpikes, or alter the fame or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, as the said Trustcts or any Seven or more of them shall think necessary, so as the Number of Bars, Gates, or Turnpikes to be erected upon or across all the said Roads do not exceed Four; and also shall and may ered a Toll House or Toll Houses in or upon the said Roads,

’'i t at

804

Tolls.

Half Toll be paid in certain Cases.

To be paid sc every Gate.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

at each of the said Bars, Gates, or Turnpikes, and shall and may demand, receive, and take at all and every and each such distinct Bar, Gate, or Turnpike, the Tolls and Duties following before any Cattle or Carriage whatsoever shall be permitted to pass through the fame or either of them, and in the taking or demanding which said Toils or Duties, One Pair of Yoke Oxen drawing in any Carriage shall be deemed and taken to be but as One Horse: that is to say,

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Calalh, Chair, or Hearse drawn by Six Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shilllings; and drawn by Four Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Six Pence; and drawn by Three Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three Pence , and drawn by Two Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by One Horse, or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Six Pence.

For every Caravan, Waggon, Wain, Carr, Dray, or other Carriage with Three Inch Wheels, drawn by Four Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Six Pence; and drawn by Three Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine Pence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Six Pence.

For every Caravan, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Diay, or other Four Wheeled Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches or of Nine Inches, the Sum of One Shilling

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two Pence:

For every Mule or Afs laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny

For every Ox, Cow, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Six Pence per Score:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Three Pence per Score, and so in Proportion for every greater or ltfs Number.

IV. Provided always, That every Caravan, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, used or employed by the Owners thereof in going or returning for or laden with Hay, Corn in the Straw, Hops going to the Oad to be dried, or returning from thence, Wood Faggots, Hop-poles, Charcoal, Chalk, Lime, Lime Stone, Coke, or Cinder, the fame not having been fold or intended for Sale, but intended to be laid up in any Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or Yards, or to be spread in or upon the Lands or Grounds of or belonging to the respective Owners thereof, being Inhabitants of the several Parishes or Places in which the said Roads hereby intended to be repaired do lie, shall pay One Moiety or Half Part of all and every the Tolls or Duties herein-before mentioned at each Bar, Gate, or Turnpike, through which such Carriage or Cirriages shall pass.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That all and every of the said Tolls and Duties, being paid at one of the said Bars, Gates, or

3 , Turnpikes,

805

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

Turnpikes, so to be erected as aforesaid, shall not be looked upon ot deemed to be an Exemption from the Payment of the like Duties and Tolls at any other of the Bars, Gates, or Turnpikes so to be erected, but that the fame Tolls and Duties shall be separately and distindtly taken and paid at all the Bars, Gates, and Turnpikes respectively, through which any such Coach or other Carriage, Horie or other Cattle above mentioned, shall pass.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Forerefling for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to erect or cause to Slde Gates, be erected (over and besides the abovementioned Bars, Gares, or Turnpikes upon or across the said Roads,) One or more Bar or Bars, Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, and Toll-House or Toll-Houses, on the Sides of the said Roads, or at the End of or across any Lane leading into or out of the fame, and there to demand and take such Tolls or Duties as by this Act are appointed to be demanded and taken.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That all and every Person or Persons, hav- Notts ex. ing paid for passing through any Bar, Gate, or Turnpike, so to be erected U^y^Joll on the Sides of the said Roads as aforesaid, and producing a Note or Ticket

of such Payment, shall pass through the next of the said Gates erected upon and across the said Roads, Toll free; or if any Person or Persons, having passed through any of the said Bars cr Gates so to be erected upon and across the said Roads as aforesaid, and having paid the Tolls and Duties at such Gate or Gates, such Person or Persons, upon producing a Note or Ticket of such Payment, shall pass Toll free through the next Bar or Gate so to be erected on the Sides of the said Roads.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every Car- Double Toll, riage or Carriages whatsoever, except Coaches, Chariots, Berlins, Lan- exceP‘ daus, Chaises, Clmife Marines, Calalhes, Chairs, or Hearses passing f^oln'ihe through any Bar or Bars, Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes to FirstofO<?o-be erected by virtue of this Act between the First Day of October b*r to the and the First Day of April in every Year during the Continuance HrAof4p,-i/. of this Act, shall pay double Toll at each Bar, Gate, or Turnpike through which such Carriage or Cariiages shall pals: And that all

and every Carriage or Carriages whatsoever passing through any Bar or Bars, Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes lo to be ercdteJ as aforesaid, between the said First Day of October and First Day of April in every Year during the Continuance of this Act, laden with I imber. Plank,

Knees, Crooks, or Iron, shall pay over and above the said double Toll at each Bar, Gate, or Turnpike through which such Carriage or Carriages shall pass, a further or additional Toll of Six Pence, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, audit is hereby enacted, That no Person or Per- Exemption ions shall be charged with any of the Tolls or Duties aforesaid, for from Tolls, passing or re-passing through any of the Bars, Gates, or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, and carrying any Materials for tepairing the said Roads, or for amending any of the Highways in the Parishes in which the said Roads by this Act directed to be repaired do lie, or going or return ing through any of the said Bars, Gates, or Turnpikes, at any Time be-[Lcc. U Per.'] 9 S tween

8o6

No Extmp-lion to be taken for narrowwheeled Waggonsand Caru.

Carriages laden with Grain not 10 be subject 10 double Toll, unless returning with ether Lading.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

tween the First Day of April and the First Day of OHoler in every Year during the Continuance of this Act, but at no other Time or Times whatsoever, for or with Dung, Mould, Soilage, Marie, Compost, Muck, Grit, or Litter, made or prepared by the Owner or Owners thereof, (and not having been bought or sold, or Intended for Sale,) for manuring of Lands and Gardens belonging to and used by the rel'peftive Inhabitants of the several Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie: Provided nevertheless, That no Carts, Wains, Waggons, or other Carriages, so laden with Dung, Mould, Soilage, Marie, Compost, Muck, Grit, or Litter for manuring Lands or Gardens belonging to and used by the respective Inhabitants of the several Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, be permitted to pass through more than One of the said Bars, Gates, or Turnpikes, Toll free; and that such Exemption from Toll shall be had and allowed only at the First Bar, Gate, or Turnpike through which such Carriage shall pass.

X. Provided nevertheless, That no Person shall have or be entitled to any Exemptions from Toll as last aforesaid, for or in respect of any Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage, having at the Time of uGng thereof Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches on the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies thereof, and upon which the Tire doth not lie flat, or so as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, or which shall not have the Nails counterfunk so as not to rife above the Surface, Or for or in respect of any other Cart or other Carriage which, together with the Loading thereof, shall be of greater Weight than is allowed by the Act made in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of M Parliament the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike " Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England," and for other Purposes, to Waggons, Carts, or Carriages of the same Kind respectively, and laden with such Goods as do not exempt the fame from the additional Tolls hereby imposed; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order all such Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages to be weighed in like Manner, and with the fame Powers and Authorities as are directed for weighing Carriages by the said Act made in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Carriage going or returning for or with Corn or Grain (except Malt) that shall be carrying from the Barn, Granary, or other Repository of the Grower thereof to Market, shall be charged with or liable to the Payment of double Toll, between ihe First Day of October and the First Day of April in any Yea; and that if any Carriage, having passed through any Gate or Turnpike between the First Day of October and the First Day of April in any Year, so laden with Corn or other Grain, for which the Toll payable in respect thereof shall have been paid at any such Gate or Turnpike, shall return laden with any Loading whatsoever, then and in every such Case the like Toll shall be paid again for every such Carriage at each Gate or Turnpike through which the lame Carriage shall return or re-pals laden, as was paid for the same Carriage passing or going laden with Corn or other Grain on the same Day, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

4i*G£ORGII IIL Cap. 50. 807

XII. Provided also* and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That Other Ex. no Toll or Duty shall be demanded or taken by virtue of this Act for any tmPtion* llorfe, Mare, or Gelding belonging to any Person or Persons residing or using Farms in any of the Parishes in which the said Roads hereby directed to be repaired do lie, going or returning through any of the Bars, Gates, or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, to or from any Place or Places within the said Parishes to belhod, nor for any Ploughs, Harrows,

Rolls, or any other Implements of Husbandry belonging to any Person or Persons residing or using Farms in the said Parifi.es in which the said Roads hereby directed to be repaired do lie, and so as such Ploughs,

Harrows, Rolls, or Implements of Husbandry be not haled or carried otherwise than on Wheel Carriages: Provided always, That such Horses,

Mares, or Geldings, Ploughs, Harrows, Rolls, or Implements of Husbandry shall not pais through more than one of the said Gates Toll free, nor shall any of the said Tolls or Duties be demanded of or taken from any Person or Persons residing in the said Parishes in which the said Roads hereby directed to be repaired do lie, who shall pass through the said Turnpikes or Crols Gates, to or from thtirown respective Church or Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship, on Sundays, Christmas-Day, Good-Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person or Persons to be buried in any of the said Parishes, or for any Horses, Mares, Geldings, Cows, going or returning from Pasture or to be milked, or going or returning from Work in cultivating the Lands or Grounds in any such Parishes, or going to or returning from Pasture or Watering-Places, and shall not pass upon the said Roads more than the Space of Two Miles, or for any Watering-Carts or Budges for the Use of the Inhabitants of any of the Parishes near the said Roads, or for any Oxen, Sheep, or other Cattle, going or returning from one Farm to another Farm in the Occupation of the same Person, but not to paf? through more than one of the said Gates Toll free (or any of the Purposes aforesaid, or for the Horse or Horses of any Driver or Drivers of such Cattle, nor for any Horses or Carriages of whatever Description, employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Pod Master General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back therefrom; nor shall any Toil or Quty be demanded or taken for any Horse or Horses, Carriage or Carriages, which shall have been at I.onden or elsewhere laden with Fish from the Sca-Coast, upon their Return unladen from London or elsewhere towards the Sea-Coast (such Horse or Horses, Carriage or Carriages, when laden, having before paid the Tolls and Duties granted by this Act); nor for any Horse or Horles upon which the Riders or Drivers of such Horses or Carriages shall ride upon their Return unladen as aforesaid , nor shall any Toll or Duty be demanded or taken for the Horses of any Officers or Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any Tick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, nor for any Horles, Carts, or Waggons travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes; nor shall any Tolls be taken by virtue of this Act for Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Chaises. Chaise Marines, Calafltes, or Chairs, or Passengers on Horseback going to or returning from an Election

8o8

Penalty on taking Bene-lit illegally.

Tolls to be paid but once in a Day for passing twice.

Tolls verted in the Trustees.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Sussex on the Day or Days of such F.lection: Provided nevtr-theless. That if any Person or Persons shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall be applied to the Use of the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof towards amending the said Roads, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Person or Persons having paid the Tolls or Duties hereby granted, at every of the said Gates or Turnpikes erected by virtue of this Act, through which such Person or Persons shall have passed with any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or Cattle (and who ought to pay the same by virtue of this Act) and producing a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, denoting such distinct and separate Payment at all and every of the said Gates through which he, she, or they shall have so palfed, (which said Note or Ticker, Notes or Tickets, the Collector or Collectors is and are hereby required upon Demand togive,) shall be liable to pay the famefor returning or going at any Time through the fame Bar or Bars, Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes the same Day or before Twelve of the Clock at Night, with the fame Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or any Cattle j but if any Person or Persons shall pass the same Day through the fame Bar or Bars, Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes a third Time with any Carriage whatsoever, then such Person or Persons shall be liable and compellable to pay the said Toll or Duty hereby imposed on such respective Carriage, and to receive another Note or Ticket, which the Collector and Collectors is and are hereby required to deliver as aforesaid, which shall entitle him or them to return through the fame Gate with the fame Carriage, upon the same Day, Toll free, and so tolies quoties for every third Time the said Person or Persons shall pass and repass the same Day through the fame Gate or Turnpike, on any of the said Roads with the said Carriages as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Sums of Money so to be demanded, received, and taken in the Name of and as a Toll and Duty, is hereby vested in the said Trullees, and the lame and every Part thereof, as also all Sum and Sums of Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall be applied, in the first Place, to pay and discharge all the Expences and Costs of procuring and passing this Act, and the Remainder thereof shall be applied in erecting Turnpikes and Toll-houses, and in repairing, widening, and amending the said Roads, and defraying the necessary Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the fame, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever. And it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or any such Person as they or any Sever, or more of them, under their Hands and Seals, shall from Time to Time nominate to levy the said Tolls and Duties upon any Person or Persons who shall after Demand thereof refuse or neglect to pay the same, by Distress of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle or Carriage, upon which such Tolls and Dutie* are by this Act imposed, and such Distress to detain

3 until

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. £09

until such Toll or Duty with the reasonable Charges of making and detaining such Distress shall be paid, and after the Space of Four Days next after such Distress made to sell the same, returning the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls and Duties, and the reasonable Charges for the making, keeping, and felling such Distress shall be deduced and paid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all Turnpikes and every Bar and Bars, Gate and Gates, Turnpike and Turnpikes, Toll- f"1* Toll-House and Toll-Houses which shall be erected by virtae of this Act, vefod5j, the and of the Materials for building the fame, and for repairing the said Trutteci. Roads, shall be vested in the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by or in Pursuance of this Act, and they or any Seven or more of them are hereby impowered to dispose thereof as they shall think proper, and to bring Actions in the Names of any Five or more of them, or in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, or to prefer and prosecute Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall disturb them in the Possession of the Property thereof.

XVF. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Bar, Gate, or No Turn-Turnpike to be erected or set up by virtue of this Act, shall at any Time pike to be re-after the same shall be set up, be taken down or removed to any other "u°t,£fin*uh' Place except by Order of the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of Trustees them, and whereof Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in Writing Consent by the Clerk to the Trustees under his Hand, to be affixed on all the thereto. Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And whereas several Parts of the said Roads lead over Wastes, Trustees may Commons, or uncultivated Grounds, and the Tolls by this Act imposed make Fences may, by Reason of the great Width and Extent of such Wastes, on Commons Commons, or uncultivated Grounds, be easily evaded: Be it therefore To*! being furiheT enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, evaded, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall see Occasion, to make or cause to be made, such Hedges, Ditches, Walls,

and Fences by the Side or Sides of the said Roads, or upon, over, or across the said Wastes, Commons, or uncultivated Grounds, in such Manner and Direction as they shall find necessary, so that the Payment of the said Toils may not be evaded 5 and if any Person or Persons shall pull down, or in anywise damage, displace, or carry away any such Fence, or any Part thereof, or shall fill up or spoil any such Ditch, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeic and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

XVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That the said Trustees, Tolls may be or any Nine or more of them, at any General Meeting to be held for varied.

that Purpose, whereof Notice shall be given in Manner aforesaid, at lead Twenty Days before such Meeting, are hereby authorized and impowered, from Time to Time, in case it shall appear requisite and expedient, to lessen and reduce, and again to raise and advance the ToUs or Duties hereby granted and made payable, and to order the fame so (Lac. Per. J 9 T be

8.1.6 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

be taken in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions, as they shall think fit, fin that the respective Tolls so varied shall never exceed the Tolls granted by this Act, nor be ever lessened until the Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, together with the Interest, be repaid, unless all Persons to whom such Money and Interest shall be due, consent thereto, and such Tolls or Duties so varied, or any of them, shall be colie ted, recovered, laid out, and applied in the same Manner as the Tolls and Duties hereby granted, are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

Tolls may be XIX- And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said MtfhVy bor Trustres, or any Nine or more of them to borrow and take up at rowed. Interest, upon the Credit of the Tolls by this Act granted, such Sum or Sums of Mon^-y as they or any Nine or more of them shall think fit; and may and are hereby impowerrd to assign over or mortgage the said Toll, or any Part or Parts thereof, (the Costs and Charges of such Assignmt-nts or Mortgages to be paid out of such T.oljs,) as a Security to any Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who (hill advance the lame by the following Words of Assignment under their Hands, or by any other Words for that Purpose

Form of Assignment.

‘ T>y virtue of an Act made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of ‘ His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [ Here saferi ibe

Title of the Afl] we Nine of the Trustees in Consideration of the

‘ Sum of to the Treasurer of the said Roads in Hand

paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto A B. his Executors, ‘ Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising by ‘ virtue of this Act as the said Sum of doth or shall

bear to the whole Sum advanced or to be advanced on the Credit

‘ thereof, to be had and holden from this Day of

until the said Sum of . with Interest for the fame, at the

Rate of per Centum, per Annum, shall be paid and satisfied.’

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk, or Treasurer or Tceafurers to the said l'rustees, and all Persons to whom such Afligo-ment or Assignments have been or shall be made as aforesaid, or who Bull be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Inccreft, or Benefit to the Principal and Interest thereby secured to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by indorsing on the Back of such Security before One credible Witness, the lollowing Words, or Words to the like Effect:

T do transfer this Assignment, with all my Right and Title to the

Principal hereby secured, and to all the Interest now due unto

Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

‘ Dated this Day of

‘ Witness, 7. K.’

« g. h:

Which Transfer-or Assignment shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk, Treasurer, or Treasurers, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein transferred, in the Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original AIDgnments, for which the said Clerk, '.i Treasurer,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. «n

Treasurer, or Trestorers, shall be paid such Sum as the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence, and after such Entry made, but noc till then, every such Assignment shall entitle such AITlgnee, his, her, or their Executors, Admimllraiors, or Assigns to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and every such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so hit*} auoties; and it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons, who shall have made such Assignment respectively, to make void, relcafe, or discharge the fame, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all. and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Alfianment shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, Creditors on such Tolls in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing or lending any such Monies.

-ftI <1 ji'j . .1 ' I. ,/ ' . ;*! 1 ’ ':

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Money shall Notice to be be borrowed by the said Trustees on the Credit of the said Tolls and Du- g",en ‘he tie* after their First Meeting, unless Notice for that Purpose be fixed in Writing under the Hand of the Clerk to such Trustees, upon all the Turnpike Gates erected by virtue of this Act, at lead Fourteen Days 'before borrowing such Money.

XXI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conllrued 10 extend, to charge or subject the said Trustees or Persons appointed to receive the said Monies or any Part thereof, so to be borrowed as aforesaid, to any Payment of the fame by reason of their or any of their Isigning any such Assignments or other Securities to be made in pursuance of this Act or any or either of them.

01 */- '

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, upon Six Months Notice to be given thereof by Writing under the Hand of the Clerk to the said Trustees, affixed on all the Turnpikes erected by virtue of this Act, from Time to Tune, to Jeafe, demise, or let, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, the Tolls and Duties by this Act granted, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to take or farm the fame, for the bed Price such Trustees can get, payable at such Times and in such Manner as they the said Trustees or any Nine or more of them, shall think fir, and to be paid 10 the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Seven or more of them,

shall appoint to receive the same; which Monies so to be paid shall be applied as the said Tolls and Duties are by this Act directed to be applied, and to no other Use whatsoever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons during Against the Continuance of this Act, shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled drawing

or drawn, in or along the Roads by this Act intended to be repaired, or rin^"^ut any Part thereof, any Tree or Trees, Piece or Pieces of Timber, other- carriages, wile thin and except upon Wheel Carriages, every such Person for every such Oftentc shall torteit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twcniy Shillings, nor less chan Ten Shillings.

Trustees not personally liable to repay Mortgage Money.

For leafing the Tolls.

8l 2

Penalty for permitting private Passage to evade the Tolls;

-V , i/t - , or diipofing of Tickets for that Por-pose.

For choosing

Oficers;

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever owning or occupying any Messuage or Land near to any Turnpike, which shall be erected in pursuance of this Act, shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pais through any Land, Gate, Passage, or Private Way, with any Carriage, Horse, Mare, Afs, Mule, or any Sort of Cattle on which any Toll or Duty is hereby laid, or if any Person or Persons shall with any Carriage whatsoever, or with any Horse, Mare, or other Cattle, pals through any such Land, Gate, Passage, or Private Way, with Intent to avoid the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall take off or cause to be taken off, any Horse, Mare, or other Cattle, from any Carriage with Intent to avoid paying any of the said Tolls or Duties; or shall leave or cause to be left, upon or near the said Roads any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Calash, Chair, Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage, Horse, or any other Cattle with such Intent as aforesaid; or if any Person shall take the Lading or any Part thereof out of any Carriage, before the same shall have passed through any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected upon any Part of the said Roads, and shall put such Lading or any Part thereof into any Carriage being on the other Side of the fame Gate or Turnpike, with Intent to avoid paying Toll at such Gate or Turnpike, every such Person t'o offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and shall be applied towards repairing the said Roads.

XXV. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons having paid any of the Tolls or Duties by this Act granted, and having such Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets as aforesaid, shall give or dispose of the same to any Person or Persons in order to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls and Duties, every such Person so offending, or diipofing of such Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, and the Person receiving and making Use of the fame, shall respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof Avail be applied towards repairing the said Roads.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Nine

or more of them, may choose a Clerk, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls or Duties aforesaid, and also a Surveyor or Surveyors to view the Condition of the said Roads and to see that the fame be repaired, and all such other Officers as they shall think necessary to employ in the Execution of this Act, and from Time to Time to remove such Clerk, Treasurer, Coiledors, Surveyors, and other Officers as they shall see Occasion, and appoint new ones in Case of Death or such Removal; and the said Tolls or Duties shall be paid after the Rates aforesaid to such Person as shall from Time to Time be lo appointed to receive the same; and the Person so appointed to receive the said Tolls and Duties, and also such Surveyors and all Persons anyways employed by or under them or any of them, shall upon Oath, (which Oath any Two of such Trustees are hereby empowered to administer,) on the first Monday id every Month, or at any Meeting or Meetings of L'J . 7 the

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. 813

the said Trustees, or oftener, if the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall so require, give in a true, exafr, and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands, to the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, of all Monies which such Persons dull to such Time respectively have received and disbursed by virtue of this Act, or by Reason of their respective Offices arid in'case any Money so received shall remain in the Hands of such respective Persons or any of them, the same shall be paid to the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall empower to receive the same, and shall be laid out according to the true Meaning of this Act; and the said Trustees or any Nine or more of and be»l-them, shall and may out of the said Tolls and Duties make such Allow- lowed SaU-ance to the said Clerk, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers for their ,1C,

Care and Pains respectively taken in the F.xecution of their respective Offices, and to such other Persons as shall be assisting in and about procuring the said Roads to be amended, as to the said Trustees or any Nine or more of them shall seem reasonable; and in case fitch CoU ledlors. Surveyors, or other Persons, or any of them, shall not give in such Account, and make such Payment as aforesaid, such Collectors,

Surveyors, of other Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit arid pay any ’Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for any Di*ifion in which any Part of the said Roads do lie, shall and may ifiakeiahy Enquiry concerning such Defaalc in 3 tummaryWay, /as well byConfefiion of the Parties themselves as by the Testimony of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby' empowered and required to adtriinifter, without 'Tee dr R’e.Wafd,) and if such Person shall be rheredf’Cqniidled, and shall not forthwith! pay such Penalty, such, Justice or Justices shall commit the Party to the common Gaol of the said County of Sussex, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall have paid l'qch, Penalty,) or unjil he shall give and make a true and perfect Account as aforesaid, jor jutltilihe shall -

have compounded or agrfcdd. with diiclv Trustees or any Nine or more csf them, and have paid such CompolVtion to che feid Treafutdr mr Treasurers, which Composition the! said Trustees or any Nineiot; more of them at any Meeting aflenlbhnlj'are hereby1 empovtered-to rfialce.

'out yrf-.v Jo. _ . oft I oi ,‘jil k r* ntiy'1 tb tii

XXVII. And be it further! ena&wJjfThat the said) Trustees Or any Nine Trt, rurer or more of thenh shall and.theyiare! hereby requited ito-itake llfeh ^eority 10 give Se-from their Treasurer* or Treasurers' fdr the dup'lisfecmton] of lus'laid curity. Office, as the said Trustewnor. any, Nine oc..more of ihetnrshall think fit. ' .! .1 01 to s*j *t.: : Haul ot . . t-i niT sncT

- ,'! .; Oiuisn..!> bnc.i rbul li brut ;-tVjOtq mnl

XXVIIh Provided always,; andl be if-enactpdv'Fftac 1)0 Victualler',- or viaual-Rctailerof Beer, Ale, ar SpinituausiihiquQrivishall. be capable of b'ilding ler to hold any Place ofl Profit tinder tfiisiAfityf ut aa ,?il ftnidi Ik,ft v>H; . non any p|a«of,) loiqtmoO 10 unv.f> thud !i XXI 1C. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be.lawfulto For getting and for the said Surveyot or Surveyors, or such Persons as he or they shall Materials to appoint, to dig, gather, 'tako* ad'd £*rry away, anyt Gravel, Forte,! Heath, lhe Sand, Stone, br otter Materials, fdr repairing tJwTaid- Roads out of any *' [Lee. fc? Per.} 9 U River

8i* 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

River or Brook, or out of any Waste or Common Grounds in any Parish wherein or near which the said Roads or any Fart thereof do lie j ami for Want of a sufficient Quantity of such Materials there, such Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Persons lo appointed by him or them, shall and maydig, gather, take, and carry away the fame out of any River or Brook, or out of or from any Waste or Common Ground in any neighbouring Parish, without paying any Thing for such Materials; and if there is not a sufficient Quantity of such Materials in such Rivers, Brooks, Common or Waste Grounds, it shall and may be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Persons as he or they shall appoint, (such Surveyor or Surveyors first having an Order of the Trustees or any Five or more of them for that Purpose,) to dig, gather, and take away such Mater, als in the Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, (not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Nursery, or planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House,) paying such Rates for such Materials to the Owners or Occupiers of the Ground as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall adjudge reasonablej and in case of any Difference concerning the same between such Owners and Occupiers and the said Trustees, the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County of Sussex shall and may, examine Witnesses upon Oath relating thereto, and shall adjudge and finally determine the fame, and order the Damages to be paid by the said Treasurer for the Time being of the said Roads, out of the Monies arising by the said Tolls, from which Determination there (hah Dc no Appeal.

Notice to be

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not given to the be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons under the Occupiers of Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Material* are Materials for repairing or improving the said Roads, out of or from any to be taken inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Sur-therefrom. veyor, shall have been given to the Land Owner or his Agent, or to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at the House or last or usual Place of Abode of such Occupier, to appear before the said Trustees, or any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the County or Place wherein such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Land Owner, Agent, or Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or such Justice or Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Person to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees, or to such Justice or Justices, shall seem proper; and if such Land Owner or Occupier shall neglect or refule without reasonable Excuse, to appear by himself, or hcrlelf, or Asem, the said Trustees, or such Justice or Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Interns and Purposes, as if such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent, had

Removing

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Annoyances, Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall

'" ' ' 1 " v> j appoint

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. 815

appoint from Time to Time, to remove all Annoyances on any Part of the said Roads, or on the Sides thereof, and to cut down Trees or Bushes growing in or near the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, the Owners or Occupiers neglecting to cut down such Trees and Bullies, or to remove such Annoyances as aforesaid, for the Space of Ten Days after Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them respectively, or less at his, her, or their respective Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, under the Hand or Hands of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers neglecting to cut down such 1 rec» or Bullies, or to remove such Annoyances as aforesaid i and in case such Owners or Occupiers shall not upon Demand pay and reimburl'e to the Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, from Time to Time, to levy the Charge thereof upon such Owners and Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her, and their Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Owners or Occupiers thereof upon Demand, after all Charges paid; and if after Removal of any of the said Annoyances any Person or Persons shall again offend in the like Manner, every such Perl’on so offending, and being thereof convicted upon Oath before Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings, over and above the reimbursing to such Surveyor or Surveyors the Costs and Charges of doing the same as aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, who Scouring of Right ought to scour or cleanse any Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse, which *c*

shall lead into or out of any Parc or Paris of the said Roads, Qiall not in a proper Manner cause the same to be scoured and cleanled within the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing shall for that Purpose be given to him, her, or them respectively, or shall be left at his, her, or their respective Place or Places of Abode by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, then the said Surveyor or Surveyors may cause such Ditches,

Drains, and Watercourses to be fcouied and cleansed, and pay for the scouring and cleansing the fames and if the said Person or Persons, who of Right ought to have done the fame, shall not repay the Money so paid by such Surveyor or Surveyors upon Demand thereof upon him, her, or them respectively made, either in Person or by Writing to be left at his, her, or their respective Place or Places of Abode, it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, upon Proof of the scouring and cleansing the said Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, and Payment of the said Money, and Demand thereof made, and Nonpayment thereof as aforesaid, by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses before any Justice of the Peace, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattel* of such Person or Persons, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners thereof upon Demand after all Charges paid.

8i6

Gates to Fields to open inwards.

Timber and Stone to be drawn on Wheel Carriages.

For purchasing Lands to widen the Roads.

Empowering

Persons intercited to treat.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Gates to be hereafter made and placed in any Field or Ground adjoining any of the said Roads, shall be made and hung to open inwards towards such Field or Ground, and not outwards towards the said Roads-, and that no Gate shall be permitted to Hand acrol’s either of the said Roads; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause all such Gates as are now erected and open outwards towards the said Roads, to be altered and made to open inwards, as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and to remove all Gates Handing across either of the said Roads.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hale or draw, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree, or Piece of Timber, or any Stone otherwise than on Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree, or Piece of Timber, or Stone so conveyed to drag upon any Part of such Roads, or shall wilfully drive any loaded Waggon, Wain, Cart, Car, or Carriage along any Foot causeway, being Part of or lying near or adjoining to the said Roads, or shall Ihovel up, take, or carry away any Stone, Gravel, Sand, or Soil from off or on the Sides of the said Roads or causeways, except the Dirt or Soil by this Act required to be moved as aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds nor Ids than Forty Shillings.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees, or

any Seven or more of them shall at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, think proper to widen, turn, or alter any Parc or Parts of the said Roads for the better Accommodation of Passengers, that then the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to treat, concrift, and agree with the several Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers of, and Persons interested in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, lying contiguous or near to the said Roads for the Purchase of any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners Proprietors, Occupiers, and: Persons interested, or any of them, shall or may anyways sustain by such widening, turning, or altering arry Parc of such Roads, and gut. of the Tolls by this Act granted, or out of any Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, to pay for such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, and fbri fdch Lobs or Damage, Inch Sum or Sums of 1 Money ai shall be agreed upon between such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Prrfona interested as aforesaid, and the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, and also the Costs and Charges attending such Agreement and Purchase...

v, ..;»ilu Lc-; onooil aifj .< ji i ai . Gut w:

XXXViL And whiereas it may happen that some Persons or Bodies Politic* Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or lore. Feoffees in Ti uft jog (others* arc 6r may be seized or possessed of Lands, Grounds, or HwtditamchtSv which may by the said Trustees be thought proper or aeccifary to be taken in and added to the said Roads, for turning, widening, or altering the fame; and such Persons or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate, or foie, or F.coffeti, may be willing to treat and agree for the Sale of" such Lands, Grounds, or fcflA UJX/X 5* Heredita*

41° GEORG1 [ III. Cap. $o. &8r7

Hereditaments, but may be incapable of granting or conveying the fame, by rcalon of Infancy, or other Disability: Be it further enacted,

I hat it shall and may be lawtu) to ard for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all FrolFees in Trull,

Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of !di->ts. Lunatics, and Husbands, or other Tiufiees whatsoever, for or on behalf of an'v Infants, f eme Covens, or Cestui que Trulls, Idiots, or Lunatics, and for all.and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be leifed, possessed of, or interfiled in any loch Land*., Grounds, or Hereditaments, to treat, contrail, and agree with the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, for the Purchase of loch Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for their Interest therein, for the Purposet atofeTiid, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be or require, and all ,( ontradts. Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be lifmade,

-shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in' arty wise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees, and all other Persons, arc and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by vircue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if such Owner, Proprietor, If Parties Occupier, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggre- cannot agree, gate or Sole, I rollers, or other Person or Persons interested in any loch Mat eotobe Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, upon Notice to them- given or left in i'" 'c Writing at the Dwelling-house or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments so to be taken in and added to the said Roads, or into or through which such Roads are to be turned or altered as aforesaid, shall by the Space of Twenty Days next after fuct» Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to trear, or shall noc agree in the Pretniles, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then or in every or any such Case the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall cause it to be inquired into and afeerrained, by and upon the Oatn of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of Sussex, which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby impowered and required to administer, what Damages will be fuffained by, and what Recompence and Sattsfaflion shall be made to such Owners, Proprietors,

Occupiers, or other Person or Persons interested, for or upon Account of the taking of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments into the said Roads, or of turning such Roads into or through the fame; and in order thereto the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them ate hereby impowered and required from Time to Time as Occasion shall be or require, to summon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, touching or concerning the Premises, which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby nnpowered and required to administer; and they {Lee. & Per.) 9 X shall

urn

818

For sum-

nioning the J«y.

Penalty on Sheriffs, tec. neglecting.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

shall also order and cause the said Jury to view the said Places in Question, if there be Occasion, and life all lawful Ways and Means as Well for their own as for the said Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as they the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them lh«ll think fit, and after the said Jury shall have inquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damage and Recompence, they the said Ttulleesor any Seven or more of them shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so a fie fled by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers of, or Persons interested in the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict, or Inquisition and judgment. Order or Determination, so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as prefrnt. Infants, Femes Covert, and Persons under any other Disabilicy whatsoever. Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all other Person or Persons whomsoever, and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, and all and every Person or Persons any wife interested in such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall upon Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money so aficflfd as aforesaid, thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property of, in, to, or out of the fame; and for the summoning and returning such Jury or Juries, the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them are hereby impowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the said County of Sussex, thereby commanding and requiring him to impannel, summon, and return any indifferent Jury of Twenty-Four Persons to appear before the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at such Time and Place as in the said Warrant shall be appointed, and the said Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly, and out of the Persons so im* pannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall Iwear or cause to be sworn Twelve who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid, and in Default of a fuflkient Number of Jurymen the said Sheriff or Leputy or Deputies shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Slanders by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service to the Number of Twelve and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, acting in the Premises shall have full Power from Time to Time to impole any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy, or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned to serve on such Jury, and shall not appear, or that shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn refusing to give or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises shall (with-

2 out

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. 819

out reasonable Excuse) refuse or neglrdt to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be (worn and give Evidence, and from Time to Time to levy such Fine and Fines, so as that no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon *Ay one Person for one Offence, and all Fines shall be Applied for such Uses and in such Manner as the Tolls granted by this Act are to be applied.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums Money atTetT-jof Money I’o assessed by such Jury for the Damage and Recompence as ,d how 10 be aforesaid, shall be and is hereby charged and chargeable upon the Monies thar8ed-which shall be raised, received, or borrowed by virtue of this Act, and shall be paid thereout accordingly by the said Trustees, or any Five or

more of them, or by their Treasurer, to the Person or Persons respectively

entitled thereto; and that upon Payment or Tender thereof to such Persons,

and in case of Refusal to accept the fame, then upon leaving the same in

the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees, for the Use of such Per-

lons, such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments shall be laid into and Lands to be

made Part of the said Roads, and shall to all Intents and Purposes what- made Part of

soever, become and be deemed and taken to be a Public and Common ,he Ro*d1,

Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the said Roads for ever

after, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and

Methods, and in all Respects in such Manner as the old Roads so

widened, altered, or turned, were and ought to have been kept in

Repair, sand after such new Roads shall be completed, the Lands and

Grounds comprised in, or constituting the old or former Roads, shall be veiled in, and shall or may be sold by the said Trustees, or any Seven

or more of them, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become

the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the bell Price that can be

gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied

and dispofrd of for the repairing the said Roads, and the Sale, and

Conveyance and Conveyances to be made of such Lands or Grounds

being executed by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them,

and enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in widening, turn- Not to da. ing, or diverting any Part or Parts of the said Roads, nothing shall be done mageHousea; which shall or may in anywise injure or damage any House or Building,

or any Yard, Garden, or Orchard, Plantation, or Nursery of Trees, or any Walk of Trees, or Avenue to any House, unless the Owner or Owners thereof shall consent thereto.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the exceeding Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, ^.aoo. Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity,

such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General

of

820

Application where the Compensation does not exceed £. 200, nor Jess than £ 20.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. so.

of the High Court of Chancery, to he placed tq his Account ex pant the Trustees of the said Roads, to ihr Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with, the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled t o the Rents and Profits of the find Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land fax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or ftach other Incumbrance, or Pait thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paiU* assessing t1 e fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing, settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposts; or whe-e such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to,- for, and upon such and the like Ule«, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Meffuaort, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so pofchaled, taken, or used as aforesaidd. Hood Irtlled or limited, or such of ihrm as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, Hull be exiling, undetermined, and capable of taking I ffcdl, and in ihe mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be marie, the said Money shall by ttrder of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invelled by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase or 1 hree Pounds pir Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be (old for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Conloinlartd or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchal'cd, in cale such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Vtf-utf . ' tl ! u / - . . iJHb '..-ms bet-.* . #$*1 XI-I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under DT-abiliiy or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such, Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be figr.ified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Twb Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Seven or more of the said Trustees (such > Nomination

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. 821

Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before diredkd, so far as the Cale be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Dirtftion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the Paid Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That for preventing Differences which Directing may arise between the said Trustees and Surveyors of the Highways for ho<v'^e ^ta‘ the several Parishes, Townships, or Places through which the said Roads beCH do lead, or the Inhabitants thereof, touching the Statute Work the Inha- performed, bitants of each Parish, Township, or Place, ought to do on the said Roads by this Aftdirefled to be repaired, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the said Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of or for any Parish, Township, or Place wherein the said Roads do lie; and in case no Surveyor shall be appointed for any such Parish, Township, or Place, then to summon the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Writing before such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, upon Oath, within Fifteen Days after such Summons, (which Oath the said Trustees, or any One of them, is hereby empowered to administer,) a List of the Names of the several Persons who within each Parish, Township, or Place respectively, are obliged by Law to do their Statute Work for that Year with Teams and Draughts or otherwise, and also the Number of Days’ Work which with such Teams or Draughts or otherwise, each Person ought to do on the said Roads, out of which Lift the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many Persons to do their Statute Work on the said Roads as the said Trustees shall think fit, and as such Persons are by Law compellable to perform, and which Statute Work shall be done by such of the Persons as shall be appointed to do the fame, on such several Days, and at such several Times, and in such Part of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time direct and appoint:

And in case the said Surveyors of the Highways for any of the Parishes, p . Townships, or Places aforesaid, or the said Churchwardens or Overseers RefufaK of the Poor, or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to give a List of the Names as aforesaid to such Trustees, then each and every of such Surveyors, Churchwardens, and Overseers, so refusing or neglecting, shall for [Lee. Lf Per.] 9 T every

Application where the Money i, left than £. 10.

822

Persons, 5ic. liable to repair Bridges, Wf. lo continue so.

For com- , pounding for Statute Labour.

For compelling Payment of Composition Money,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. so.

every such Neglect or Refusal, being thereof lawfully convicted upon Oath before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty

Shillings.

XLIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That all and every Person and Persons who by reason of Custom or Tenure, or any Monies, Funds, Securities, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever, are liable or chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any l’-rt of them, or any Bridges, Tracks, Drains, or Sewers in or upon the lame, shall (till remain chargeable, and shall repair and amend such Bridges Drains, Sewers, and Roads, in such Manner as he, she, or they was or were obliged t) do, or ought to have done, before the passing this Act, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, trow Time to Time during the Continuance of this Act, to compound and agree with the Surveyor or Surveyors of any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and with any of the Possessors or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or other Persons, w ho are or shall be liable or chargeable towards the repairing of any Part of the said Roads, either by Statute Work, Custom, or Tenure as aforesaid, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall think reasonable, in lieu of such Statute or other Work to be done by the Inhabitants of such Parishes or Places, or by such Pofiedbr or Possessors, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or other Persons, chargeable by Custom or Tenure as aforesaid.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Composition Money agreed to be paid in lieu of any Statute Work or Day’s Work of the Inhabitants of any Parish or Place wherein the Roads to be amended by virtue of this Act do lie, or in lieu of Repairs to be done to Bridges, Drains, Sewers, or other Parts of the said Roads, by Persons chargeable therewith as aforesaid, shall not be paid within Fifteen Days next after the same shall become payable, according to such Agreement or Composition, to the Person or Persons whom the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall authorize to receive the same, that then it shall and may be lawful for any One of the Justices aforesaid, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empowtr the Person or Persons so authorized by the said Trustees to receive such Composition Money, (Oath being first made that the fame has been demanded and remains unpaid, which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer,) to levy such Composition Money by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or of the Person or Persons so having respectively compounded either for such Statute or Day’s Work, or for such Repairs to be done to such Bridges, Drains, Sewers, or other Parts of the said Roads, returning the Overplus (if any) after the Charges of such Di* strels and Sale are first deducted.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it' any Surveyor of the Highways of and for such Parish or other Place, for which any such Composition shall be made for any Statute and Day’s Wo k as aforesaid, shall pay the Composition Money, or in case the Composition Money shall be levied on him in the Manner herein-before provided, all and every such Surveyor and Surveyors shall and may be reimbuifed the Comp .(ition Money he shall so pay, or which shall be so levied on him, together with the Charges of levying the fame, in such Manner as by Law Surveyors of the Highways of this Kingdom are to be reimbursed the Money by them expended in buying Materials for amending the Highways.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby required and empowered to cause the said Roads to be rr.eafured, and Stones or Ports to be let up in or near the Sides thereof, each Stone or Port at the Distance of One Mile each from the other, denoting the Distance of each such Stone or Port from London, or any other Place, as to the said Trustees shall seem meet; and if any Person shall wilfully and traliciously break or pull up any of the Stones or Ports, or any Part thereof, which shall be erected and let up, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Words, Letters, Figures, or Marks which shall be inscribed thereon, and shall be convicted thereof by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, (which said Oath the said Justice or Justices are and is hereby required and empowered to administer,) every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Thirty Shillings, for each Stone or Port so broken or pulled up, obliterated or defaced, to be levied and recovered in such Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter directed to be levied and recovered, the Fourth Part of such Forfeiture to be paid to and for the Use of the Informer, and the Residue thereof to be applied in repairing the Stones or Ports so broken or defaced, or in supplying new ones in their Stead; and if there shall be any Overplus thereof, the same shall be kid out in repairing the said Roads.

XLIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That this Act, and all the Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable, and all the Powers hereby given, shall take place and have Commencement and Continuance from and after the parting thereof, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, shall first meet together at the House of Ruth Allen Widow, known by the Sign of the Red Lion, in the Parish of Bodiam aforesaid, on the Thursday Fortnight after the passing of this Act, and shall proceed in the Execution of this Act, and shall then 'adjourn to such Time and Flace in or near the said Roads so to be repaired as the said Trustees, or the major Part of them present at such first Meeting, shall think proper and convenient, and so shall meet and adjourn from Time

823

How Surveyors are to be reimbursed.

For meafar-ing ihe Road, and erefling

Mile-Stones,

Penalty on

defacing

them*

Commencement and

Continuance of the Act.

First Meeting of the Trustees.

824

Manner of adjourning.

Trustees to defray ibeir own Expences.

Trustees rot to act but at Meetings held by virtue of this Act.

No former Order to be repealed on-lets Seven or Ninc Trustees are pie lent.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

Time to Time during the Continuance of this Act, as the said Trustees present at any or every such Meeting or Meetings, or the major Part of them, shall think necessary for the putting this Act in Execution j and if it shall happen that at the Time of any Meeting which shall be so from Time to Time appointed to be holden by the said Trustees as aforesaid, there shall not be Five at lead of the said Trustees present, then and in every such C'ale no Business shall be done or transafled thereat, but the Clerk of the said Trustees, by Notice in Writing under his Hand, to be affixed on all the said Turnpike Gates to be ereftecl by virtue of this Act, at lead Ten Days before the next Meeting, shall appoint the said Trustees to meet at some convenient H >use in or near the said Roads on that Day Three Weeks on which the said Lift Meeting of the said Trustees was appointed to be held, and so tolies quolits as the Case may happen to be and require: Provided always, That Two Trustees shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only; and if upon any Emergency a Meeting of the said Trustees shall be necessary to be held before the Time appointed by virtue of any Adjournment or Appointment to be made as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or the said Clerk at their Request, shall or may give Fifteen Days Notice at lead in Writing, to be affixed on all the said Turnpike Gates as aforesaid, of the Time or Place of the holding any such Meeting or Meetings , and in such Notice or Notices shall be specified the particular Business intended to be done and transacted thereat, and which Business the said Trustees, or the major Part of them present at such Meeting or Meetings, may do and transact if they shall think fit; but any other Business done and transacted at such Meeting or Meetings other than what shall be specified in every such Notice thereof as aforesaid, shall be to all Intents and Purposes void and of none Effect.

LI. And it is hereby declared that the said Trustees at their First and all other subsequent Meetings, shall bear and pay their own Charges and Expences.

LII. Provided always and be it enacted, That no Act, Order, or Determination shall be done or made at any Meeting or Meetings of the said Trustees without the Consent of the major Part of the said Trustees present at such Meeting or Meetings respectively; nor shall any or either of the said Trustees aft or be empowered to act in the Execution of the Power hereby given to them in any Case where Five or more of the said Trustees are by this Act required to join in the doing thereof, unless it be at a Meeting to be by them held in pursuance of and accord-, ing to the Direction of this Act, or in pursuance of a Resolution of the Trustees present at some former Meeting or Meetings, whereby any Person or Persons is or are authorised to carry such Resolutions into Execution.

LIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Order made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act by Five or more Trustees, being under the Number of Seven shall be revoked, repealed, or let aside by any subsequent Order of the Trustees, unless Seven 8 or

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. S25

or more Trustees shall be prefenc at the making such subsequent Order; nor shall any Order made by Seven or more of the said Trustees be revoked, repealed, and set aside by any subsequent Order of the Trustees, unless Nine or more of the said Trustees shall be present at the making of such subsequent Order.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the Trustees appointed or to be appointed to put this Act in Execution who is, are, or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, to act as a Justice or Justices of the Peace in all Cases,

Matters and Things as may be necessary for the more speedy and effectual putting in Execution the several Authorities and Powers in this Act mentioned and contained.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That if Trustees not am Person or Persons appointed by this Act, or by virtue hereof, to be toastwhilft a Truiree or Trustees for putting this Act in Execution shall have or accept of any Place of Profit under or by virtue of this Act, every such Person or Persons shall be incapable of acting as Trustee or Trustees from the Time of accepting and during the Enjoyment of such Place of Front as aforesaid; nor shall any Trustee be capable of acting in any Case where he shall be personally interested otherwise than as a Creditor en the said h’oad.

LVI. And, for continuing a sufficient Number of Trustees for putting Frr Choice this Act in Execution, Be it further enacted, That when and fooften as ofnewTruf-any Trustee or Trustees shall die or refuse to act, it shall and may be tees" lawful for the surviving Trustees or any Seven or more of them, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter during the Continuance of this Act, to nominate, elect, and appoint One or more fit Person or Persons qualified as aforesaid, living in the said County of SuJ[ext in the Room and Place of such Trustees so dying or refusing to act; and such Person or Persons so nominated, elected, and appointed, shall be joined with such surviving or remaining Trustees, but Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for the Eiedlion of all and every new Trustee or Trustees shall be given in Writing under the Hand of the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, and affixed on all and every Turnpike or Turnpikes which shall be erected by virtue of this Act at lead Ten Days before the Meeting for such Eiedlion; and all and every such Person and Persons as shall Irom Time to Time be chosen and appointed Trustees as aforesaid,

shall and may, and he and they are hereby authorised and empowered to act to all Intents and Purposes in as full, large, and ample a Manner as the said Trustees hereby appointed are authorized or empowered to act.

LVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every the Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees done by them in pursuance of this Act, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees, and which Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them.

Or by their Chairman or Clerk by their Order; and such Orders and [Loc. & Per.] 9 Z Proceedings

Proceedings to be entered in a Book.

Trustees in the Commission of the Peace may act as Justices.

82 6

Any Justice may inquire into Penalties incurred, and Offences committed, and determine therein.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

Proceedings so signed shall be deemed and taken to be Originals, and shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Cases of Appeals, Suits, Actions, and oilier Proceedings, touching any Thing done in pursuance of or by Authority of this Act; and which Bonk or Books, and also the Book directed to be kept for registering the original Mortgage of the said Tolls and of the Alignments thereof, shall and may be seen and perused by any of the said Trustees, or Person or Persons interested, without Fee or Reward.

LV'III. And be it further enacted, That when any Penalty by this Act imposed shall be incurred, or any Offence by this Act created shall have been committed, the Method of Proceeding in respect to which is not herein-before particularly directed, any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County may, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint and Information to him thereof made, to summon before him the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint or Information shall be made, to answer the Matter thereof; and at the Time and Place appointed by such Summons, the Person or Persons complained or informed against appearing before the said Justice, or in case of his or their not appearing. Proof being made upon Oath before the said Justice of the personal Service of such Summons, or that a Duplicate or true Copy of the fame was left at the Dwelling House, or last known Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, the said Justice may and is hereby required, whether the said Person or Persons complained or informed against do or do not appear, to proceed to examine the Merits of such Complaint and Information; and if such Offence or Offences shall be confessed by the Person or Persons so complained and informed against, or be duly proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice, by the Testimony of One or more credible Wit nets or Witnesses upon Oath, such Justice may and be is hereby required forthwith to convict such Offender or Offenders, and to adjudge him or them to pay such Penalty or Penalties as he or they shall be therefor liable unto by virtue of this Act; and if such Penalty or Penalties shall not be paid immediately, in case such Offender or Offenders appear personally to answer such Complaint or Information, or in case of his or their Non-appearance (except for some reasonable Excuse) to answer to such Complaint or Information, within Two Days after Notice of such Conviction given to such Offender or Offenders, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House, or last known Place of Abode, and Proof thereof, and of the Non-payment of such Penalty or Penalties made to such Justice upon Oath, such Justice shall, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the fame, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Complaint and Information, and of the Distress and Sale to be made pursuant to such Warranr, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders; and if sufficient Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders cannot be found to answer such Distress, then such Justice is hereby required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be apprehended and brought before him the said Justice; and in case such Penalty or Penalties, and the Costs and Charges of such Proceedings as aforesaid, to be settled as aforesaid,

shall

827

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

shall not be forthwith and immediately paid, such Justice is hereby required forthwith to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until the said Penalties, and such Costs and Charges as aforesaid shall be paid, or until such Offender or Offenders shall have compounded for the fame with the said Trustees, and paid such Composition, which the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and accept.

LIX. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be transient Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers under this Act, Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence as aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing , and such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively is and are hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the Conviction or Acquittal of such Offender or Offenders, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty or Special Sessions, ro be holden for the Division or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed -, and on such Conviction, or for Want of such sufficient Security, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, until he, she, or they shall pay the respective Penalty by him, her, or them incurred for such respective Offence or Offences, or shall give such Security as aforesaid.

LX. And be it further enacted, That where it shall be necessary to distrain for the Recovery of the Tolls authorized to be coiledted by this Act, such Distress shall and may be made or taken by the Person or Persons appointed to tolledl the said Tolls, or by any Surveyor or Surveyors of the Roads, or by any other Person or Persons who shall be fit for that Purpose, appointed by them, or either of them, or called on to afTifl i and that in case any Dispute, Litigation, or Suit shall arise, or be had or prosecuted, touching or concerning any such D stress, or the Prosecution thereof, or concerning the Non-payment of the said Tolls, any such Surveyor, Collector, or other Person or Persons shall, at all Times, and in all Courts, and before all Justices, be good and competent Witnesses to prove the Legality of the Distress, the Non-paymer.t of such Tolls, or to give any other Proof or Evidence concerning the Premises.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, other than and except such or such Parts thereof as are by this Act otherwise directed to be paid, shall be paid to the said Trustees, their Treasurer or Surveyor, or other Person or Persons by them appointed to receive the same, and shall be applied in the Repair of such Part of the said Roads, in respect whereof such Penalties or Forfeitures respectively shall be incurred; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, if they shall see Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the

laid

Power to

Collectors to detain Persons guilty of Offences.

Officers may distrain and be Witnesses.

Application of Penalties-

Trustees to reward Persons assisting

828

!n apprehending Offenders.

Form of Conviction.

4

Appeal to Sessions.

D'stress not to be cpl>vV-iol for Want of Form.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

said Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the Ulc of the Informer or Informers, or any Person or Persons taking or lazing, or assisting the rein, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That Convictions for Offences against this Act may be drawn up in the following Form, or to the like Lffefts (that is to say)

‘ T>F. it remembered, That on the [Here insert the Day of the Month, and Year of our Lord, and of the King's Reign] A.B. is con-‘ vifted before me, C.D. One of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Sussex, on his own Confession (or, on the Oath of

‘ a credible Witness, or, and

credible Witnesses, as the Case may be) of [Here specify the Offence, and ‘ the Time and Place whet and where the fame was committed] contrary to

the Form of an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of ‘ King George the Third, intituled, An Act [Here set forth the Title of the ‘ Act]; and I the said Justicedo adjudge the said A.B. to have thereby

incurred the Penalty of to be paid, recovered,

and applied in Manner directed by the said Act. Given under my

Hand and Seal, the Day and Year aforesaid.’

Which Conviction shall be valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think him-selfor herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been hereby appointed, (except in Cases where final Determinations are directed by this Act,) such Person nay appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holdfn for the County where the Caule of Appeal shall have arisen, within Four Calendar Months after the Cause of Appeal shall havearilen, first giving Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the Trustees of the resptclive District, and within Seven Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before fomc Juliice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quai ter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, an4 of entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matttrs of every such Appeal in a lum-msry Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing, or appealed against, as the said Justices shall think proper and the Determination of the said Justices-in the said Quarter Sessions shall be binding and concluhvc to all Intents and Purposes.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order, Ver-dist, Assessment, Judgment, Conviction, or other Proceeding made touching or concerning any of the Makers aforesaid, shall be quashed or vacaied

for

829

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Wric or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and where any Distress shall be made for any Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor any of the Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating the reunto, nor shall any of the Parties distraining be deemed Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards by them done, but the respective Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage, in an Action upon the Cafe provided that no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity, if sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who have signed a To oblige Subscription or Writing for forming and making the said Roads are and j’0"btcvr, J>h"r shall be severally and respectively liable, subject, and compellable to pay subscription such Sum and Sums of Money so subscribed, according to the Purport of Money, such Subscription or Writing , and in Default of Payment thereof at such Time or Times as shall be directed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, it shall and may be lawful for such Trustees to sue for and recover them in the Name of their Clerk in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or upon the Cafe, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor more than One Imparlance.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation brought or commenced for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, of Afliona, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and tried in the County wherein the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or it the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared , or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Treble Costs Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cafe by Law.

\Loc. Per.]

10 A

830.

[Public Act.]

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice thereof as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS;

4M+*4Mt*

Cap. 51.

An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making more commodious the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts; for watching the said Town, and better supplying the fame with Water; for regulating the Fares of Coachmen, Chairmen, Porters, and Carters plying in the said Town, and of Pilots, Watermen, and Jobbers, employed in the said Harbours, and on the River Clyde, and for feuing out the Glebe of the said Town.

[20th June 180r.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Pre:im!>,e-Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for deepen- , G«. III. ing, cleanfng, and making more commodious the Harbours of the anJ Town of Greenock; for supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and wholsome Water; and for paving,' cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and Vber publick Places within the said Town; and by another Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for altering and enlarging the Powers of the said former Act, certain Powers and r " e ' Authorities were given to the Baillies of the Town of Greenock, and to [Let. ft? Per.] 10 B other

83+ 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

other Persons in the said Acts mentioned an ! described as Truffes for carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution: And whereas the said Trustees have accordingly proceeded in executing the said Acts, and have borrowed and advanced several Sums of Motley upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties by the said Acts granted; which Sums, together with the Rates and Duties collected by virtue of the said Acts, have been duly laid out pursuant to the Directions thereof; and great Progress has been made in the Works thereby directed; but the fame cannot I e effectually complied with, and the said publick Works kept in good Order and Repair, and the other Purposes of the said Acts fulfilled, unless further and additional Powers be granted for that Purpose, and the said Acts explained and amended in several Respects: And whereas from the great Increase of Trade and Shipping, the said Harbours are not sufficiently large for the Reception, loading and unloading, and convenient lying of the Ships and Vessels resorting thereto; and it would be of great Utility and Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of the said Town if the said Harbours were enlarged, and proper Piers, Quays, Jettees, Wharfs, and Cranes, made and erected for the Reception, loading and unloading, and Safety of the Ships and VefT Is lying therein; And whereas, from the great Increase of Population in the said Town of Greenock, it has become necessary to procure a further Supply of good and wholesome Water for the Use of the Inhabitants thereof: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Safety and Comfort of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Greenock, if Watchmen were appointed in the said Town, and if a Footway or Pavement was made along each Side of the Streets, and Regulations made for regulating the said Watchmen, and for keeping clean and in Repair the said Streets and Pavements: And whereas it would be of great Advantage to the Tradeand Commerce of the said Town of Greenock, and prevent Impositions on the Inhabitants, were the Bailiies and Town Council of the said Town empowered to regulate the Rates and Fares of Hackney Coaches, Sedan Chairs, Porters, and Carters plying in the Streets, Quays, and Wharfs of the said Town, as also the Rates and Fares of Pilots, Watermen, and Jobbers employed in Ships, and plying in the Harbours of Greenock, and on the River Clyde, within certain Limits; a id it would tend to preserve good Order in the said Town if the Bailiies and Town Council were authorized to build a Bridewell and Workhouse therein, and to commit Offenders thereto, as well for Trial as for Punishment; but which several Objects cannot be accomplished without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s inofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in’ tills present Parliament assembled, and by Additional the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of

Katcj. ju[y One thousand eight hundred and one, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees in the fuss recited Act named or described, and appointed for the Improvement of the said Harbours, and such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to demand, col-Iett, receive, and take, (over and above all other Rates and Duties which, before the passing of the first recited Act and in virtue of the last recited Act, subsisted, and were levied, from Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats entering inwards or clearing outwards at the Custom

House

835

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

House of the said Port of Greenock, or discharging or loading in whole or in part at the said Port or Harbours of Greenock), of and from all and every the Mailers and Owners of all Ships, Vessds, Barks, Lighters, and Boats belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, or to the British Plantations, or to any Foreign Country, Kingdom, State, City, or Tuwn whatever, entering inwards or clearing outwards either in the Foreign or Coalling Trades, at the Custom House of the said Port of Greenock, or discharging or loading in whole or in part at the said Port or Harbours of Greenock, already built or to be built, the following additional Rates and Duties per Ton, for each and every Ton such Ships, Vessds, Barks, Lighters, and Boats shall measure; videlicet. If belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, or to the British Plantations, coming inwards from Foreign Parts, Four pence Farthing Sterling per Ton; and going outwards for Foreign Parts, Four-pence Farthing Sterling per Ton; if coming inwards from any Part or Port of Great Britain or from Ireland, Three-pence Sterling per Ton; and going outwards for any Part or Port of Great Britain or for Ireland, Three-pence Sterling per Ton; if F< reign Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats, coming inwards from Foreign Parts, Eight-pence Halfpenny Sterling per Ton; and going outwards for Foreign Parts, Eight-pence Halfpenny Sterling per Ton; if coming inwards from any Part or Port of Great Britain or from Ireland, Sixpence Sterling per Ton; and going outwards lor any Part or Port of Great Britain or for Ireland, Sixpence Sterling per Ton.

II. Provided always, That all Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Vess«l« loaded Boats entering at the Port, or coming into the Harbours of Greenock "^mpud* aforesaid, solely and only loaded with Coals for the life of the Inhabitants of the Town of Greenock, shall be fiee and exempted from the

Rates and Duties by this Act granted.

III. Provided also, That the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed

shall not extend to any Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, not tiinVeift"/* going into any of the Harbours, Quays, Breads, Piers, Jetties, or Wharfs of Greenock, but wholly loading and unloading at any Harbour,

Quay, Bread, Pier, Jettie, or Wharf already built, or that may Hereafter be built to the Eadward of Cranford's Dyke Burn, or to the Wed-ward of the White Borland Point, and diall not have landed or loaded any Goods, Ballad, or any Thing whatever, on or from any of the said Harbours, Quays, Breads, Piers, Jetties, or Wharfs of Greenock, but should such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, so wholly loading or unloading to the Eadward of Cranford's Dyke Burn, or to the Wed-ward of Habile Farland Point, afterwards come into, or use, any of the Har-buuts, Quays, Breads, Piers, Jetties, or Wharfs, for any Purpose whatsoever, such Ship, Veil'd, Bark, Lighter, or Boat shall pay, on so coming intoorufing the said Harbours, Quays, Breads, Piers, Jetties, or Wharfs, the Duty by this Act imposed on Coaders, and on going out, shall pay the Rates and Duties on Vessels outwards, by this Act imposed. IV.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may M.’ffertof be lawful to, and in the Power of all or any the Maders and Owners ^'JJetl*j"n^er of any Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, or Boats, the Tonnage of which maVcom. '* shall not exceed Thirty Tons, to compound with and pay by the Year lor

to the said Trustees, or the Cclleftor appointed by them, at and after a 1 ’

- the

836

41° GEO. III. Cop. 51*

the Rate of Five-pence Halfpenny Sterling, for each and every Ton which such Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, or Boats shall measure; which Composition shall be entered in a Book for that Purpose to be kept by the Baillies of the Town of Greenock for the Time being, or by the Person or Persons appointed to collect, demand, receive and take the Paid Rates and Duties by this Act imposed; and at the Time of entering such Composition, the Mailers or Owners of such Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, or Boats, shall pay such Composition for One Year in Advance.

Settling DT- V. And be it enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall " ,seto arise touching and concerning the Quantity of the Tonnage of Ships, °nni|; Vessels, Barks, Lighters, or Boats, liable by this Act to pay the said Rates and Duties, the same shall be ascertained by the Mode of Measurement laid down in an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

Duty on

VI. And be it further enacted, That Tt"shall and may be lawful for the

ported into Trustees aforesaid, and such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to

ertena.k. demand, collect, receive, and take from all and every the Owners, Agents, or other Persons having Charge of Goods and Merchandize imported, exported, or carried Coaltways to or from the Quays, Breads, Piers, Jetties, or Wharfs of the said Harbours, such a Duty as the said Trustees shall appoint to be levied agreeably to a Table to be from Time to Time by them made out: Provided always, That such Tax shall not at any Time exceed the Sum of One Farthing Sterling for each Barrel Bulk of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize: Provided always, That such Duty shall not extend to Corn and Grain of any Kind, or to Salt for the Use of the Fisheries.

For

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

>ug Watch. fajj Trustees to appoint Watchmen for watching the said Harbours, Quays, Breads, Piers, Jetties, and Wharfs, such Watchmen to be paid out of the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, and to be under such Rules and Regulations as the said Trustees may from Time to Time direct.

Duties may be

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners in the first recited leflei.eJ Act named or described, or any Thirteen or more of them, at General Meetings assembled, after due Advertisement given in any One of the G/itfgav Newspapers, Ten Days at the lead previous to such Meeting, and dating the Purpose thereof, may, with Consent of Two Thirds in value of the Creditors on such Rates and Duties, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to lessen and Reduce the aforesaid Rates and Duties

Santed by this Act, as they shall judge reasonable and expedient, and as e State of the Rates and Duties aforesaid will permit, and may raise the fame again from Time to Time, so as not to exceed the Rates and Duties hereby granted.

For borrowing

IX. And whereas the Sum of Five thousand Pounds Sterling, allowed Monej. by the said recited Acts to be borrowed and employed for the Purpose* in the said Act specified, is found insufficient for those Purpose*; be it

fuitier

837

41° GEORGII III. Cap.^u

further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to borrow, from Time to Time, upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding, at any one Time, the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling; and that the Money so borrowed and advanced shall be employed (after defraying, in the First Place, the Expences of passing this Act) in carrying into complete Effect the Purposes of the said Two before recited Acts, so far as relates to enlarging the Harbours of the said Town of Greenock, and making and erecting, or enlarging, proper Quays, Breads, Piers, Jetties, Wharfs, and Cranes, for the Reception, loading and unloading, and Safety of the Ships and Vessels resorting to or using the said Harbours, and the other Purposes in this Act specified and contained, in relation to the said Harbours; and that the Fee and Property of the Quays, Breads, Piers, Jetties, Wharfs, and Cranes, already erected, or to be erected in virtue of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby veded in the said Trustees, to and for the Ends and Purposes aforesaid.

X. And be it enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be levied and received from the Rates and Duties by the said Two before recited Acts, or by this Act imposed, and which shall be recovered for Forfeitures incurred under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, or of this Act, shall, by the said Trustees, be applied, in the First: Place, in Payment of the Sums borrowed or advanced in virtue of the said Two before recited Acts, or to be borrowed and advanced in virtue of this Act, and thereafter applied to the other Purposes in the said former Acts and in this present Act specified in relation to the said Hatbours.

XI. And whereas by the said recited Acts it was provided, That, from and after the Re-payment out of the Rates, Duties, and Forfeitures, by the said Acts granted and imposed, of all and every Sum and Sums of Money, which should be borrowed and advanced by the said Trustees, by virtue of the said Acts, and applied in Terms thereof, with the legal Interest from the respective Times of advancing and borrowing the fame, and after levying and raiding the Sum of Two thousand Pounds Sterling, for therealter repairing and upholding, and keeping in Repair, the said Works, the Rates and Duties thereby granted and imposed should cease and determine: And whereas the enlarging, and extending the said Harbours and Works will increase the Expence of upholding and keeping the fame in Repair; be it therefore enacted, That the Rates and Duties by the said recited Acts, and by this present Act granted and imposed, shall continue to be levied and raised until the Trustees shall have levied and raised the further Sum of Ten thousand Pounds Sterling, making together the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, after paying off the whole Money borrowed and advanced in virtue of the said recited Acts, or to be borrowed and advanced in virtue of this present Act, for making and completing the Harbours and Works aforesaid, together with the Interest thereof, for thereafter upholding and keeping in Repair the Harbours and Works aforesaid, the said Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, when raised, to be inverted in good and proper Security or Securities, at the highest Rate of Interest that can be got for the fame; and such Security or Securities to be taken in the Name of the aforesaid Trustees for the Time being.

[L*. (3 Per.'} io C XII. And

Application of Ratos.

Continuance of Duties.

838

When Dutiei are to cease.

TruHees may

enlarge the Harbours.

Application of Com pen fa-tion where exceeding aoo /.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the whole Money to borrowed and advanced, and the Interest thereof shall have been paid and discharged, and the full Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds Sterling shall have been levied and raised for the maxing, upholding, and keeping in Repair, in all Time thereafter, the aforesaid Harbours and Works, then the Rates and Duties before specified by the said recited Acts, and by this present Act granted and imposed, shall cease and determine.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees to enlarge and improve the present Harbours, and to build and extend new Harbours, Quays, Breads, Piers, Jetties, and Wharfs, as shall appear eligible to them, on any Part of the Shore, from the Deling Burn on the East, to the White Farland Point on the West; but it shall not be in the Power of the said Trustees to build Harbours, Quays, Breads, Piers, Jetties, or Wharfs, betwixt the West Burn of Greenock and the White Farland Point, without fird obtaining the special Consent for that Purpose in Writing of Sir John Shaw Stewart Baronet, or his Heirs in the Edate of Greenock.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend* or be condrued to extend, to authorize the building of Piers, Jetties, Quays, or other Works, which may or can obstruct the Navigation of the River Clyde.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts, or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Liferents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Incorporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatick, or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to Two hundred Pounds, or upwards, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments {landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Tr'ufts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 5*. 839

ance and Settlement shall be cxifling, undetermined and capable of 'taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Pwchafe shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prohibit or infringe upon the Right of Sir John S aw Stewart Baronet, and his Heirs in the Estate of C reenock, from feuing his Lands and Edate of Greenock, or any Part thereof, in the same Manner he has hitherto been accudomed to feu the fame, and agreeably to the Conditions and Provisions contained in the Entail of the said Edate of Greenock.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their resp.dtivg Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Commissioners in the first recited Act named or described, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signed in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable.

Application

where the Com enfa-tion iK-e*- not exceed 200 /. nor less than to /.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before-mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied |lian ,/. to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents aryl Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees in the first recited Act named and described shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIX. And be it enacted, That all and every the Commissioners 'ap- Former Com-pointed to be assisting to the said Trustees in the Purposes aforesaid, miirmneuto with the Addition of Duncan Darroch of Gowock, Esquire, and his Heirs be co‘umucii-in the Estate of Gourock, and the Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said

84o

Increasing Rates on Houses ail I for Water*

Trustees may reduce the Rates.

For raising a further Sum of M Jney to pave the Town, ttc.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

said recited Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, relative to, or in anywise respecting such Commissioners, shall be, and the same are hereby continued in full force, during the Subsistence of this present Act.

XX. And whereas the Tax of Sixpence in the Pound on the real Rents of Houses and other Subjects in the said Town, and the Price appointed to be paid by Ships or Vessels taking Water from the Pipes of the said Town, imposed by the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Purpose of bringing Water into, cleansing, paving, lighting, and watering the said Town, has been found insufficient for the Purposes of the said Act, and it is expedient for carry-tng the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, the said Tax and Price /hould be increased; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, the aforesaid Tax of Sixpence in the Pound shall cease and determine; and at that Period it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees for bringing Water into, paving, lighting, cleansing, and watching the said Town, in the said recited Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty named and described, and such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to demand, collect, and receive Annually, of and from the Possessors of Houses in the said Town, a Tax of One Shilling in the Pound on the real Rents of Houses and other Subjects in the said Town, as described in the said Act; the Rents thereof to be ascertained and fixed in Manner as in the first recited Act is mentioned; and that the Masters or Owners of all Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats, taking Water from the Pipes already laid or to be laid by virtue of this or any former Act, shall, in place of the Sum of Eight-pence in the said recited Act expressed, pay at the Rate of One Shilling and Sixpence for every Ton ol Water of Two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, taken for the Use of such Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, or Boats.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Trustees for the Purposes last mentioned, by the said recited Acts or by either of them appointed, and by this Act continued, or any Ten or more of them at General Meetings assembled, may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, with the Content of Two-thirds in Value of the Creditors on such Rates and Duties, to lessen and reduce the Rates and Duties last mentioned, and the said Price of Water granted by this Act, as they shall judge reasonable and expedient, and as the State thereof will permit; and may raise the fame again from Time to Time, so as not to exceed the Rates and Duties hereby granted.

XXII. And whereas the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling, allowed by the said recited Acts to be borrowed and employed for bringing Water into and for lighting, paving, cleansing, and watching the Streets of the said Town of Greenock has been found insufficient for these Purposes, be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding at any One Time the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds Sterling, and to grant, assign, and set over the several Rates and Duties given and granted by this Act, for bringing Water into and lighting, paving, clean-

841

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

ling, and watching the Streets of the faici Town, to any Person or Persons whatsoever who shall advance and lend Money thereon, for securing the Payment of the fame with Interest respectively, and the Money so to be borrowed and advanced shall be employed for bringing Water into and for lighting, paving, cleansing, and watching the Streets of the said Town, and not otherwise.

XXIII. And whereas the Time allowed by the said recited Act of the Thir- Enlarging teenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for purchasing of Springs, c\,la7,n£‘rp'ir" Fountains, and Grounds, for the Purpose of bringing Water into the Springs, said Town of Greenock has expired, and it being absolutely necessary that a further Time should be allowed for these Purposes 5 be it Trustees m»j therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the asr'e with said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to fur

contract and agree with the Owners or Proprietors of any Springs or Water. Fountains within Six Statute measured Miles of the Town of Greenock, and with such other Person and Persons, as they shall judge proper, for the Liberty of collecting, receiving, and conveying, the said Springs and Fountains for the supplying the Inhabitants of the said Town of Greenock with fresh Water, and for the laying down Pipes and other Conductors for conveying the said Water, and building Cisterns and Reservoirs for collecting and receiving the fame; and that the said Bail-lies and Town Council shall pay such Rates or Consideration for the fame, as shall be agreed on between them and the Owners and Proprietors of such Springs and Fountains as aforesaid, (either by absolute Purchase, or by Payment of a certain annual Sum for the Use of the fame), and as shall be agreed upon with the aforesaid other Person and Persons, for undertaking, doing, and performing the several Works before mentioned; and they are hereby authorized and empowered to convey such Water into the said Town of Greenock by Pipes to be laid in and through the Grounds lying between such Springs and Fountains as aforesaid, and the said Town of Greenock, and the Cisterns and Reservoirs built or to be built therein.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That where any of the Streets or Lanes of the For caarewsr. said Town of Greenock are not already causewayed, the Feuars on such ing the str«u Streets and Lanes shall be obliged to level and causeway opposite to their br

Tespective Properties, to the Extent of the One Half of the Breadth of the said Streets or Lanes nearest to their said Properties, and that at such Time, and in such a Manner, as shall be directed and required by the aforesaid Trustees; and in all Time thereafter, the Streets or Lanes so causewayed by the Feuars, shall be kept in Repair from the Rates and Duties by this Act to be levied for bringing Water into, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Town; and if any Feuar or Feuars shall neglect or refuse so to causeway the said Streets or Lanes as aforesaid, for the Space of Three Calendars Months after being so directed and required, it shall then be in the Power of the said Trustees to causeway the said Streets and Lanes at the Expence of the said Feuar or Feuars.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the Feuars of all Houses and other Build- proprietor* ings, or of Ground on which Buildings are not erected, adjoining to Ha°v"f^f"re and fronting--any Street, Square, or other publick or principal Place with- [hem.' or [£,m. Lf Per.~\ to D in

8+*

In case of Kefufai Bail-lies may pave and 1'vy Expense*.

Pavements to be repaired by the Trustee*.

Foot Pavements to be &vcpt.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

in the fat'd Town, shall, at his, her, or their Expence, cause the Grounds before their Property respectively on the Sides of the said Streets, Squares, and other publick and principal Places, to be well and sufficiently paved with flat hewn Stones, in such Manner, and in such Form, as the Baillies of the said Town for the Time, after viftting and inspeding the Grounds and hearing the Parties concerned, shall, by Decree? from Time to Time, direct and appoint, the Breadth of the said Foot Pavements not to exceed Eight Feet in Streets of Sixty-five Feet wide and upwards, Six Feet in Streets from Forty to Sixty-five Feet wide. Four f eet in Streets from Thirty to Forty Feet wide, and three Feet in all Streets under Thirty Feet wide, and that the whole Foot Pavements in the fame Streets shall be of the fame Breadth; and that it shall be in the Option of the Feuars of Grounds within the said Town on which Buildings shall not be eretfed, either to pave opposite their Properties respectively in Manner aforesaid, or tocaufcway the Foot Paths before them with dressed Whin Stones, until their said Grounds shall be built upon, but no longer: Provideu always. That such Pans of the said Foot Paths as are opposite to Wynds, Lanes, or Closes which are Cart or Carriage Entries, may also in the Option of the Feuars, be paved with dressed Whin Stones.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in case any Feuar shall refuse or neglect to cause such Grounds to be paved in Manner herein directed within the Time required, by a Decree pronounced by the Baillies, after a Vi-fitation thereof and hearing of the Parties, it shall be lawful for the Baillies to cause the said Foot Pavements to be made in such Manner at they shall direct, the Breadth of the said Foot Pavements not to exceed the Breadth before specified, at the Expence of such Feuars respectively; and in case any such Feuar shall refuse or neglect to pay such l xpeiices when required, it shall be lawful to the Baillies to decree such Expences to be paid by such Feuar, either to the Tradesraen, by whom the work has been done, or to the Mailer of Work of the Town, or to any other Person named by the Baillies, with the additional Expence incurred in recovering the same.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That after the Foot Pavements are made as aforesaid, they shall in all Time thereafter be kept in Repair by the said Trustees acting in that Behalf, the Expence thereof to be paid from the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, and to be levied in that Behalf.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall possess the Floor on a Level with or immediately above the Street, whether Dwelling Houses or Shops, adjoining to or fronting the Foot Pavements within the said Town, shall cause the fame along the From of their respective Shops and Properties, to be swept, feraped, and cleaned Once every Day (Sundays excepted), between the Hours of Six and Nine in the Morning, and if they fail so to do, it shall be lawful for the Baillies, or any One of them, to decree, in a summary Manner, such Pofft-fTors and Proprietors to pay a Sum not exceeding One Shilling Sterling for each Offence, to be levied in Manner after mentioned; and in case any Dispute shall arise among the Possessors of the Property adjoining the said Foot Pavements, relative to the feraping, cleaning, and sweeping the fame, it shall be lawful to the Baillies or any One of them, to enquire into the Matter, and determine the fame, which Determina-

tion

843

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 51*

don shall be final; and where the Possessors of Shops, Houses, or Ground as aforesaid, sweep, scrape, or clean the Foot Pavements in Manner aforesaid, they shall have Relief against the Possessors of the upper or under Floors or Stories of these Houses, for a Proportion of the Expence of so doing, corresponding to the Valuation of their respective Proportions as rated in the Tax Roll of the said Duty or Imposition, which Proportion shall, in case of Dispute, be determined and decreed for by the Baillies, or any One of them, whose Decision shall be final, and binding on all Parties.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That if any Personor Persons shall carry, run. draw, or cause to be carried, run, or drawn on any of the Foot Pavements within the said Town, any Bier, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Wheel or Wheels, or any Coach, Sedan Chair, Waggon, Cart, or Carriage whatsoever, except directly across the fame on necessary Occasions, or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Cattle, except where going directly across the said Pavements to or from Stables or Cow-houses, upon any Part of the said Foot Pavements, or shall throw or call any Dirt, Dung, Allies, or Rubbish upon the fame, or shall roll any Barrels, Hogsheads, or Calks, along the said Foot Pavements for any Distance whatsoever, except across them directly to or from Cellars, Shops, or Warehouses, they shall, on being convicted of any such Offence, before any One of the Baillies of the said Town, either by Confession, or by the Oath of One or mere credible Witness or Witnesses, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling, nor less than One Shilling Sterling for each and every Offence, over and above paying the Damage, if any thereby be done; and such Offender or Offen.iers failing, upon such Conviction, immediately to pay such Penalty, shall be committed to Prison for any Time not exceeding Two Days, unless such Penalty, and the Charges occasioned thereby, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the Baillies of the said Town of Greenock, by a Decree under their Hands, after inspeding the Premises and hearing Parties concerned, may order the Proprietors of all Houses and other Buildings fronting any of the Streets of the Town, to remove, or cause to be removed, within a reasonable Time, all Outffairs and other Obstructions that encroach upon the Streets and Foot Pavements; and if within the Time specified in such Decree, the said Outffairs and other Obstructions encroaching upon the said Streets and Foot Pavements be r.ot taken away, the Proprietor of such House or Building to which the said Outffairs or other Incroachments is annexed, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, and so hlies quolies, for every Month after the Date of such Decree, during which the said Outffairs and Encroachments shall remain: Provided always, That in case the aforesaid Outffairs and Encroachments shall not be removed within Three Months after the Decree decerning them to be removed, the said Baillies may order the same to be removed brevi mam, and at the Expence of the Proprietors.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That no Person shall keep at the same Time in any House, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, or other Apartments within the said Town, more than Ten Pounds Weight of Gunpowder, but shall carry all Gunpowder exceeding the Quantity aforesaid, to the Powder

Magazines

Preventing Sledges, being drawn rn he Foot Pavements.

Removing

Obliruttioni.

No Person to keep more tlraa a certain Quantity of Gunpowder }

S44

r* f? so k*cp it le .»r.»te.

T wn Coun-

' :\ ‘.y make for re-P: "g .1 dcnev ewa-ues, fcfr.

Fw ‘icensing

' ’"thing h/- Laws.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

Magazines without the Town, or to such other Magazine or Place as may be hereafter appointed by the Baillies and Council; and that every Person so offending shall, for the First Offence, forfeit and pay any bunt not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor leis than One Pound Sterling for each and every Offence, beftdcs forfeiting all the Gunpowder, which shall be found in such House, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, or Apartments, exceeding the aforesaid Weight.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid Quantity of Ten Pounds Weight of Gunpowder allowed to be kept within such House, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, or Apartments, shall be deposited in a Place by itself, separate from all other Goods and Commodities, and shall be secured by Lock and Key, under a Penalty not exceeding One Pound Sterling, to be paid for each Offence by the Occupiers of such House, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, or Apartments, to be levied and recovered as other Penalties are herein directed to be levied and recovered: Provided always, That the Commanding Officer of any of His Majesty's Troops quartered in the said Town, may keep in such Place or Places within the Town, as shall be appointed by the Baillies, such a Quantity of Gunpowder as he may think necessary for exercising the said Troops, or for other Military Purposes.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Baillies and Town Council may make such Rules, Regulations, and Bye Laws as they may think fit, for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chaises, Sedan Chairs, Carters, and Porters, plying for Hire within the Town, and on the Quays and Breads thereof, and for trying and punishing the Misbehaviour of Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters, according to Law, for fixing or altering their Stands, and for ascertaining what Rates and Fares, both as to Distance and Time, shall be allowed to be taken by them, and to what Dilfances, and under what Penalties, they shall be obliged to drive and ply in and round the said Town, not exceeding Three Miles, for Coaches and Carts, and Two Miles for Sedan Chairs and Porters, and from Time to Time to repeal, alter, or amend the said Regulations and Bye Laws, so as no Penalty to be inffi&ed for any Offence shall in any Case exceed the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the L ord Provost and Dean of Guild of the City of Glasgow, the Two Baillies of Greenock, and the Two Baillies of the Towns or Port Glasgow and Newark, all for the Time being, shall have full Power and Authority to license Pilots, Jobbers, Riggers, Sailors, and Watermen employed in transporting Ships and Vessels on the Frith and River Clyde between the Cumbray Light and the Broomlaw of Glasgow; and to make Rules and Bye Laws for framing and regulating the Fares and Wages, and Condutt and Behaviour of the said Pilots, Jobbers, Riggers, Sailors, and Watermen, confident always with the L.aws of this Realm, and the other Provisions of this Act; and to cause such Rules and Bye Laws to be primed and hung up in conspicuous Places of the Custom Houses and Council Chambers of Glasgow, Port Glasgow, and G- eenock respective* ly, and to enforce Observation of the said Regulations under such Punishments and pecuniary Penalties as may be necessary for (hat Purpose, befules withdrawing the Licences of the said Persons respectively, provided that

9 none

845

ai° GEORGII III. Cap. 5r.

none of the said pecuniary Penalties shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the said Lord Provost, Dean of Guild, Fixing the and Baillies, shall meet annually in the Town Iloule of Greenock,

on the First Tuesday in November, in order to frame Rules, Re- Town Council gulations, and Bye Laws for the Purposes aforesaid, any Three of them ot Crunock. to be a Quorum: Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend, to dimimlh or infringe in any Respect the Powers, Jurisdiction, and Privileges of the Baillie of the River Clyde, nominated and appointed by the Magistrates and Town Council of the said City of Glasgow.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the Water from the Roofs of all Houses Witrrto he or other Buildings, within the Town fronting the publick Streets and Lanes "novf'y^J frora which are Thoroughfares to the publick Streets, shall be conveyed in HouM, ia Lead or other Pipes, reaching within Six Inches of the Ground, and Plr>es-affixed on the Sides or Fronts of such Houses or other Buildings; and in

case the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Houses and other Buildings shall not convey the Water from their Houses and other Buildings by the said Pipes in Manner aforesaid, the said Baillies, or any One of them, on inspecting the Premises, and hearing the Parties concerned, may decree such Proprietor or Proprietors in a summary Manner to pay any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling for every such Ostence; and if, after Conviction, the Water shall dill be conveyed otherwise than in such Pipes, for the Space of One Calendar Month or more, in every such Case the Proprietor or Proprietors of every such House and other Building shall forfeit and pay Ten Shillings Sterling, and so to ties quoties Tor every Month after such First Conviction. during which the Water shall be conveyed otherways than aforesaid; and in case such Proprietor or Proprietors shall, for the Spape of Two Months negteft to convey the Water in Manner aforesaidj the said Baillies, or any' One of them, may order the Works necessary for copveying the ,f»id Water in Manner aforesaid, to be done and executed at the Expence of the said Proprietor or Proprietors, and to decree for the said Expences besides the Penalties before specified.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That all Persons who shall lav or cause to be Remndnr laid on any Part of the Streets or other public Ways in the said Town, Dv"S> Ashes, any Dung, Aftves, or Filth, shall remove the fame before Twelve of the Clock on the Day in which it (Hall bc.'so laid, in the Months of November, December, January, February, and 'March, and before Ten of the Clock before Noon, in the Months of April, bf/iy, June, July, August,

September, and October -, and if any Dung, Aflv.-s, or Filth, be so laid and remain upon any Part of the Streets or publick Ways, after the Hours before specified, the said Baillies, or any One nf them, may decree the Persons so offending to pay any Sum, not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling for each Offence.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Persons employed in carrying the For denting said Allies, Dung, or Filth, into the Streets, shall be obfiged to ferape and

cleani'e the Foot Pavements, over w’hich the said Ashes, Dung, or Filth, «tmi, they shall have been carried, immediately after they shall have finished the ,>c c*r-[Loc. />er.] 10 E Work, nW‘

8 46

Lamps.

Preventing Herrings etc, h i >g packed, pirk’eil, &V. in the Streets.

Kor making s#»w«i s and Drains.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

Work, under a Penalty, toot exceeding One Shilling Sterling for each Offence.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Baillies of the said Town may order the Lamp Irons and Lamps in the said Town to be fixed in the Walls of the Buildings on the Sides of the Streets, upon indemnifying the Proprietors or Possessors for any Damage thereby done.

t

XL. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, at any Time, to pack, pickle, or dress, or cause to be packed, pickled, or dressed, upon any of the Streets, Lanes, or publick Ways in the said Town, any Beef, Pork, Herrings, or other Fish, or allow to remain on the said Streets, Lanes, or publick Ways, any Beet, Pork, Herrings, Fish, or other Goods, Merchandize, or Things whatever, so as at any Time to obstruct the Passage of Carriages, but shall remove the fame from the aforesaid Streets, Lanes, or publick Ways before Stm-set on each Day; but should such Beef, Pork, Herrings, Fish, or other Things whatsoever, remain on any of the aforesaid Screets, Lanes, or publick Ways, and after Sunlef, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Baillies, or any One of them, or for any Person by them appointed for that Purpose, to carry away the said Beef, Pork, Herrings, Fish, or other Things whatever, and lay them up in a Cellar, Warehouse, or Close, at the Expence of the Owner or Proprietor, and the said Baillies, or other Persons by them appointed for that Purpose, shall and may detain the said Beef, Pork, Herrings, Fish, or other Things, till the Charges of carrying them to the Cellars, Warehouses, or Close, as also the Rent of the said Cellar, Warehouse, or Close, shall be paid and satisfied, besides subjecting the Proprietors to a Penalty, not exceeding Three Pounds Sterling nor left than One Pound Sterling, to be levied and recovered as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be levied and recovered.

XLI. And be it enacted, That the Bailees and Council of the said Town may make, or cause to be made. Common Sewers, Drains, and Watercourfrs within the said Town, for carrying the Water from the Roads, Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Passages in the Town, and from the Building Ground adjacent thereto, not only along and acrol's the said Roads, Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Passages themselves, but through any Grounds belonging to Corporations or Individuals in such Parts as are not built upon, and to repair the said Common Sewer, at all Times, provided that the Expences of making and keeping in Repair the said Common Sewers, Drains, and Watercourses, at all limes, shall be paid from the Funds levied and collected by this Act, for the Purpose of bringing Water into the Towm, paving, lighting, and cleaning the Roads, Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Passages, and the Common Sewers, Drains, and Watercourses, when carried through Grounds belonging to Corporations or Individuals shall be completed, in such a Manner that the Buildings on the other Parts of the Grounds shall not be thereby prejudiced; and the Common Sewers, Drains, and Watetcourses shall be covered over in a sufficient Manner, and the Tops of the Coverings shall be at leaf! Twelve Inches below the Surface of the said Grounds; and that all Damages done to the said Grounds or Fences, and Buildings thereon, for making, covering, and repairing the said Common

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

mon Sewers, Drains, and Watercourses, shall be paid by the Baillies and Council, from the Funds aforesaid; and in case of Disagreemenc between the said Bailies and Council, and such Corporations or Individuals, such Damages shall be ascertained by th'e Sheriff Depute of the County of Renfrew, and his Substitutes, who shall hear the Parties, and decree in a luminary Manner.

t

XLII. And be it enacted, That in case any Holes of Openings shall be made in any of the Streets, Lanes, Passages, Squares, or publick ("laces of the said Town, for the Purpose of digging Foundations, Wells, Drains, or any Purpose whatever, the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or Persons employed or concerned therein, shall cause a sufficient Fence of Ropes or other Materials to be put round the said Holes or Openings, and a Light to be affixed at or near the fame, to be kept burning every Night that such Holes and Openings shall remain, from Sunfetting to Sunrifing; and the Proprietors so neglecting to inclose such Hole or Opening, and to affix and continue such Lights, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling daily, so long as such Holes or Openings shall remain un-inclosed, to be levied and recovered as other Penalties are hereby appointed to be levied and recovered.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That when Houses or Tenements fronting the (r°und Streets are to be taken down or unroofed, every Proprietor of such Houses j, T esrtl,a ‘ or Tenements, or the Person or Persons carrying on such Works, shall erect and keep in Repair a Fence round those Parts of the said Foot Pavements which are opposite to the said Houses or Tenements, during the whole Time the said Works are carrying on, under the Penalty of Five Shillings Sterling for each Day’s Failure, to be levied and recovered as other Penalties are hereby directed to be levied and recovered; and any of the Baillies may order the said Foot Pavements so to be fenced in at the Expence of those carrying on the said Work.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the jj'

Baillies and Town Council of the said Town of Greenock, to erefb and Jnd work-build a Bridewell and Workhouse, with Power to the Baillies of the said hou(t-Town, to commit to the said Bridewell and Workhouse, according to the Law of Sfotland, Delinquents for Trial, and for Punishment after Coni vich'on. as fully and effectually as the Magistrates of any Royal Burgh iii Scotland are empowered to do, where Bridewells are erected.

Xl.V. And be it enacted, That the Fee of the said Bridewell to beerested and built as aforesaid, shall be and the lame is hereby verted in the said Baillies and Town Council of Greenock, and the Property Of the Springs of Water, Pipes, Lamps, Lamp Ports, and Irojps, and all and singular other the Matters and Things, acquired and purchased, or erected or made, by the said Trustees, in pursuance of the Powers hereby granted, shall be; and the same are hereby verted in the Paid Trustees for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid.

XLVI. And whereas Doubts have arisen respecting the Limits and Boun- Prescribirg daries of the Town of Greenock, be it therefore enacted, That the Limits L,nr,',a of the Town of Greenock shall extend, for the Purposes of this Act, from Crawford's Dyke Burn on the East, to Jerdan's Burn on the West, and'

Directing in whom the Bridewell and other Works shall be veited.

84 7

For fencing Holes or Opeulngfi in the Streets,

8 4.8

Act not to abridge Puwcr or Haiili s a id Town Council, etc.

Saving Rights and Privileges to Corporations and Individuals, (Sc.

P>niftvng Fcifo.ns chit tufting Hie

Execution of the Act.

For laying cut G.ebe for Building'

4.10 GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

Two thousand Yards ini Breadth from the low Water Mark Southward, reserving the tefrom the Mansion House, Garden, and Policy of the Estate of Greenock; and that the Post'eflors of all Houses and Erections ntnr built or erected, or that may hereafter be built or erected, on any Grounds within the Bounds before-mentioned, shall be obliged to pay the before-mentioned Tax of One Shilling in the Pound of the real Rent of the Houses and other Subjects in the said Town of Greenock, as described in the said recited Acts, for bringing Water into the said Town, and for the other Purposes therein and hereby appointed.

XEVII. Provided alwrays, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to exrend, to take away, alter, abridge, lessen, change, or intrude upon any Jurisdiction or Power of the Baillies and Council of the Town of Greenock and Corporation thereof, in, about, or concerning the Harbours, Quays, Breads. Piers, Jetties, or Wharfs, built or to be built as aforesaid: And also laving and relervingto the Magistrates, Council, and Community of the City of Glasgow, all Rights and Privileges they have and are in Possession < f, in, and upon the River Clyde, and to them and the said Baillies and Town Council of Green-ock, and to William Shaw- Lord Catbcart, his Ikirs and Assigns, and to Sir John Shaw Stewart., and his Heirs in the Estate of Greenock, to JVII(Ireft Christian Crawfrd of Carljlmrn, and her Htirs in the Estate of Gartjburn, and to Duncan Darrock Esquire, of Gourock, and his Heirs, in the Estate of Gourock, and unto all other Lords of Baronies, and to all o her Bodies Politick ot Corporate, all their legal Rights, Estates, and Interests in the Premises aforesaid; declaring always, that nothing herein contained shall hurt or prejudice the Charter granted to the Town of Greenock in the Year One th >ufand seven hundred and fifty-one, by the deceased Sin John Shaw of Greenock.

X LVIII. And be it enacted, That any Person obstructing, hindering, or molesting any Person employed under this Act, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling nor Ids than One Pound Sterling; and any Person assaulting or striking any Person employed under this Act, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, and not less than Two Pounds Sterling; such Sums to be levied and recovered as the other Penalties are hereby directed to be levied and recovered.

XLIX. And whereas it would be beneficial to the Community of the said Town of Greenock, and would tend to the Improvement thereof, and to the Advantage of the Minister of the Old Church and Parish of Greenock, if the Glebe belonging to that Benefice were converted into Building Ground, and if Streets and' Passages, where necessary, were opened through the fame; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the pairing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Minister of the said Old Church and Parish for the Time being, with the Consent and Approbation of the Majority in Valuation of the Hererors of the said Parish, and the Majority in Number of the Presbytery of Paisley, from Time to Time, to Jay out the said Glebe into Lots for Buildings, and to open such Streets and Passages through the fame, as may, by the Consent or Approbation aforesaid, be deemed necessary; and to sell and dispose of the said Lots by Contrafts ot Feu for Payment of such perpetual

849

41° GEORGII III. Cap. S r.

Yearly Feu Duties to the said Minister and his Successors in the Benefice as can be got and obtained for the fame; which Contracts of Feu shall be sufficiently legal and valid Titles of Property to the Purchasers of Lots, their Heirs and Assignees; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for the said Minister Limitation in to feu out any Part of the said Glebe without first advertising the fame ,he

by publick Sale, once in Three successive Weeks before the Day of Sale, c)' in One of the Glasgow Newspapers, and the same shall not be feued out for a less reserved annual Feu Duty than Six Shillings Sterling per Fall, confiding of Thirty-six square Yards of English Measure; and no Part of the Price of the said Lots sho.ll consist of Payments in Advance,

Graflums, or Entry Money.

LI. Provided also, That the Purchaser of every such Lot as aforesaid shall be bound and obliged, by the Terms of the Contract of Feu, delivered to him within Three Years from the Date of his Purchase, to build a House or other Erection thereon, equal in Value to Twenty Yeats Purchase of the annual Feu Duty, otherwise such Lot shall revert and return to the Minister in the same Manner as if such Feu Contract had not been granted.

LIT. And be it enacted, That in the Event that the Scite of the Manse Forfeiiing the of the said Parish shall be found necessary in the Execution of any re- Manr,: gular Plan, adopted or to be adopted in the Improvement of the said Town of Greenock, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Minister of the said Parish for the Time, in like Manner, and with the like Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to advertise, fell, and feu out the Manse of the said Parish, in a similar Manner as is herein-before directed with regard to the Glebe.

LIII. Provided always, That after feuing out the Glebe nr Manse of the said Parish, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of the Minister of the said Parish, or of his Successors, in all Time coming, to demand another Glebe or Manse from the Herctors of the said Parish.

LIV. And be it enacted, That the FeuDutiesarifing fromthefeuing out TheF.u Du. of the said Glebe and Manse, or either of them, shall belong to, and ihaij form form Part of the Benefice of the said old Church and Parish in all Time Benefit'. coming, in lieu of the Rents, Mails, Duties, and Profits of the said Glebe and Manse, which at present belong to and make Part thereof.

LV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of being elected a Commissioner for the Improvement of the Hone, aforesaid Harbour, who does not pay. for himself the Sum of Twelve Pounds Sterling Annually, or upwards, of Rates and Duties to the said Harbour; and no Person shall be capable of voting for such Commissioner who does not pay for himself Three Pounds Sterling or upwards Annually, of Rates and Duties to the said Harbour; and that no Person shall be capable of being elected a Trustee for the Purposes of bring-[Loc. & Per.) io F ing

850 41° GEORGII III. Cap. $r.

ing Water into, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Town, who does not pay a Tax of Twenty Shillings Sterling or upwards Annually, for the Purposes aforesaid; and no Person shall be capable of toting for the Election of such Trustee, who does not for himself pay a Tax of Seven Shillings and Sixpence Sterling Annually.

LVI. And be it enacted, That the Trustees or Commissioners in the own Ex. Act mentioned for the respective Purposes aforesaid, shall, at all their

pence. Meetings under this Act, defray their own Expences.

ve'securi"

LVII. And be it enacted, That all and every Collector and Collectors.or e . Qtjler person or persons whomsoever concerned, or to be concerned in the Receipt of the Monies to be raised, advanced, or borrowed in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Acts and of this Act, before he or they shall be permitted to take upon him or them the Execution of any of the said Offices, shall grant Bond with sufficient Sureties to the said Trustees for the respective Purposes aforesaid, for the just and faithful Execution of their respective Offices, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and that all and every Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, ("o concerned or to be concerned in the Receipt of the Monies to be raised, advanced, or borrowed as aforesaid, secreting or nvif-applying the same contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit Treble the Sum so secreted or misapplied, with full Costs of Suit; which said Forfeiture shall be recovered by the said Trustees for the ref)ieftive Purposes aforesaid, by an Action before the Court of Session against such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons, his or their Surety or Sureties as aforesaid, or his or their respective Heirs and Representatives.

rot aiteretUo

LVIII. And be it enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Matters, and beimorce. Things in the said recited Acts, or in either of them contained, relative to the Appointment of new Trustees or Commissioners for all and every the respective Purposes therein contained, the Appointment of Collectors and Receivers, the levying and recovering of Rates and Duties, and the levying and recovering of Penalties, the Mitigation thereof, the making of Bye Laws by the said respective Trustees and Commissioners, and every other Matter and Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them contained not otherwise or hereby altered, shall subsist and be effectual during the Continuance and for the Purposes of this present Act.

LIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think hitnfelb herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Decree made or pronounced for the levying or recovering of any Rate or Duty, or of any Penalty or Forfeiture by this Act imposed, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, to appeal therefrom to the Justices of the Peace of the said County of R.enfrew in Quarter Sessions assembled, provided that such Appeal be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County within Thirty Days after the Date of the Decree, of which Notice shall be given to the Party or Parties pronouncing the fame; and the Judgement of such Justices in Quarter Sessions assembled, after hearing such Appeal, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties.

9

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Sheriffs and Justices of the Peace, Judges, and Magistrates, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and all other Officers and Executioners of the Law whatsoever, and every of them, are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in putting this Act into due and effectual Execution; and that this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed in all Courts of Law and Equity to be a publick Act, and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

851

SherifTs, &c, to aflilt in executing Alt.

Putlick Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiian, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

; a

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

sirs

GEORGII III. REGIS.

M K

Cap. 52.

An Act for explaining, altering, and amending, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His pre-fent Majesty, for deepening, cleaning, scouring, preferring, and maintaining, the Harbour of Port Glasgow; and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act.

[20th June 1801.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for deepening, ,* g, nr, cleansing, scouring, preferring, and maintaining the Harbour ofreu, ed-Port Gljfgow, for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting new Breajls, Jetties, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into and going out of the said Harbour, and for other \Loc. & Perl] 10 G ' Purposes

*54-

fcates granted

by former Act repealed.

Tniftees to

deepen and enlarge the Harbour.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

Purposes therein mentioned; the Magistrates and City Council of Glasgovn and their Successors in Office, or such Person or Perfims a^ they should appoint, were empowered to deepen, clean, scour, and preserve the said Harbour of Port Glasgow, and to build and ere ft such and so many Quays, Piers, Jettces, and Breads, as they should judge to be necessary and expedient: And for the better effecting the Purposes of the said Act, the said Magistrates and City Council were authorized to demand, collect, receive, and take certain Rates and Duties of and from the Mailers and Owners of any Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats, coming into or frotrt the said Port or Harbour of Port Glasgow; and the said Magistrates and City Council were empowered to borrow any Sum of Money not exceeding Fivethouland Pounds Sterling, tobeemp'oyedforihe Purposes of the said Act, upon the Credit of the said Rates and Durirs: And whereas it has been found, that the Rates and Duties gi anted by the said recited Act, are inadequate for executing and fulfilling the Purposes thereof, and the Sum then by allowed to be borrowed is already nearly expended, and the said Harbour is not, from the Increase of the Trade of the said Town, sufficient for the Reception and Accommodation of the Ships and Vessels resorting thereto: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may been acted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar, from and after the Firil Day of Julf One thousand eight hundred and one, the Rates and Duties granted by the said recited Act, with the Exemptions therefrom, and the Mode of measuring Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats directed by the said Act, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That from and afeer the said Firfk Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Magistrates and Town Council of Glasgow, and their Successors in Office, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, to deepen, clean, scour, and preserve the said Harbour of Port Glasgow, and the Improvements and Additions which shall be made thereto by virtue of this present Act, from Dirt, Mud, and all other Obstructions whatsoever; and to build and erect, or cause to be built and erected, a Pier or Quay cf proper Dimtn-fions, from the Western Extremity of the present Welt Quay of the said Harbour, to the Limits or Boundaries of the Ground hidden in Feu of and from the said Magistrates and Town Council of Glasgow, Superiors thereof, situated on the West of the present Quay, to run Northward to that Piece of Ground known by the Name of The Perch, and to run Eastward upon the said Piece of Ground, so as to take in and comprehend the Whole thereof, and to terminate in a Line, with the Eastern Extremity of the present West Quay, leaving Openings at the East and Well Ends of the said additional Harbour or Quay, to give Access to Ships and Vessels resorting thereto, and to build andereft jettces from the said West Quay, including the Quay above described, for the Preservation thereof, and to build and erect Sheds and Cranes upon the said Quays, and to levy and exact reasonable Shed and Crane Dues for the Ufethcirof; and that the said Magistrates and Town Council," and their Successors in

015. e,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. $2, 85$

Officr, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to feu or let the said Piece of Ground, called The Perch, or any Part thereof, for the Purpose of erecting Cellars and Ware-houses thereon, or to build and erect the said Cellars and Warehouses themselves, and to feu or let the fame, leaving sufficient Room between the said Cellar* and Warehouses, and the Quay for lading and unlading Goods and Merchandize into and from Vessels resorting to the said Harbour: Provided, That the Feu Duties and Rents of the said Ground,

Cellars, and Warehouses shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, and to no other Purpose whatsoever.

III. And be it enacted, That the said Magistrates and Town Council, Tjnfte«m«y and their Successors in Office, shall have full Power and Authority to fill r!r"m",r and up the Ground upon the Shore, between the Houses and Warehouses, which dispose of or arc built West ward from the present West Quay, and the said intended 1,1 tkefiune. new Quay, and to feu or let the said Ground so filled up for the Purpose of building Cellars and Warehouses thereon, or to build and erect

Cellars and Warehouses, or to cause them to be built and erected on the said Ground so filled up, and to feu or let the said Cellars and Warehouses, provided that the Feu Duties, and Rents to be paid for the said Ground, Cellars, and Warehouses, shall belong to and make Part of the common Funds of the City of Glasgow.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall t.mltoau-extertd, or be construed to extend, to authorize the building of any

Piers, Jettees, or other Works, which may or can obstruct the Naviga- may obit. ua tion of the River Clyde. the N.v.ga-

y turn of the

River Ojde.

V. And be it enacted, That from and after the said First Day of "July R»te« and One thousand eight hundred and one, it shall and may be lawful for the to 1,0 said Magistrates and Town Council, and their Successors in Office, and for such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to demand, collect, receive, and take (over and above all other Rates and Duties which subsisted before the passing of the above recited Act), the following Rates and Duties; videlicet. From the Mailers and Owners of all British Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats coming into the said Port or Harbour, and entering at the Custom House from any Foreign Voyage, Country* or Place, or British Plantation, Sixpence Sterling for each Ton which such Ships, Vessels, Barks,

Lighters, and Boats, shall me.sure: From the Masters and Owners of all British Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats bound outward from the said Port or Harbour, and clearing ac the Custom House oo any Foreign Voyagr, or to any Foreign Country or Place, or British Plantation, Sixpence Sterling for each Ton which such Ships, Vessels,

Barks, Lighters, and Boats shall measure; From the Masters and Owners of all Foreign Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats, coming into the said Porcor Harbour from any Foreign Voyage, Country, or Place, andentering at the Custom House, One Shilling Sterling for each Ton which such Ships,

Vessels, Barks, Lighteis, and Boats shall measure: From the Masters and Owners of all Foreign Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats, bound outward from thcsaid Portor Harbouron Foreign Voyages, or toany Foreign

Country

&S6 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

Country or Place, and clearing at the Custom House, One Shilling Sterling for each Ton which such Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boars shall meafuie: From the Mailers and Owners of all British Ships and Vessels of Thirty Tons and upwards coming into the said Port or Harbour, and entering at the Custom House, trom any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, without coming from any other Place or Country, Three-pence Ste ling for eachTon which such Ships and Vessels shall measure: From the Mailers and Owners of all British Ships and Vessels of Thirty Tons and upwards, bound outward from the said Port or Harbour, and clearing at the Custom House, to any Part of Great Britainox Tire/tm/, without proceeding toany other Place or Country, Three-pence Sterling for each l'on which such Ships and Vessels shall measure: From the Mailers and Owners of all Foreign Ships and Vessels of Thirty Tons and upwards coming into the said Port or Harbour, and entering at the Custom House, from any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, without coming from any other Place or Country, Sixpence Sterling for each Ton which such Ships and Vessels shall measure: From the Mailers and Owners of all Foreign Ships and Vessels of Thirty Tons and upwards, bound outward from the said Port or Harbour, and clearing at the Custom House to any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, without proceeding to any other Place or Country, Sixpence Sterling for each Ton which such Ships and Vessels shall measure: Anil from ihe Mailers and Owners of all Vessels under Thirty Tons, trading to or from the said Port or Harbour, Nine-pence Sterling Once in every Yetr for each Ton which such Vessels shall measure; the said Duty being always paid before such Vessel shall clear out from the said Port or Harbour on her Fir 11 Voyage in every Year.

HowTannaje

VI. And be it enacted, That the Tonnage of all Ships, Vessels, uined!afC*r" Ea:ks, Lighters, and Boats, liable in Payment of the Duties hereby granted, shall be measured and ascertained, according to the Rules established by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and £n-towegement of Shipping and Navigation.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Magistrates and Town Council) and their Successors in Office, shall be, and they are hereby authonz-ed and empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at interest, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding at any One Time the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds Sterling, and to grant, assign, and set over, the I'everal Rates and Duties given and granred by this Act, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to advance and lend Money thereon, for leaning the Payment of the lame with Interest, and that the Money so to be borrowed and advanced, shall be employed for the Ends an.1 Purposes of this Act; and of the said recited Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, and for no other Purpose whatever.

A'p’icit on

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Money to be bor-01 Mjncy. rowed under the Authority of this Act, shall be applied, in the Firil Place, to pay and discharge the Sum of Five thousand Pounds Sterling, or lb much thereof as has been borrowed under the before recited Act, with what Interest may be due thereon; and that no Sum of Money exceeding

Trusteet n-.sy borrow Money.

857

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

ceeding Ten thousand Pounds Sterling, shall be raised or borrowed under the Authority of this present Adf, until the Rates and Duties hereby granted shall exceed or be equal, after defraying all Expences, to pay Ten Pounds by the Year for each Hundred Pounds borrowed or to be borrowed.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Act of the Twelfth Year of FormerAftto

His present Majesty herein-before recited, with the whole Clauses, Powtrs, ^"pt

Privileges, Jurisdictions, Provisions, Regulations, Reservations, and where altered. Exemptions therein concained, shall remain and continue in full Force

and Effect, in so far as the same are not repealed, explained, altered, and extended by this present Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it enacted, That the said Magistrates and Town Council R*f" and their Successors in Office, together with the Commissioners named bCu,iduc'dr and appointed in and by the said recited Act, or any Eleven or more of

them, at General Meetings assembled, may and they are hereby empowered, by and with the Consent of the Persons advancing and lending Money on the Security of the said Rates, to lessen and reduce the aforesaid Rates and Duties granted by this Act, as they shall judge reasonable and expedient, and the State of the Rates and Duties aforesaid will admit.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Expence of parting this Act shall be F*r'nc«of paid from the Rates and Duties herein-before granted, or from the Mo- t,ie a‘ ney authorized to be borrowed by virtue of this Act.

XII. And be it enacted, That every Collector or other Person whom- Collector* to soever, to be concerned in the Receipt of the Monies to be raised or gl,e ecuI"J'-borrowed in pursuance of this Act, before he shall be permitted to

take upon himself the Execution of the said Office, shall grant Bond with such Securities to the Trustees hereby appointed for the faithful Execution of his Office, as the said Trustees shall approve-, and that every Collector or other Person whomsoever to be concerned in the Receipt of the Monies to be raised or borrowed as aforesaid, secreting or misapplying the fame, shall forfeit One hundred Pounds Sterling, over and above the Sum so secreted or misapplied, with full Costs of Suit, to be recovered by the said Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid by an Action btfote the Court of SelHon against such Collector or other Person, and his Surety or Sureties, or his or their respective Heirs and Repre-lentatives.

XIII. And be it enacted, That so soon as the whole Money to be bor- When Dime* rowed under the Authority of this Act, and the Interest thereof, shall toce;irc-

be paid and discharged, and the further Sum of Five thousand Pounds Sterling shall have been levied and raised for upholding and keeping in Repair the aforesaid Harbour, then the Rates and Duties hereby granted and imposed shall cease and determine.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, Officer* to Judges and Magistrates, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and 'u,*!0’'*

[iw.tfftr.] to H all E

9

858

i'ublick Act.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

all other Officers and Executors of the Law whomsoever, are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in putting this Act into due and lawful Execution; and that this Act shall be deemed, allowed to be, and taken Notice of, in all Courts of Law and Equity, as a Publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

♦I*

Cap. S3-

An Act for more effectually improving and maintaining the old Harbour of Rye in the County of Suf-sex.

[20th Jutte 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for difontinuing the new Harbour of Rye in the County of Sussex, and for repealing several Acts relating thereto, and for providing for the Discharge of a Debt accrued on Account thereof, and for making Reparation for certain Losses; and for the Improvement of the old Harbour of Rye; the several Acts therein mentioned, for improving and maintaining the Harbour of Rye, were repealed; and it was thereby enacted, that the Debt of Seven thousand three hundred twenty-one Pounds and One Shilling, due on Account of the Works of the said intended new Harbour, should be paid out of the Funds of Ramsgate Harbour; and certain Commissioners were thereby appointed for the Improvement of the old Harbour of Rye, and for putting the said Act into Execution; and the Sum of Five thousand seven hundred and fourteen Pounds Five Shillings and Nine-pence, Old South Sea Annuities, and the Dividends due thereon, (which were appropriated by an Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Use of the said Harbour of Rye), were thereby directed to be transferred to Ten Commissioners therein named, or any Three or [Loc. y Fer-2 101 more

[Preamble.]

37 Geo. IIV.

862

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

more of them, who were likewise to be paid the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds out of the Funds of Ramsgate Harbour; and the said Att directed that all Monies which should be received by, or become verted in, the Commissioners appointed by or by virtue of the said Act, (the Application of which was not thereby particularly directed), should be verted in the said Commissioners, upon Trust, to apply and dispose of the fame in repairing or improving the old Harbour of Rye, and in treding or constructing any Works in or about the fame, in such Manner as they should think proper: And it was also entffted, That the Two Messuages. Cottages, or Tenements therein described, and the Stone Sluice and Bridge, and West Pier Head, and the Timber and Materials there, and also all the Land lying on each Side of the new Harbour or Cut, from the Mouth of the said Harbour to the Town of Rye, belonging to the Commissioners of the said Harbour, should be verted in certain Commissioners therein named, in Trust to sell the same, and that the Monies arising from such Sale should be paid to the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution, and be applied in the first Place to make Satisfaction to all Persons whatsoever who had been prejudiced, or in any respect damnified by any of the Works done towards completing the said new Harbour of Rye, or by the Abandonment of that Undertaking, and that the Residue of such Monies (if any should be applied for the general Purposes of the said Act: And whereas, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, the Commissioners of Ramsgate Harbour have paid and discharged the said Debt of Seven thousand three rundred twenty-one Pounds and One Shilling, and have also paid to the Commissioners of Rye Harbour the said Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds; and the said Sum of Five thousand seven hundred and fourteen Pounds Five Shillings and Nine-pence, Old South Sea Annuities, has been transferred into the Names of the Commissioners of Rye Harbour, and they have, pursuant to the Power givtn them by the said Act, fold Part of the Land lying on the East Side of the new Harbour or Cut, between the Mouth of the said Harbour and the Town of Rye; and which, upon the Sale thereof, produced in the Whole the Sum of Six hundred and seventy-two Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight-pence: And whereas, the said Commi Loners have laid out and expended the Sum of Six thousand three hundred and fifty-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight-pence in improving and maintaining the Works necessary for the Preservation of the said Harbour, and have also incurred Debts to the Amount of Eight hundred and seventy-eight Pounds and One Penny, in Consequence whereof, the said Harbour is now in a much better State, and capable of receiving Vessels of greater Burthen than heretofore, and the only Fund liable to pay the said Debt, and maintain and preserve the said Harbour, is the said Sum of Five thousand seven hundred and fourteen Pounds Five Shillings and Nine-pence, Old South Sea Annuities, the said Two Messuages or Cottages, and the Residue of the Land mentioned in the said Act; and after the same shall have been exhausted, the Commissioners will be left without any Funds whatever for the Maintenance of the Works of the said Harbour, whereby it will in a ftiort Space of Time become wholly unfit to receive any Kind of Vessels, unless the said Commissioners shall be authorized to levy a (mail Duty on all Vessels coming into or going out of the said Harbour: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 53. 863

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a (Tom-

bled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to TonnayeDu-

and for the said Commissioners, and such Person or Persons as they shall entering or

appoint, to demand, collect, receive, and take, of and from all and every <|-pvting

the Mailers and Owners of any Ships, Vessels, or Boats, which shall come

into or depart from the Paid Harbour, or any Part thereof, the several Rates

and Duties following; (that is to say), For every BritiJ)!> Ship, Vessel, or

Boat, laden with Coals only, the Sum of One Shilling per Ton, and laden

with any other Cargo, the Sum of Sixpence per Ton; and if unladen,

the Sum of Three-pence per Ton: For every Foreign Ship, Vessel, or

Boat laden, the Sum of One Shilling per Ton; and if unladen, the

Sum of Sixpence per Ton: But if any such Ships, Vessels, or Boats shall

come into the said Harbour by Stress of Weather, and shall not unload any

Part of the Cargo, then such Ships, Vessels, or Boats shall be charged with

and pay only One Half of the said Rates and Duties.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Duties hereby Application granted shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commis- °fu|^cs and sioners, and shall, together with any other Funds applicable thereto,

be by them applied and disposed of for the Purpose of repairing, improving, maintaining, and supporting the said Harbour and any Works I in or about the fame, and in erecting any other Works that they shall deem necessary or proper for those Purposes, and shall direct to be done and performed.

III. And, for better ascertaining the Rates or Duties by this Act made Forbftter»r-payable, be it further enacted, That in case any Officer or Officers to be jjuttei'"* thC appointed by virtue of this Act, and the Owner, Master, or other Person,

having the Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel in respect whereof, or of the Cargo thereof, any of the said Rates or Duties are made payable, cannot agree as to the Amount of the Tonnage thereof, it shall be lawful for such Officer or Officers at any ftasonable Time to enter into such Ship or other Vessel, and view and measure the fame, or the Cargo thereof; and if any such Master, or other Person having Charge or Command of such Ship, or other Vessel, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall obstruct, delay, or hinder the viewing and mea-furing of any such Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo thereof as aforesaid, the Master or Owner, or such other Person or Persons, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, to the said Commissioners, to be applied in like Manner as the said Rates or Duties are hereby directed to be applied: Provided always, That the Number of Tons of every Ship or other Vessel, or the Cargo thereof, so to be viewed and measured as aforesaid, shall be ascertained according to the Directions of an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

IV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to His Majesty's charge any Ship or Vessel belonging to or employed in the Service of shiP‘not lia-His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, with the Payment of any of the bl5to Duty* said Rates or Duties.

864 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

For Rtcorery V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Of.

"f n... ficer or Officers as aforesaid, either to go on board any Ship, Vessel, or

Boat, in rel'ped of which the Mailer or Owners are made liable to any of the Rates or Duties hereby granted or made payable, and to demand, collect, and receive the said Rates, or Duties, or otherwise to demand the fame publickly on the bhore, Quay, or Pier, adjoining the said Harbour, and in case of Non-payment thereof, upon Demand made on board such Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, or on the said Shore, Quay, or Pier, to take, seize, and distrain any such Ship or other Vessel, and all or any Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture thereto belonging, or the Cargo thereof, or which shall have been landed therefrom, or any Parr thereof respectively, and the same to detain and keep until he or they shall be

fully satisfied and paid the said Rates or Duties, and in case of Neglect

or Delay in the Payment of any of the said Rates or Duties, for Five Days after such Seizure or Distress made, that then the Person or P r-Ions so levying or distraining may cause such Ship, Boat, or Vessel, or other Goods and Things so distrained, or any Part thereof, to be sold, for the Payment of the Rates or Duties so neglected or delayed to be paid as aforesaid, and for which such Seizure or Dillrels shall have been so made as aforesaid, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges of taking, keeping, and felling such Distress respectively. rendering to the Mailer or other Person, having the Rule or Command of such Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, or being the Owner or Proprietor, or in Possession of any such Goods or other Things, the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Seizure, Distress, and Sale as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Rates or Duties shall, by virtue of this Act, be levied upon the Goods Chattels, or ro-perty, of any Person or Persons, other than such as are herein-before directed or made liable to pay the same, the Person or Persons upon whole Goods, Chattels, or Property any such Rates or Duties shall be so levied, shall and may recover the Sums so paid or levied respectively from the Person or Persons liable to pay the same, together with all Colls and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, either in the like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Act authorized or directed to be recovered, or otherwise by Action at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, to reduce and lessen the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, or such of them, or such Part or Parts thereof, and for such Time or Times, as they shall think proper, and so from Time to Time as often as they shall think fit to advance and raise the fame again, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Sunt or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Rates and Duties herein respectively specified; and any such Officer or Officers as aforesaid shall have the like Power of levying and recovering the said Rates and Duties so reduced and Ieffened, or advanced and raised again, or any of them, or any Part thereof, as is herein before given for levying and recovering the Rates and Duties herein-before granted.

P-w-r tc ba -

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any not exceedini ^'ne or more them, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered

Commifli inert may reduce tile Duties.

Persons raying the Hates may lecovet* from Pei foils liaaJc.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

powered from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One thousand Pounds as they shall think necessary for the making, carrying on, and maintaining the said Works, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to mortgage or assign the Rates and Duties to be levied and collected under and by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, for any such Term or Number of Years, and in such Manner and Form, as to the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall seem meet, as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Money which they shall so borrow, to such Person or Persons as shall lend the fame, or his, her, or their Trullee or Trustees, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, with Interest for the fame, not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that the Costs and Charges of every such Mortgage and Assignment, shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the said Rates and Duties; and that a Copy of every such Mortgage or Assignment shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept (or that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Commissioners.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Mortgag e»

and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment *"

shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby

secured, to assign or transfer his, her, or their Mortgage or Security and Right, to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured to any other Person or Persons; and that every such Assignment or Transfer shall be notified within Three Calendar Months after the Date thereof to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, who shall enter a Copy or Memorial thereof in the said Book or Books, to be kept by him for entering the Original Mortgages or Assignments, for which he or they shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and that after such Copy or Memorial shall be so entered, every such Assignment or Transfer shall entitle the Assignee or Assignees therein named, to the Benefit of the Original Mortgage or Assignment so assigned or transferred to him, her, or them, and to the Payment of the Monies due, or to grow due thereon; and that every such Assignee or Assignees shall and may in like Manner, from Time to Time, assign or transfer his, her, or their Right and Interest therein and thereto to any other Person or Persons whomsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons Creditors to to whom any such Mortgage, Transfer, or Assignment shall be made as 1,aTe na prc" aforesaid, shall from henceforth be Creditors, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money to them respectively due and owing on the said Rates and Duties, in equal Degree One with another; and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Sum or Sums of Money.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Qualification required by the said quatifiettion recited Act for Persons acting as Commissioners in the Execution thereof, Commit-shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the 1,01C1*-passing of this Act, every Person who shall in his own Right, or in the

Right of his Wife, be in the actual Post'eflion and Enjoyment of Lands or Hereditaments situated in some or One of the Levels sewing into or out of the said Harbour of Rye, of the clear yearly Value of One [Lee. & Per10 K hundred

865

looooA by Moitgn^e of

Taju*.

866

Commissioners may make U guiation* for taking away Beech, &Y.

No Commissiont-r to hold place of Profit.

For continuing the Power* of former Act.

1-imitation of Actions.

41° GEORGII Hr. Cap. 53.

hundred Pounds, and all and every Person and Persons redding in he Towns of Rye or Winchelsea, or within Five Miles of the said Harbour of Rye, and possessed of or interested in any Ships or Vessels trading to or from the said Town of Rye, to the Amount or Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act and the said recited Act into Execution; and if any Person not being so qualified shall presume to act in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, with full Costs of Suit, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and it shall be incumbent on the Person so prosecuted to prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, and in Default thereof, he shall pay the Penalty without any Proof or Evidence being necessary on the Part of the Prosecutor, other than and except that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act.

XII. And whereas large Quantities of Beech, Shingle, Sand, Sleech, and Slub, are taken and carried away by Barges, Lighters, and Ships, from and out of the Sides and Bottom of the said Harbour, for the amending and manuring of Roads and Lands, and for Ballad and other Purposes, the Removal of which Beech, Shingle, Sand, Sleech, and Slub, from the Sides and Bottom of the said Harbour, would be very beneficial thereunto, if taken and carried away from convenient and proper Places; be it therefore enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Orders as they shall think proper for directing from what Part or Parts of the said Harbour, at what Times, and in what Manner any Beech, Shingle, Slub, Sand, or Sleech may be taken therefrom, under the fame Regulations as they are authorized to make any Rules or Orders by the said recited Act: Provided always, That no Toll or Duty shall be demanded or taken by the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons, for any such Beech, Shingle, Slub, Sand, or Sleech which may be so taken away.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person appointed, or to be appointed a Commissioner for putting the said Act and this Act into Execution, shall be capable of holding any Office or Place of Profit arising or to arise from any of the Rates or Duties aforesaid, during the Time he shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said Act and this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, and all the Powers and Provisions therein contained, shall remain and continue in full Force and Effect, in so far as the same are not repealed, altered, or amended by this Act, and shall, together with this Act, be put in Execution for the Purpose of maintaining and improving the said Harbour, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance

867

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

fuance of the said recited Act, or of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, nor after sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid and brought in the County of Sussex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, Not Guilty, and give the said Act and this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said Act and this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall be given thereof as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or Tender as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants j and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon any Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit, in any other Cases by Law; nor shall any Person or Persons who shall offend against the said recited Act or this Act be sued or prosecuted, or liable to pay any Penalty or Forfeiture laid or inllifted by the said Act or this Act, after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Time of the Offence committed, any Thing herein, or in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the F.xpence'of obtaining and passingthis Expence of Act shall be paid out of any Monies that shall come into the Hands of the A:j. the said Commissioners, under or by virtue of the said recited Act, or this Act, or which may be raised on the Credit of the Duties hereby granted.

[Publick Act.]

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by

all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 54.

An Act for building a Pier at Sheerness, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, imposing, and recovering certain Duties, for the supporting, maintaining, and keeping in Repair the said Pier; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Minster in the said Isle of Sheppy (which lieth near His Majesty's Dock-Yard and Garrison of Sheerness) called Blue 'Town and Mile Town; and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS the Harbour of Sheerness, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, is very convenient and advantageous to the Trade and Navigation of the Nation in the Preservation of Shipping in Strcfs of Weather and in Time of War, as well as for the importing of Goods and Commodities: And whereas there is no Pier

or Wharf whatever for the Landing of Goods from Ships and Vessels coming into the said Harbour, (except that which belongs to, \Loc.& Per.3 10 L and

[Preamble.]

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

and is erected in His Majesty's Dock Yard at Sheerttefs, and from its Situation often endangers the Safety of Vessels lying the reto), whereby the Inhabitants of the said Towns are greatly inconvenienced in flipping and unshipping their Goods and Commodities, as the lame is an Obstruc-tion to the publick Duty of the Officers and Artificers of the f.,id Dock Yard: And whereas in consequence of there being no other Wharf or Landing Place for Goods, or for I'assengers having Occasion to come to the said Towns, such Passengers pals (and all Goods and Commodities belonging to the said Inhabitants are conveyed) through His Majesty's said Dock Yard, and also the Garrison of Sheerness, which causes a publick and improper Highway or Passage to be made through such Dock Yard and Garrison, to the great Inconvenience of the Inhabitants of the said Towns, and of the Officers and Artificers of His Majesty's said Garrison and Dock Yard: And whereas there is a very eligible and suitable Plot of Ground on the Sea Beach, which is situated on the South Side of His Majesty's said Dock Yard, contiguous to the said Towns, and running into the River Midway, whereon a Pier might be built, which would be of great Benrfic to the Navigation of the River: And whereas the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Pufiages and Places within the said Towns, (which are bounded as follows, that is to say, on the said DockYard and the River Medway, towards the Well; on Lands belonging to His Majesty's Board of Ordnance and to M r* sieurs James Gell and Thomas Bennett, towards the Sourh and Soui h West; on other Lands belonging to His Majesty's Board ot; Ordnance and to M fli urs Richard and James Chalk, towards the North and North Lift; and on the High Road Lading from the Garrison of, S/.eerntfs aforefiiici to Minster in the said Parish, at or near a Ploufe there called or known by the Name of Tb’ White Swan, towards the South East), aie not paved, repaired, cleansed, lighted, watched, or watered, and are (object to various Incionch-meots, Noilances, Annoyances, and Obstructions; and the said Towns are now greatly populated, and ihe Trade thereof hath of late Years considerably increased and is now increasing, and there are many Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places fotmed therein, which, by rea'onof Nuisances, Annoyances, and Incroachments, are in some Places almost rendered impalfable for Paffmgers and Travellers, to the great Damage1 and Inconvenience of the Inhabitants thereof: Ard whereas it would

contribute much to the Benefit, Health, ajid Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Towns, and to all Per Tons who shall have Occasion to resort thereto, as well as to the Increase of the Trade and Prosperity thereof, if Provision was made and effectual Powers grajited for raffing a Fund for the building a Pier near the said Towns, and for ascertaining, imposing, and recovering certain Duties for the lupporring, maintaining, and keeping in Repair the fame; for paving, repairing, clcai.f-ing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving the several Highway?, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places therein; for keeping the fame free from all Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions and for the other Purposes of this Act; but which cannot be effected wuh-out the Aid of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Duties and Impositions hereby imposed, and also the several Rates and Assessments herein-afeer mentioned,

871

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

tioned, shall form One aggregate Fund, and be vested in the Commissioners herein-after named for carrying this Act into Execution.

II. And be it further errafted, That the Members of Parliament for the County of Kent, for the Time being; the Members of Parliament for the Town and Borough of Queenborough in the f.iid County, for the Time being; the Mayor, Recorder or Steward, Jurat', Bailiffs, and Town Clerk of the f.iid Borough, for the Time being; the Members of Parliament for the City of Rochester in the said County, for the Time being; the Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, Assistants, and Town Clerk of the said City, for the Time being; Sir Edward Knctclbull Baronet, Sir William Geary Baronet, Aaron Graham Esquire, Bryan Bentham Esquire, Timewell Bentham Esquire, Edward Shove Esquire, James Chalk Esquire, John Swift Esquire, Michael Oakejhot Esquire, Robert Bwgefs Esquire, Tbs in as Bow tt Esquire, James Gell Esquire, Osborne Tylden Esquire, James Bejl Esquire,

Flint Stacey Esquire, Thomas Bentley Esquire, Jacob Ashlfy Esquire,

John Rigden Esquire, William Valence Esquire, John King Esquire, William Henry Kemp Esquire, John Penn Esquire, William Cantes Esquire, Samuel Elias Sawbridge Esquire, Samuel Cray den, John B'shop, John Smish, William Broadband the Younger, James Barnes, Edward Bishop, Philip Crel-lin, Thomas Chefmer, William Pearne, Thomas Edmeades, Wil iam Edmeades,

John Forjler, Thomas Japtes, Thomas Petch, George South, James Widgeon,

Robert Wilton, George Blackmcre, Friend Coleman, Rolert Cover.ey, Thomas Dennis, William Great bead, Robert Smith,. William Rose, Richard Stedjion,

John Wall, Thomas Brett, William Boarer, William Plane, John Feather-stone, Robert Bujbridge, Richard Gorham, John Bigg, Lewis Rowe, John Morse, Adam Pucbett, John Bhfs, William Greenstead, Richard Ingledon,

William Bigg, Thomas IVulston, Wiliam Swift, Daniel Chambers, Richard Down, Samuel Beckwith, Edward Field, William Raine, George Thorpe,

John Ellis, Godfrey Johnson, John Edmonds, George Mullinger, Edward Warren, John Hogben, John Price, and the several other Eerions from Time to Time to be elected and appointed in Manner herein-after next mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Commissioners Appo:ntment appointed or hereafter to be appointed shall happen to die, or shall refuse

or neglect to act for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months together, after having been duly convened by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or become disqualified, then and lo often it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Commissioners under this Act, or any Five or more of them, assembled at the then next Meeting which shall be held by virtue of this Act,(the Dtath, Refusal, Neglect to act, or Disqualification of such Commissioner or Commissioners as last aforesaid, and the intended Elect ion of his or their Successor or Successors, being expressed or noticed in the Summons for such Meeting), to elect and appoinc a Commissioner, qualified as herein-after mentioned, in the Room and Stead of every such Commissioner so dying, retufing, or neglecting to act, or becoming disqualifird as before mentioned; and every such Commissioner so from Time to Time elected and appointed as herein-before is directed, shall be joined wiihthe other Commissioners, and have the like Power and Authority velted in him in all Respects whatsoever for putting this Act

§72

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

Act in Execution, as if he had been named a Commissioner in or by virtue

of this Act.

Q; al'.fication

IV. Provided always, That no Person(save and except such Persons who fione°s.mif" by virtue of their respective Offices are by this Act appointed Commissioners) shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (otherwise them in admimltering the Oath herein-after mentioned, which Oath any one of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered toad, minister) unless at the Time of his acting he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of a Real Estate lying within the said Parish, of the clear yearly Value of Ten Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be pcffefled of a Personal Estate of the Value of Four hundred Pounds, or be rated, or liable to be rated, by virtue or for the Purposes of this Act, at or for the annual Value of Twenty Pounds, and shall have taken and subscribed an Oath to the following Effect s

I A.B. do swearthat I am truly in my own Right, or in the Right of my ‘ Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, or the Receipt of the Rents and Profits of a Real Estate, situate and being within the Parish of Mirjler, of the clear yearly Value of Ten Pounds above Reprises,

or possessed of a Real or Personal Estate of the Value of Four

hundred Pounds, or that I am rated, or liable to be rated, at and for the annual Value of Twenty Pounds, under and by virtue of an. ‘ Act of Parliament made in the Forty-fift Year of the Reign of

King George the Third, intituled, An Act, [here set forth the Title of the Act]-, and that 1 will well and truly execute and perform all and every the Powers and Authorities veiled in me in pursuance of the said Act, 4 according to the best of my Skill and Judgment.

'So help me GOD.

And that no Person who by virtue of his Office is by this Act appointed a Commissioner, shall be capable of acting as such in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath to the following Effect; (which Oath any One of the Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer):

I A.B. do swear that I will well and truly execute and perform all and

A every the Powers and Authorities veiled in me in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act, [here set forth the Title of the Act]; according to the best of my Skill and Judgment.

'So help me GOD.’

Penalty on And if any Person not being duly qualified, or if any Person duly quailed*"0t <lua*e<^ as aforesaid, shall, during such Time as he shall hold any qU Place or Office of Profit, except the Office of Treasurer, or be any way

interested or concerned in any Contract to be established or made by virtue of this Act, or any Work or Business to be done under the fame, or where he shall be personally interested, except as a Creditor, or shall presume to act as a Commissioner, or vote upon any Question in which he shall be personally interested in she Execution of this Act, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with full Colls of Suit, to any Person who shall (ue for the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action ol

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54. 873

Debt or on the Cafe, or otherwise, wherein ho Essoign, Protection, or

Wager at Law, or any more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Perl'on so I'ucd fbatl prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or that he

did not hold any loch Place or Office of Profit, or was not interested

or concerned in any such Contract, Work, or Business as aforesaid, (as

the Cale may happen), or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff than that such Person had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, not Commission.

being qualified as aforesaid, or whilst holding any such Place or Office, or -»ft

being interested or concerned in any such Contraft, Work, or Business, butm«y*’

as aforesaid: Provided always, That it shall be lawful for any Justices of Junior*.

the Peace for the said County to act as such in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Commissioners under the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed Meetingi of by virtue of this Act shall meet at The King’s Head Inn, in Blue Town, on the ^mention-Monday Fortnight next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and One of the Clock in the Afternoon of the same Day, in order to put this Act in Execution, and shall and may then and from Time to Time afterwaids adjourn themselves to and meet at the Place aforesaid, or any other convenient Place within or near the Limits of this Act; and if at any Time there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number to act of the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by or by virtue of this Act, any-one of the Commissioners present may adjourn the Meeting to another Day, and in cafeof any NeglectorOmission to adjourn, any Threeof the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, shall and may Call a Meeting at the Place where the laftMeeting of the Commissionerswas appointed tobe held, by Notice thereof to be given to the said Commissioners in One or more publick Newspaper or Newspapers published in the City of Canterbury, or in case no Newspaper be published in the said City, then in some other Newspaper or Newspapers circulated within the Limits of this Act, at lead Seven Days before such Meeting; and that at all Meetings to be held in pur- Commission. fuance of this Act, the said Commissioners shall defray their own Expences, and no Act of the said Commissioners shall be valid unless pences*"' made or done at some Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act; and valid

that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or verted in Meeting! the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by or by virtue of this Act, shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by the major Part of them present at their respective Meetings to be holden as aforesaid, the Number of Commissioners present at such Meetings not being leis Regulation of than Ten, for the Purpose of borrowing Money or granting Annuities, and not being less than Seven, for the Purpose of making Contrafts by virtue of this Act, and not being less than Five in any other Cafe, unltls where herein otherwise particularly provided; and in all Cases where the Number of Votes upon any Question shall be equal, (including the Chairman’s Vote), the Chairman shall have the calling Vote; and at every Meeting to be held under or in pursuance of this Act, the first Business thereof shall be the Election of a Chairman to preside at the same.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall be lawful for the Commission- Social Meet-e»s appointed or to be appointed by or by virtue of this Act, and in£* they are hereby authorized to hold any Special Meeting between their then [Lor. Cs? fVr.] io M last

87*

-no ;r; Rertfiflimu on revoking Ordu*.

Proceeding! of the Com-inifii >ntr« to be entered.

Officers to be appointed who shall give Sc-cutity.

Treasurer end Collectors to account.

4.10 GEORGII III. Cap.' 54.

last Meeting, and the Day to which any subsequent Meeting shall have been then adjourned, To as that such Meeting shall be required by Three or more of the said Commissioners, and Notice of such Special Meeting shall be publicly advertised as aforesaid, at least Seven Days belore the Time to be appointed for the lame, and so as that such Advertiscmems shall be signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and shall specjfy the C*use or Caul'es of such Special Meeting.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by the said Commissioners, appointed or to be appointed under or by virtue of this Act, shall be revoked or altered, unless at fame Meetings to be required as store-; said, and to be held for that Purpose, (of which Seven Days Notice shall be given as aforesaid, expressing the Occasion of such Meeting), and also unless a greater Number of Commissioners shall attend such Meeting, or revoke or alter the fame, than were present when such Order was made.

VIII. And be it further enabled, That regular Entries shall be made in a Book to be provided for chat Purpose, of all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, and of the Names of the Commissioners who shall be present at the respective Meetings, and One or more of the said Comrmfii ners who shall be present, shall subscribc his or their Name or Names at the End of the Proceedings of the respective Meetings, and all such Entries so signed shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all causes, Suits, and Actions, touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and that such Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of all Persons rated or to be rated, or affcITed, or who shall be liable to any of the Duties or Tolls to be imposed or charged by or for the Purposes of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, appoint a Treasurer, Clerk, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officers and Persons as they shall think necedhry, and may remove any such Officer or other Persons as they shall think proper, and appoint others in their Stead, and shall pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to all such Officers or Persons as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable , and the said Commissioners are hereby required to take such Security from every such Treasurer, Clerk, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper.

X. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and Persons shall, under their Hands, (at such Time and Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct), deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Persons as they shall appoinr, a true anti perfect Account in Writing of all such Matters and Things as may be committed to their Charge, and also of all Monies that shall have been by them received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and diffiurfed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Money as shall remain in their Hands to such Banker or Bankers as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct or appoint; the Receipts of which Banker or Bankers

- L 1 - shall

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54, 875.

shall be a sufficient Discharge for the fame; and such Officers and Persons so accounting, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners, shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administ'r) verily such Accounts; and if any such Officer or Person shall wilfully refulc or neglect to make and render, or shall refuse and neg-left to verify upon Oath, any such Account, or to produce or deliver the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Persons as they shall appoint, within Thirty Days next after being the reunto required by Notice in Writing, to be signed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Office or Person, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Powrr, relating to the Execution of this Act, or Duplicates thereof respectively, nr give Satisfaction to the said Commissioners respecting the fame, and Complaint shall be made thereof on Behalf of the said Commissioners, to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Person so negl sting or refusing shall be or reside, such Justice is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Officer or Person to be brought before him, and upon his appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way; and if, upon ihe Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath, (which Oath tuch Justice is hereby empowered to administer), it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected and raised by virtue of chi Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Person, such Justice is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment there f, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person; and if no such Goods and Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and latisiy the said Money, and the Charges of distrair.ing and felling the fame, or it it shall in Manner aforesaid appear to such Justice, that any such Officer or Person had refused or wilfully neglected to render and give such an Account, or to verify the lame as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating ihrreto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution c f this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer or Person, and he shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction n specting the same as aforesaid, then such Justice shall commie him to the C mm- n Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Officer or Person shall make and give a true and ptifeft Account and have paid such Money as aforesaid, or shall have compounded for such Money with the said Commissioners, and have paid such Coinpcfiiion in such Manner as they shall appoint, (which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make and receive), or until such Officer or Person shall deliver up all such Books,

Papers, and Writings, or Duplicates of the same as aforesaid; but no Person who shall be committed on Account of his not having sufficient Good* and Chattels as aforesaid, shall be detained in Prison for a longer Term than Six Calendar Momhs.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this pier» Lands,

Act, the Right and Property of and in all Land and Beach to be pur- M0ngingkto

chafed by the said Commissioners, for building thereon the intended Pier the (amt,

-; veited in the

en.

876 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

in the said Harbour of Slecrness, and of and in the said Pier, and all Timber, Iron Work, Wor d, Stone, and other Materials, which shall be purchased for the sof this Act, and the Property of all and every the Works to be erected in and about the building the said Pier in pursuance of this Act, (had belong to, and the same are hereby vestrd in the said Commissioners for the Time being, who are hereby authorized and empowered to cause any Action or Actions to be brought, or any Bril or Bills of Indictment to be preferred, as the Case shall require, against any Person or Persons who shall (teal, take, or carry away, detain, demolish, > estroy, break down, or injure, any Part or Parts thereof, and the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time have full Power to fell and disposeof, as in Manner herein-after mentioned, all or any Part of such Materials that shall be found useless, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the fame, and the Money to arile therefro n shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

Particular

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Mailer of every Ship, Hoy, edUto'bed'aid' or ot^cr ^edel, who shall lade or unlade, take on board, or discharge,

0 efal at or from the said Pier, any Corn, Grain, or Seeds, or any Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, Baggage, Parcels, or Passengers p'(ling or to pass from Port to Port within this Realm, shall pay lor every Twenty Quarters of Wheat, Meal, Ilye, Barley, Pease, Beans, Tares, Muflard Seed, Canary Seed, and Seeds of every Denomination, so laden and un-' laden there. Sixpence, and for every Twenty Quarters of Malt or Oats, Three-pence, and so at and after the said Rate for a greater or less Quantity than Twenty Quarters; and for all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Baggage, Parcels, and Passengers, so laden or unladen, taken on board, or discharged, at or from the said Pier, every such Mailer shall pay

by the Pound Freight, that is to fav. Four-pence in the Pound, upon

the Freight of all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Baggage, nd Parcels, and upon the Fare of all such Passengers.

Dutic* on im-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Mailer of every Ship, Hoy, poru.11111 X" or Other Vessel, v/ho shall lade or unlade, take on board, or discharge at or from the said Pier, any Corn, Grain, or Seeds, or any Beer, or any other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Baggage, Parcels, or Passengers, coming from, or to be transported or carried to any Parts beyond the Seas, shall pay in regard of his Freight, for every Twenty Quarters cf Wheat, Meal, Rye, Barley, Peas, Beans, Tares, Muflard Seed, Canary Seed, and Seeds of every Denomination, so laden or unladen there, coming from, or to be transported or carried to Parts beyond the Seas, the Sunt of Nine-pence} and for every Twenty Quarters of Malt or Oats, Four-pence Halfpenny; and for all such Beer or other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and for all such Baggage, Parcels, and Paflentiers, so laden or unladen, taken on board, or discharged there, coming from, or to be transported or car-red to Parts beyond the Seas, every such Master shall pay in regard of his Freight as aforesaid, for every Twenty Shillings or Pound Freight, Four-pence.

Duties p»y-

XIV. And to prevent Frauds, it is hereby enacted, That all such Mailers Ships, Hoys, or other Vessels shall be liable to the said Duties, accord-Freuhtor ing to the usual Freight of each Article, and according to the usual Fare

877

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

of Passengers, whether they dial] respectively charge such Fieight or Fare or not.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Merchant or other Person other Rates whatsoever, owning and lading or unlading, or importing or exporting r'a'"r any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Baggage, Parcels, or other Article Schedule at whatsoever, at or from the said Pier, shall pay towards the Purposes of this ,he Elld-Act, the several Rates and Duties mentioned in the Table or Schedule ac

the End of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Comrrifnon. to and for the said Commissioners or their Successors, or any Five or Article/ more of them, to ascertain and fix such reasonable Rates and Duties not fprcihed to be paid upon the lading or unlading, importing or exporting, of any *"u!cC Stlie-Article or Commodity not specified or enumerated in the said Table or

Schedule hereunto annexed in Proportion to the several Rates and Duties therein specified, as they shall think fit, which Rates and Duties, when so fixed and ascertained by the said Commissioners or their Successors, shall be considered, to all Iotents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the f.ime had been enumerated in this Act, or in the Table or Schedule hereunto annexed.

XVII. And for thebetterfecuring, levying, and collecting, and preventing Good?, tu. t«

Evafton of the several Rates and Duti s hereby imposed on Goods, Wares, J'r'j

and Merchandize, Baggage, Parcels, and Passengers, and other Things from th; Her imported into or exported from the said Towns, be it enacted, That from °"V*

and after the said Commissioners or their Successors shall contract for building the Did Pier, and have caused the Works thereof to be completed or deemed sufficient towards the erecting and completing th^fame, all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Baggage, Paicels, and Passengers, or other Things imported into or exported from the said Towns, shall only be landed or shipped at and from the said Pier; and if any Person or Persons shall land or (It ip any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Baggage,

Parcels, and Passengers, or other Things, except at and from the said Pier, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay (over and above the several Rates and Duties by this Act imposedj for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Nottopre-Act contained shall be meant or intended to extend, or be construed to be i adding of meant or intended to extend, to charge any of His Majesty's Ships or Goods con-Vessels coming into the said Harbour or anchoring the rein, with the ijjhtbiianu'of Payment of any of the Duties he.ein and hereby imposed and made the viiie of payable, nor to hinder or prevent the Mailer of any Ship, Hoy, or

Vessel Irom landing any Goods, Wares, 'Merchandize, Baggage, or Par- Dock Yard, eels actually continued to the Officers, or to any Person or Persons belonging to or residing in His Majesty's said Dock Yard and Garrison at or in any of His Majesty's Piers or Docks in the said Yard, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIX. And, for ircreasing the said Fund, and towards making the same Du'yonC<»l», sufficient to answer the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That in g®k(J,1*ud addition to the several Duties and Impositions herein-before mentioned to [_Loc. & Per.] to N be

87S 41° GEO. III. Cap. 54.

be laid and imposed, there shall be paid for all Sorts of Coals, Culm, Splint, Coke, or Cinder, which from and after the building the said Pier shaft be imported into or exported from the said Towns, by way of Impnfition thereon, (that is to say), for such Coals, Culm, Splint, Coke, or Cinder, as are or shall or may be usually sold by the Chaldron, for every Chaldron thereof, containing Thirty-six Bushels, Winchester Measure, the Sum of One Shilling, and so ;n Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron; and for all such Coals, Culm, Splint, Coke, or Cinder, as are or shall be usually sold by the Ton, for every Ton thereof, containing Twenty Hundred Weight, the like Sum of One Shilling, and so in Proportion for any greater or lei’s Quantity than a Ton: Which several Rates, Duties, or Impofmons respectively, shall from Time to Time be paid to the said Commissioners and their Successors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint.

No Person

XX. And be it further enacted, Thar, for the more effectually securing n'cocquet tiN (he Payment of the said Duties, no Collector, Customer, Comptroller, the Dutj pjid. Receivers'" of Entries of Ships, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer whatsoever, of or concerning His Majesty's Customs at the Port of Rochester, or the Limits thereof, shall hereafter give or make out any Cocquet or other Discharge to take any Report outwards for any Ship or Vessi- as aforesaid, or in the said Port of Rochester, or the Limits thereof, until the Duties hereby made payable by the Matter or other Person, according to the Tenor and true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be paid unto the Collector or other Person appointed to receive the same as aforesaid, and that the Master or Masters, or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, do produce and shew an Acquittance under the Hand of such Collector or Receiver, or his Deputy, testifying the Receipt thereof, which Receipt such Collector, Receiver, or Deputy, is hereby required to give, upon being requested so to do, without Fee or Reward, or otherwise to forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds to any Person who will sue for the same; and that every Collector, Customer, Comptroller, or other Officer of the Customs, making Default in any of the Premifts enjoined them by this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution, both of which Sums shall be recoverable, together with Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debr, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Efioign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds, so made payable to the Commissioners, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

fuftnfahr

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Dutio. the said Collector or Collectors, or any other Person or Persons authorized and deputed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to go on board any Ship or other Vessel to demand, collecr, and receive the said Duties and Rates by this Act due and made payable, and for Nonpayment thereof to take and distrain every such Ship or Vessel, and all her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereunto belonging, or any Part thereof; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector, or any other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, to distrain upon and impound all such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Baggage, and Parcels as shall be landed at or on the said Pier, and the same to detain and

keep

879

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

keep until he or they shall be satisfied and paid the said Rates and Duties; and in case of any Neglect or Delay in the Payment of any of the said Duties and Rates, for Five Days after any Distress or Distresses so taken as aforesaid, then and in that Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Collectors of the said Duties and Rates to cause such Distress or Distresses to be appraised by such Persons as the said Commissioners shall nominate and appoint for that Purpose, and after such Appraisetnent to sell and dispose of the said Distress and Distresses so taken, and thereto to satisfy himself or themselves, as well for the said Duty so neglected or delayed to be paid, and for which any Distress shall be so taken as aforesaid, as also for his or their reasonable Charges in the taking and keeping of such Distress, rendering to the Master, or other Person having the Rule or Command of the Ship or Vessel or to the Owner of the said Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Baggage, and Parcels, in or from which such Distress shall be so taken, the Overplus (if any) on Demand.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Commander,

Owner, or Part Owner of any Ship or other Vessel, or the Owner or

Part Owner of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Baggage, and Parcels ctmgejbie, landed or shipped at and from the said Pier, shall, at any Time from and °* u' ’ after the passing of this Act, elude or avoid the Payment of the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, by any Method whatsoever, such Master, Commander, Owner, or Part Owner of such Ship or Vessel, or the Owner or Part Owner of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Baggage and Parcels shall (land charged with, and be liable to the Payment of the fame, and which shall be recovered, together with double Costs of Suit, from such Master, Commander, Owner, or Part Owner, or the Owner or Part Owner of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Baggage, and Parcels in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, in the Name of the Clerk or Treasurer of the Commissioners for the Time being, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Inform ition, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, or in a summary Way before a Justice of the Peace in the Manner hereinafter described.

XXIII. And for the better preserving of the Pier and other Works to be Commissionerested within the said Harbour of Sheerness, from Prejudice or Damage, Annoyanct"* and for keeping clear the Access of Ships, Vessels, and Craft to and their Departure from the said Pier, be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall throw or empty into the said Harbour, near to the said Pier,

any Stones, Rubbish, Dust, Earth, Ashes, Night Soil, or Ballad, or dig or take away from thence any Ballast, Shingle, Stones, or other Things, the Removal or taking away of which may be prejudicial to the said Pier, or the Works to be erected there as aforesaid, or do any other Act, Matter, or Thing to prejudice or annoy, obstruct or encroach upon the fame, the Matter of any such Prejudice or Annoyance,

Obstruction or Incroachment, shall be examined into by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, who are hereby empowered for any such Offence, to impose any Fine or Fines upon every or any Person or Persons so offending, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, which Fine or Fines the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to the Collector

88o

Saving the Rights of the City of Ro-chester.

Subject to the Laws for the Prefenration of the Fiftiery of the Waters of Med way.

Saving to t) e

Rights of the City of London*

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

nr Colltftors of the Pier Duties hereby imposed for the Time being, are hereby empowered to levy and raise by Distreis and Sale of the respective Goods and Chattels of every or any such Offender or Offenders, rtmitring to him or (hem the Overplus (if any) on Demand; and the Fine or Fines when levied shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the Time being, and shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, the necessary Charges of levying and recovering the fame being first deducted; and further, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissnn-ers, or any Five or more of them, and their Offhrrs, from Time to I inre, and at all Times from and after the passing of this Act, when and as Occasion shall require, to take away and remove, or cause to be taken away and removed, any Incroachment or Obliruftion which may be necessary to be taken away and removed for the building, maintaining, improving, and regulating the said Pier, or for the better attaining the Purposes of this Act.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or derogate from the Rights, Interrfts, Privileges, Franchises, or Authori ies of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, or 10 prohibit, defeat, alter, or diminish any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction, which, at the Time of making this Act, the said Mayor and Citizen', as Conservjtors of that Part of the Waters of Medway within their Jurisdiction did or might lawfully claim, ule, or exercise, nor to amh 'rize or empower the said Commissioners, their Officers, Workmen, or Servants, Or miy of them, to embank, encroach upon, or interfere v.ijn any Part of the Soil or Bed of the Waters or Medway within the last-mrntiunrd Jurisdiction, or the Banks or Shores thereof, (save and except as far as may be necessary for the Purpose of building and maintaining the said pier, or ;ny of the Works thereunto belonging,) without the Licence and Consent of the said Mayor and Citizens firit had and obtained, m Writing, for that Purpose, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That for the more effectual Execution of the Laws for the better Protection and Preservation of the Fishery of the Waters of Medway, within the Jurisdiction of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, so much of the intended Pier and Works as shall extend into, and communicate with, the River Medway, within the Jurisdiction of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rochester, shall, as fir as respects the Fishery, be deemed and taken to be Part of the Waters of Medway, and be it all Times subjrct to all the Laws for the better Protection and Preservation of the Fishery, as if the fame actually was or were Part of the Waters of Medway, and as such, within the Jurisdiction of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent aforesaid.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or derogate from the Rights, Intcrefls, Privileges, Franchises, or Authorities of the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of'he City of London or their, Succtflbr?, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to prohibir, defeat, alter, or diminish any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction,

which

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54. 88x

which at the Time of making this Act, the said Mayor and Commonalty* andlCirizens, or the said Lord Mayor for the Time being, as Conservator of the River of Thames and Waters of Medway, did or might lawfully claim, use, or exercise, nor to authorize or empower the said Commission-ers or their Successors, or Workmen and Servants, or any of them, to embank, encroach upon, or interfere with any Part of the Soil or Bed of the River or Waters of Medway, or the Banks or Shores thereof, (except so far as may be necessary for the Purpose of building the said Pier, and the Works thereof), without the Licence and Content of the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens first had and obtained in Wtiting for that Purpose, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Comminton-and for the said Commissioners, or any Ten or more of them, from p"rmjjuiie«. Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to grant, de-mile, or let out, all and every, or any of the Rates and Duties hereby impoftd, in respect of the said Pier, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to take or farm the fame, from Year to Year, or for any Term not exceeding Three Years at any one Time, for the highest Rent or Rents, or belt Price or Prices in Money that can be had or gotten for the fame by publick Auction; and such Rent or Rents shall be payable at such Times, and in such Manner, and under and subject to such Covenants, Conditions, Restrictions, and Agreements, and with such Sureties for Paymenc thereof, as the said Commissioners, or any Ten or more of them, shall think fit, and the Monies to arise thereby shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the Time being, and shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, publick Notice being given by Advertisement, in the Manner herein-before mentioned, of every Meeting for demifing such Rates and Duties, or any Part thereof, and of the Cause of such Meeting, at lead.

Fourteen Days before the fame is held.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Property of, and in all the Property of Timber, Ballad, Gravel, Chalk, Flint, and Stones, to be brought and laid vTtte"in in the said Highways, and also all the present and future Pavements the Commit-, and Materials in the several Streets, Lanes, and other publick Railages, ,10ne"-

and Places within the Limits of this Act, as well the Carriage as Footways-, and of and in all Lamps, Lamp Irons, Pods, Watch-houses,

‘Watch-boxes, Pumps, and Wells, which shall be erected, fixed, sunk, or made, and all Materials, Implements, and other Things which shall be purchased or gotten, by virtue, or for any of the Purposes of this Acr, are hereby vested in the said Commissioners appointed and to be appointed by or by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby impowered to cause any Action to be brought, or to cause to be preferred any Indictment or Information agamdany Person who shall take, deal, or carry away, injure, or destroy any Part or Parts thereof.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said fr°7?u°e" Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered. Highways and from Time to Time, to cause the Highways to be repaired and amended, Streets, ttc. to and ratted, lowered, or altered, and the several Streets, Lanes, and other j^pavel Publick Padages and Places within the Limits of this Act, both in the

[Loc. Per.3 & 0 Carriage

58V 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

Carriage and Foot Ways, to be paved, and such Pavements to be from Time to Time amended and kept in good Repair, upon such Levels and in such Manner, and with such Sorts and Kinds of Materials as they shall judge nrcefTiry or pr per, and also to cause the said Streets, Lanes, and other public!; Passages and Places to be cleansed, lightrd, watched, and watered, in such Manner aS the said Commissioners shall think proper, anil all Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyancts therein, to be removed, and Drains. Sinks, Gutters, or Water-courles to be made, for conveying the Water off and from the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and that no Person shall, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, alter the Form, or break up the Ground or Pavement of the Carriage Ways or Footways within any of the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, or make the lame otherwise than as shall bedirested by the said Commissioners, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Offence, and fhch Person . so offending shall also pay all the Expences of restoring such Ground or Pavement to its former State.

L imps to be let up, and Houlss numbered.

wnlty for accidentally ft) caking, etc.

XXX. And be it further enactrd, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to cause such Lamp Irons or Lamp Polls to be put up or affixed upon or agair.ft the Walls or Paliifadocs of any of the Houses, Tenement', or Buildings or in any such other Manner, in the several Strtets, Lancs, and other publick Passages and Places within the Limits of this Act, as they shall think proper; and also to cause such Number of Lamps, of such Sizes and Sorr', to be provided and affixed or put upon such Lamp Irons and Lamp Polls, as they shall think necessary for lighting all or any of the said Streets, Lanes, and other Publick Passages and Places, and also to cause the said Lamps, and also the several Houses within the said respective Streets, Lanes, and other I'ubli k Passages and Places, to be numbered, and shall also cause to be painted, engraved, or described, in W ood, Stone, or otherwise, and to be fixed in a conspicuous Part of One or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings, at or near each End, Corner, or Entrance of each of inch Streets, Lanes, and other Publick Passages and Places, the Name by which each respective Street, Lane, Court, Alley, Passage, and Place, is to be properly called or known, in such Manner as they shall think moll proper for distinguishing the fame; and if any Person shall wilfully break, throw down, take away, spoil, or damage, any Watchhouse, or Watrhbox, or Lamp, or any of the Irons, Pi,ft., or other Furniture thereof, or wilfully extinguish the L.ight of any such Lamp, or delace or obliterate any such Name or Number, or any Part thereof, every Person so offending, and not being otherwise sued or prosecuted for the fame, shall for every Inch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall go to the Informer, and the other to the Commissioners acting under and to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and such Offender shall also pay to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, such Sum of Money as shall be a full Satisfaction for the Damage so done; and in case any Person shall careiessly, negligently, or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise Ipoil or damage any of the said Lamps, or the Irons, Pods, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not upon Demand make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto, it shall be lawful for

I

1!

P

it

t!

1A

te

2k

tl

it

t|

it

II

>h

at. a, 1

lit

in

i»l

\k.

w

*1

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54. 883

for any Justice of the Peace for the County of Kent, upon Proof thereof made by the Oath of any credible Witness, or on the Confession of the Party, to award such Sum of Money by way of Satisfaction for such Damage, as such Justice shall think reasonable, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings, and in Default of Payment thereof upon Demand, to cause thefjmetobe levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person who shall have done such Damage, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint and of such Distress and Sale, to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels, upon Demand.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or their Power to Surveyor, or such other Person or Persons as they or as such Surveyor from Mat"u,i. Time to T me shall employ and appoint, may and is and are hereby authorized and empowered to dig, cut, gather, and take away, any Gravel,

Stones, Ballast, Sand, Chalk, Flint, or other Materials out of or from any Common or Waste Ground, Clift, or River, or from the Sea Beach, being within or near the Limits of this Act, for the Purposes of this Act, without paying any Thing for the fame, (such Surveyor or other Persons filling up or railing the Pits, levelling the Ground, or (loping the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, so as the fame m <y not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle), and convey such Gravel, Stones, Ballast, Sand,

Chalk, Flint, or other Materials over the Lands or Grounds of any Peri Ion or Persons whomsoever, (not being a Yard, Garden, or Orchard), paying or tendering to the Owners or Occupiers of such private Lands for the Damage which shall be done thereto in consequence of carrying the said Materials over his or their Lands, such Equivalent in Money as the said Commissioners shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference or Disagrecment between the said Commissioners, Surveyor, or other Person or Persons appointed and employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent shall, in a summary Way, hear, settle and determine the Matter of such Damages, and the Judgement or Order of the said Justice shall be final and conclusive to the Parties.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, and Commission-they are hereby also authorized and empowered to purchase, take, or hire, fire*

any Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground, for the Purpose of digging, cutting. Ground »or g-thering, and taking away any Gravel, Stones, Ballast, Sand, Chalk,

Flint, or Materials, for the Purposes of this Act, or for the Purpose of building depofiling such Maceri. Is on the fame, or for the erecting a Watchhouse Watch-hour*, or Watchhouses thereon, or to rent or purchase any Building to be made life of as such, or for any other of the Purposes of this Act as shall appear to them to be necessary for such Sum or Sums of Morey, yearly Rent or Rents,

Or for such Time as to them shall appear reasonable; which Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Renter Rents, shall be respectively paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, and also to erect any Number of Watch-boxes for the Purposes of this Act, in such Place or Places as they may think proper; and likewise to buy or hire such Horses, Carts, Teams, or Carriages, as may be necessary for the Purposes of carting such Gravel,

Stones, Ballast, Sand, Chalk, Flint, or Materials, or for cleansing or watering such Highways, Streets, Lane', Passages, and Places as aforesaid, or for any other Purpose directed by this Act; and also to hire such

Persons,

884 41° GEO. III. Cup. 54.

Persons, buy such Materials, and make such Regulations for the better Execution of any such Purposes, as they the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion think proper.

obstructn?r

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it" any Person or Persons shall at surveyor, or 3ny Time obstruct, hinder, or molest any Surveyor or other Officer, other officers, or any Person or Persons whomsoever employed by virtue of this Act in the Peiformance of his or their Duty, every Person lo offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Pive Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

Commission-

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall The Highways' ^ave Power and Authority to cause all or any of the Highways, Streets, Streets', etc. ’ Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, within the Limits of this Ac, to be watered when, where, and so often as Need or Occasion shall require; and for such Purpose to cause such Number of Wells and Pumps to be dug, sunk, and made in any of the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages and Places as may be necessary; and from Time to Time to alter the same as there shall be Occasion, and to deFrav the Expences thereof out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, provided that no such Well shall be sunk or made lb as to injure any House or other Building, or any Vault or Cellar under any of the said Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages and Places.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time at A ny of their said Meetings, as Occasion shall require, to contract and agree with any fit Person or Persons, Artificers, Workmen, and others, for the making and doing of all and every or any Part of the Work or Business to be done in and about the building, finishing, repairing, or maintaining of the said Pier; and also for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, repairing, amending, raising, lowering, and altering of the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the Limits of this Act, or for the doing and performing all or any of the Work* by this Act authorized or directed to be done and performed, or for (up-plying any of the Materials for the fame, or serving Water for watering the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, or arty of them; which Contraft or Contrafts shall specify the several Works to be done, nd the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be luffcred in case of the Non-performance thereof, and shall be signed by Seven or more of the said Commissioners, and also by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works respectively, which Contracts, or a Copy thereof, shall be entered in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the Commissioners; but previous to the making any such Contracts, Fourteen Days Notice at the least shall be given in One or more publick Newspaper or Newspapers, publishedor circulated in the County of Kent as aforesaid, exprtfling the Intention of entering into such Contract, in order that any Person or Persons willing to und.-rtake the fame, may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Commissioners at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned.

Commission-rrs may contract for performing Woi ks.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. SA'

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause all and every the Works to be done in pursuance of this Act to be inspected by their Surveyor or Surveyors, or by such other Pei fun or Per Tons as they shall for that Purpose appoint; and in case the same shall not be well and sufficiently performed, according to the Intetlt and Meaning of loch Contract or Contracts, or shall not be finished and completed at or within the Time or Times specified within such Contraft or Contrails, then the said Commissioners may cause an Action to be brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster, against any such Contraftor, far any Penalty contained in his Contract, and on Proof of the signing of the said Contraft, and Non-performance thereof at the Time or Times for that Purpose to be therein mentioned, the said Commissioners shall be entitled to and shall recover the' full Penalty contained in any such Contraft, which, when recovered, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXVII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the said Commis- Commission-sioners (if they think fit) to compound and agree with any such Con-

traflor for any Penalty incurred by him for the Breach or Non-performance ppnalt.es for of any such Contraft, for such Sum of Money as the said Commissioners shall think proper, not being less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non-performance of such Contraft, and all Coils, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, Commiflkm-

between ihe Twenty-fourt’n Dayofytrne, and the Twenty-fifth Day of March, '"."X-'out in every Year, order and direct a fair and just Account to be made and written an Amount, our, ofall Monies received and paid by virtue or in pursuance of ihis Act, and for

how and to whom, and for what Purposes the same shall have been laid ouc

af)d expended, and a Copy or Duplicate of such Account, lignedby the:aid Commissioners, shall be deposited with the Clerk to the said Coinmiflkm--ers, who shall permit any Person or Persons so rated or charged as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons on his or her Behalf, to inspect the fame ac (easonable Times, paying the Clerk to the said Commissioners the Sum of One Shilling for such Inspection; and shall upon Demand forthwith give Copies of the fame, or any Part thereof, to any such Person, paying at and, r after the Rate of Three-pence for every Ninety Words, and so in Proportion for any less Number of Words.

if. n.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Signs, Sign Ports, Gutters, Forprevent-Screens, and Close Fences, which now belong to and are placed, or may m|n7,"croach' hereafter belong 10 and be placed, against any of the Houses and Buildings within the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, shall be fixed close to ihe Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, and '

Buildings, to which they shall respectively belong, and not other wise; and that the Owners or respective Occupiers of any such Houses or Build- ' ings as aforesaid shall, at their own Costs and Charges, and within such Time ai d in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, (by Notice in Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them, to be deliverer* to such respective Owners or Occupiers, or left at their respective Dwelling Houses;, order and direct, cause all Signs that shall not be fi<ed or placed upon such respective Houses or other Buildings-in Manner aforesaid, to betaken down and fixed or placed flat on the Fronts thereof j t [Loc. & Ptr.\] io P and

885

Commissioners may cm-pi y Surveyors, an<! fie for Bitath of Lontr.»£ts.

886 4itt GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

and all Sign Irons, Sign Pods, Pent-houses, Screens Close Fences, Spouts, Shew Boards, Shew Giafles, Bow or Proseding Windows, CeHar Windows, Porches and Bulks, and all Pods, Rails, Pallisadoes, Steps and Poors, Walls and Fences, being in or upon the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, and all other Encioachments, Obstrudions, Prosedions, and Annoyances whatsoever, attached to any such respective Houses and Buildings, being within the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages, Contrary to the Meaning of this Act, 10 be re* moved, altered, or reformed y and also to cause ihe Water to be conveyed from the Roofs, Cornices, and Pent-houses which belong to futh respect tiveHousesor other Buildings, by proper and sufficirnt Pipes or Trunks to be affixed to the Sides of such Houses and Buildings respectively, and from thence by proper Drains into the common Drains or W itercourses t and in case any such Owner or Occupier shall neglect or refuse so to do, or to remove any such Encroachment, Obdrudion, Prosedion, or Annoyance as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to caulethe lame to be done, and to cause all Costs and Charges attending the lame to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Occupier, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County of Kent, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby required and authorized to grant), rendering the Overplus (if any) when demanded to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall belo distrained and fold y and if the Tenant in Possession of any such House or other Building shall remove, alter, or reform, any such Incroachments, Obstructions, Prosedions, or Annoyances as aforesaid, according to the Directions of the said Commissioners, (except such as shall be put up or occasioned by such Tenant), i( shall be lawful for every such Tenant to deduct ami retain the Charges and Expences thereof out of his or her Renr, and the Landlord of every such House or other Building is hereby required to allow the fame accordingly and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter hang, place, end, build, or make, any Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Post, Peni-house, Scieen, Spour, Shew Board, Shew Glass, Bow or Proseding Window, Porch, Bulk, or any other Prosection, Obstruction, or Annoyance whatsoever, or cause the same to be done, contrary to the Directions of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the same to be taken down, carried away, removed, altered, or reformed in such Manner at they shall think proper, and the Charges and Expences attending the same shall and may be recovered of the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises re. fjaedively, by Distress and Sale of their Goods and Chattels, in the Manner before directed by this Act.

o^afionin' XL. ^urt^er ena^fd. That if any Person shall run, drive, or

Nuifrnces'.* place, or cause to be run, driven, or placed, any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, Truck, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, or any Carriage whatsoever, upon or over any of the Foot-pavements or causeways, or any of the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, or shall wilfully ride, drive, or lead, any Horse or other Bead or Cattle along or upon any of the said Foot-pavements or causeways, or shall kill, slaughter, singe, feald, dress, or cut up any Beast or Swine, Calf, Sheep, Lamb, or other Cattle, or shall permit or suffer any Blood, Filth, or Annoyance whatsoever, to run or drain from any Slaughter House, Srable,

Yard,

88y

r41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

Yard, or Premises, in or upon any of the said Streets, Lanes, and Other pu!> lick Passages and Places, or shall hoop, cleanse, wash, or feald, any Calk, or hew or law, or cause to be hewed or lawn, any Scone, Wood, or Timber, or bind or make the Wheel of any Carriage, or shoe; bleed, dress, or farry, or wilfully turn loose any Horse, or set, place, or expose 10 sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, either in the Foot-ways or Carriage-ways of any of the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, or shall hang up, place, or expose to sale, any Goods, Wares; or Merchandizes whatsoever, or any Fruit, Vegetables, of Garden Stuff,

Butchers Meat, or other Matter or Thing, on or prosecting over the Foot or Carriage Way, so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Person or Carriage, or shall make, or assist in making, any Fire or Fires Commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to, or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, in any Part or Parts of the said Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places whatsoever, so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Footway or Carriage-way, or to prejudice, annoy, or inconvenience any Person or Persons travelling or passing thereon, or fist, fereen, or flack any Lime, (except within the Hoard or Inclosure herein-after mentioned), or shall carelessly or wilfully break or damage the Foot-pavement in any such Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place, or cause the same to be so done, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exeeeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

XLL. And be it further enacted, That if any Waggon, Cart, or other Carri- Penalty on age, shall be left to stand or remain in any of the Highways, Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places within the said Parish, with or without the" Highway* Horses, for any longer Term than shall be reasonable and neerssary for or Street!, the loading or unloading thereof, or if any Stage Coach, Post Chaile, or other Carriage let to hire, shall be left to stand or remain in any of such Highways, Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages and Places, with or without Horses, for any longer Time than shall be reasonable and necessary for taking up or setting down Passengers, or for loading or unloading their Baggage or other Loading, or if any Horse shall be suffered to stand at the Door or House of any Person, so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any of the said Footways, or if any Timber, Bricks, Scone,

Dung, Wood, Goods, or other Things, shall be laid or placed, and left to remain in any of the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for removing or housing the fame, or if any Allies, Rubbish, Duff, Dirt, or other Nuisance or Annoyance, shall be thrown, caff, or laid in any of the said Highways, Roads, Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, and suffered to remain for any longer Time than shall be necessary for removing the fame, then and in every such Case the Owner or Driver of every tuoh Carriage, and the Owner of such Timber or other Things as atone laid, and the Person who shall throw, caff, or lay, any Dung, Ashes,

Rubbish, Duff, Dirt, or other Nuisance or Annoyance as aforesaid, or otherwise offend in the Premises, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sumnotexceeding Five Shi. lings; and if any such Timber or oiherThings, or huh Dung, Allies, Rubbish, Duff, Dirt, or other Nuisance or Annoyance, shall be suffered to remain in any of the said Highways, Streets,

L*nw, and other publick Passages and Places, longer than shall be necessary

858

Dirt not to he swept into any Dram or Gutter.

No Person to carry away Dutt but the Scavenger employed by Commissioner*i

Scavenger*

Duty.

Inhabitant* to fwecp Pavement* opposite their own House*.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

fary as aforesaid, the Surveyor to be employed by the said Commissioners is hereby anthonzed and empowered to cause the same to be removed to such Place as he shall think proper, and the Expence thereof shall be paid by the Person liable to the Payment of the said Penalty, anti shall and may, in case of Non-payment on Demand, be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is herein-after authorized or direikd to be re* covered.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Scavenger or other Person to be employed in cleansing any of the Highways, Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages and Places within the said Parish, shall l'weep, rake, or place any of the Slop, Mud, Dirt, Dull, Rubbish, Allies, Fihh, or Soil, to be found in any of such Highways, Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages and PLces, or brought therein, into any Conrmon Sewer, Drain, Tunnel, or Channel thereunto belonging, or cause the same to be done-, but every such Person shall place, lweep, or rake the fame together, so as to lie at the Distance of Three Feet from the Gutter or Channel, where the Widch of the Highway, Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place, will admit of and carry and convey the fame, (except the Soil of Privies or Necessary Houses), to such proper Place as the said Commissioners shall think convenient to deposit the latne j and no Person o:her than the Scavenger to be employed by or under the said Commissioners shall collect, gather, take, or car y away, or cause to be collected, taken, or earned away, my Dull, Cinders, or Ashes, out of any such Streets, Lanes, or other publick Pafiagrs and Place! aforesaid, and any Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer: Provided neverthelrfs, That nothing tn this Act contained shall extend to prevent or hinder the Owners of any such Duff, Cinders, or Ashes, to carry away or dispose of the fame for their own Ule.

- d t

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Scavenger or Person contrar-ting to cleanse the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages or Places, shall Once or oftener in every Week, and on such Days as the said Commissioners shall appointor direct, bring, or cause to be brought, a proper Cart or other Carriage into all the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, and shall, on or before his Approach, by ringing a Bell, give Notice to the Inhabitants of his coming, and give the like Notice in every Place in which such Cart or Carriage cannot pals, and such Scavenger, or his Servant or Servants, shall, upon the Request of any of the Inhibitants, or their Servants or Lodgers, go into any of the Houses and other Places where any Dust, Cinders, or Allies, shall be depufited, and take up and put the fame into such Cart or other Carriage, and carry away and lodge the said Dust, Cinders, or Ashes, in any such vacant Places within the Limits of this Act, as shall be thought proper by the said Commissioners , the Scavenger or Person so contracting giving a reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of the said vacant Places.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the passing of this Act, all Persons occupying Houses, Buildings, Tenement!, Shops, Warehouses, Yards, Gardens, or Stables in or against any of the

Streets,

889

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages and Places within the Limits of this Act, shall cause to be swept and cleansed the Footways, Paths, and Pavements, the whole Length of the Front of their respective Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Shops, Warehouses, Yards, Gardens, or Stables, to the full Extent of the Pavement before the fame, between the Hours of Seven and Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, twice or oftener in every Week, as the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, order and require, and also cause the Dirt and Soil to arise from fitch Sweeping and Cleansing to be collected and put together, (without obstructing the Way or Road), that the fame may be removed and carried away by the Scavenger or Person to be employed in cleansing the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting and paying any Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Shillings nor less than Five Shillings for every Neglect therein.

XLV. And whereas it may be necessary for cleansing the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the Limits of this Act, to cut, dig, fink, and make Drains, Watercourses, and Sewers, through or across certain Streets, Lanes, Yards, Alleys, Courts, Passages, Ground, or River Clough, through or under the Sea Wall intotheRiver Medway, within the Limits of this Act: Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause such Drains, Watercourses, and Sewers, as may be needful and requisite for conveying and carrying off Water and Soil from the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, to be cut, dug, sunk, and made through or across any Strcer, Lane, Yard, Alley, Court, Passage, or Sea Wall as aforesaid, within the Limits of this Act, belonging to any Person or Persons whomsoever, although the fame may not be Part of the said Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages and Places} and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to make such R ecompence and Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Street, Lane, Yard, Alley, Court, Passage, or Ground, through or across which the said Drains, Watercourses, and Sewers shall be so cut, dug, or sunk and made, as between him, her, or them, and the said Commissioners, shall be agreed upon; and in case of any Difference concerning such Recompence and Satisfaction, the justices of the Peace for the said County at the then next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden at Canterbury in and for the said County, Ten Days Notice thereof being giveninWriting by such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or by the Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, appointed by the said Commissioners to the other of them, shall hear, settle, and determine the fame, and the Judgement, Order, and Decree of the said Justices therein, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall begin to empty any Bog-house, or take away any Night Soil, or bring or place any Cart or Carts for removing the fame, from any House, Place, or Building, within any of the Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, before the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Night, or shall continue to take away the fame after the Hour of Six in the Morning, between Michaelmas and Lady-day; or after the Hour of Four in the Morning, between Lady-day and Midsummer; and no Person shall wilfully spill or \Loc. & Per.'] to put.

Commission-ci to cause Sewer* to be made.

No Night Soil to be taken away but at certain Times.

890 GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

put, or call, any such Night Soil out of any Cart or Tub, in any of the Highways, Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places aforesaid j ordepolit or convey the fame into any of the Drains or Sewers by this Act directed to be made as afotgsaid , and if any Person shall offend herein, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

oXLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Hog-stye, Carrion, "iinfive°,ller Blood, Offal, or Soil, being in or nearany of the said Streets, Lanes, or other t hings to be publick Passages or Places, shall annoy or be offensive to the Inhabitants removed. of the said Towns, or shall be deemed a Nuisance in the legal Accept-ation of that Term, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon Complaint being made thereof to them by any Person or Persons, by Notice in Writing, under their Hands, or the Hand of their Clerk or Surveyor, to order any such Nuisance to be removed; and in case the same shall not be removed (within Two Days after such Notice shall be given to the Person or Persons who ought to remove the fame), such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings for every Day that the same shall remain unremoved after the Expiration of the said Term.

Hoards may

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein be crated- before contained shall hinder or prevent any Person from ereifting or building any Hoard or other Thing by way of Inclosure, for the Purpose of making Mortar, or depofning Bricks or Stones, or making or working up any Lime, Sand, or other Materials used in building, or to subject him to any Penalty on Account thereof, provided that there be convenient Room for Carriages and Passengers to pals and repass, but so nevertheless at every such Person shall previously have and obtain a Licence for that Purpose, under the Hand of the Surveyor, or the said Commissioners; which Licence, such Surveyor is hereby required forthwith to grant to any Person applying for the fame, and for which he shall receive the Sum of One Shilling and no more; and which Licence shall specify the Length and Breadth of every such Hoard, and the Time it is to continue for such Purposes as aforesaid; and if any such Person shall erett any such Hoard or Inclosure of greater Dimensions than shall be specified in, or shall suffer any such Hoard or Inclosure to remain for any longer Time than shall be allowed by such Licence, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, for every Day of Twenty-four Hours that such Hoard or Indolurc, or any Part thereof, shall be continued, after Notice shall have been given by the Surveyor to take down or remove the same.

Hrguiation

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Pipe wattrV'of* belonging to any Water Company, who may hereafter supply the Inhabit-- ants of the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places with Water, shall happen to burst or be out of repair, in any of the said Streets, L.mes, or other publick Passages or Places, the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, or any other Perlor. or Persons to be by them appointed for that Purpose, shall forthwith give Notice to the Paviorof such Water-Company, requiring him to take up the Pavement and open the Ground at or near the Place where the Water shall or may issue, by Reason of the bursting or bteaking of any such Pipe, (within Three Days next after such Notice shall be given or left at the usual Place of . Abode

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54. 891

Abode of such Pavior), and the Pavior of such Water Company is hereby required to repair or cause to be repaired such Water Pipe, and to fill in the Ground over the fame, in such Manner as the Surveyor to the said Commissioners for the Time being shall direct j and in case such Pavior, to whom Notice shall be given as aforesaid, to take up such Pavement and open such Ground, shall neglect or refuse to do the fame, and to repair or amend such Water Pipes so bursting or being out ot repair, within Two Days next after such Notice to be given or left as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, the Pavior so refusing or guilty of such Neglect, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds-, and if any Pipe (other than such as shall belong to any Water Company as aforesaid), shall happen to break or burst in any of the f.tiJ Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, the Owner or O whers thereof shall cause the Ground to be opened, and such Pipe to be repaired within the Time herein-before respectively limited for such Purposes, and shall forthwith give Notice to the Surveyor of the said Commissioners, or such other Person or Persons so appointed by them »s afore laid, to relay the Pavement so broken or taken up, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Neglect or Refusal the Sum of Forty Shillings.

L. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Pavement of any of the said Street-, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places shall (after the for repairing fame shall have been completed by virtue of this Act), betaken up by the Water Pipe;. Pavior of such Water Company as aforesaid, for the Purpose of laying, altering, or repairing any Water Pipe, the said Pavements shall with all conve-ent Speed be relaid and repaired at the Expence of such Water Company, to whom such Pipe shall belong, by the Pavior or Paviors contracting with or employed by the said Water Company-, but if for the Purposes of this Act, it shall at any Time be found necessary to rajfe, fink, or otherwise alter the Poficion of any of the Pipes or Plugs laid down or placed by such Company within the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, the same shall be done with as little Detriment or Inconvenience to the Company to whom the same shall belong, as the Circumstances of the Cafe will admit of, and the Expences thereof shall be defrayed by the said Commissioners out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act.

LI. Provided always, That the Charges and Expences of relaying or Owners of repairing the Pavement which shall be broken or taken up for the Pur- fheExp.-rHes pose of repairing or amending any such Pipe, (not belonging to such of reputing Water Company), shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Per- t, em-fort as they shall appoint to receive the same, by the Owner or Owners of such Pipe; and in case he or they shall neglect or refuse to pay what shall have been so laid out or disbursed, for the Purposes aforesaid, within Ten Days next after Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and left at his or their respective Dwelling Houses, together with a Bill annexed thereto,

(which Bill shall contain an Account of such Charges and Expences), then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions against such respective Owner or Owners of such Pipes as aforesaid, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners

892

F.xpenrcs of altering Pipes in coiile-qtience of new paving to be paid out of Rates.

Proprietors requesting Pipes to be altered, to piy the Expenses 5

or the Com* inifliontrsmay compound with them.

Watchmen to be appointed.

D itv of Watchmen.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

mitfioners shall have so laid out and expended in the relaying or repairing the Pavement which shall be lo broken or taken up for the Purposes aforesaid.

LII. Provided nevertheless, That if at any Time it shall be found necessary ta raise, fink, or any otherwise alcer the Postion of any o( the Pipes or Plugs to be laid down or placed by such Water Company, who shall supply the Inhabitants within the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places with Water; or if any Leaden or other Pipes which belong to any other Person or Persons, which, for the Purpose of carrying Water into any House, or any other Place, shall be laid into or from any such Pipe or Pipes, or to remove any Grates that may be placed over any Common Sewer, Tunnel, or Drain, for the Purpose of new paving or altering the Pavement of any of the Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, the Expence thereof shall from Time to Time be paid out of the Monies arising or to arise by this Act.

LIII. Provided always, That when and so often as any Part of the Pavement of the said Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places shall be taken up by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of placing, altering, or amending any such Pipe, the fame shall, with all convenient Speed, be repaired by the Pavior or Paviors contracted with, or employed by the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or under the Direction of their Surveyor, at the Expence of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Pipes respectively, if such Pipes shall be replaced, altered, or amended at the Request of such Proprietor or Proprietors, and not otherwise: Provided also, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, from Time to Time to compound and agree with aay of the said Proprietors for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or other Measure, as they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think reasonable, in lieu or (lead of their laying down and repairing of such Parts of the Pavements of the said Streets, Lanes, publick Passages or Places as shall be necessary to be taken up for the Purposes aforesaid.

, f

L,1V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, may and are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to appoint such Number of Watchmen and Patroles to be employed within the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places for so long Time in the Night, under such Regulations and for such Wages as they shall think proper, and to provide them with proper Arms, Ammunition, Weapons, and Cloathing, for the Discharge of their Duty; and if any Watchman or Patrole appointed as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to perform his Duty, or shall in anywise mifbe-have himself in tire Execution of his Office, he shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every such Offence.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the Watchmen to be appointed and employed as aforesaid shall, during the Time of their being upon Duty, life their utmost Endeavours to prevent any Mischief by Fire, and also any Burglaries, Robberies, Affrays, and other Outrages and Dif-erders within the Lins ts of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the said Watchmen, or any of them, and they are hereby respectively authorized

»93

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

and required while on Duty, to apprehend and secure all Malefactors, Rogues^ Vagabonds, and other disorderly Persons within the said Parish, who shall disturb the publick Peace, or whom they shall have Caulc to susped of any evil Design, and to secure and keep in safe Custody every such Person, in order that he or she may be conveyed a* fbon as convey niently may be before forne Jo ft ice of the Peace for the said County of Kent, to be examined and dealt with according to Law, and if any Person or Persons shall assault or rtfift, or shall promote or encourage the assaulting or resisting of any of the said Watchmen in the Execution of their Duty, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings; and if any Victualler or Keeper of any Publick House shall knowingly harbour or enctrtain any Watchman to be employed within the said Parish, or permit or fuller any such Watchman to be and remain in his House during any Parc of the Time appointed for his being on Duty, every such Victualler or Keeper of such Publick. House shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any Thing herein contained shall not extend, or be construed to exttnd, to repeal or abolish, or in anywise alter the Provisions made in and by the Statute of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the publttk Highways within that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposest or to repeal, abolish, or in anywise alter the Remedies, Powers, arid Authorities for enforcing and recovering such Provisions, but that the Commissioners appointed by virtue of this Act shall, from and after the passing of the fame, be invested with all and singular the Powers and Authorities, and in the Receipt and Possession of all Composition Money, Fines, Penalties, Rates, Assessments, and Provisions, given and granted in and by virtue of the said Statute, or by any other Statute now in force, to the Surveyors of the Highways, in ajl Cases whatsoever; any Thing contained in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the present Surveyors of the Highways for the said Pariffr of Mivfter shall, on a Day to be appointed by the said Commissioners, within Thiity Days next after the passing of this Act meet the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at such Place within the said Parish as they shall direct, and produce their Accounts for the Highways, from the Time of ihcir entering into the Office of Surveyors to the Day of Meeting, for the Inspection of the said Commissioners; and the said Commifijuners are hereby authorized and directd to examine and audit such Accounts; and the said Surveyors are hereby directed to pay into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Commissioners, or their Collector or Collectors, One Third Part of all such Sum and Sums of Money, (if any), that shall appear upon the Examination of such Account to be the Balance thereof remaining in the Hands of the said Surveyors, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and from and after the Examination and Settling of the said Accounts, and Payment of One Third Part of such Monies, (if any), that shall be the Balance of the said Accounts, the Office of Surveyor of the Highways [Loc. & Per.] 10 R within-

General Highway A cl to remain in force.

Surveyor! of the Highways to produce their Accounts to the Cmmnillion-eri.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

within the Limits of this Act shall be determined, and all Rates and Assessments then made and assessrd upon the Occupiers or Possessors of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Limits of this Act, for or in respect of defraying the Expences attending the repairing and amending the Highways within the same, shall cease to be collected j any Thing contained in any former Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and their Successors shall, and they are hereby directed, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, and at all Times hereafter, yearly, and every Year on the Fifth Day of July, to pay or cause to be paid unto the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being, within the Parish of Mtnjier aforesaid, out of the Funds vetted in them by virtue of this Act, the Sum of Thirty Pounds, in lieu of the Highway Rates heretofore assessed and imposed by the said Surveyors upon the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, ard Here* dicaments within the Limits of this Act, for defraying the Exptncti attending the repairing the Highways within the said Parish.

tr-'mi'^rruke I-IX. And be it further enacted, That for the more speedy defraying the Rates*y md ' Costs, Charges, and Expences of executing the several Purposes of this Act, and of obtaining and patting the fame, the said Commissioners shall, as soon as conveniently may be, and for ever after the patting the ieot, cause One or more Rates or Assessments to be laid and afiefled once in every Year, oroftener if they shall judge it needful, upon all and every Person and Persons who shall inhabir, hold, u(e, occupy, possess, and enjoy any House, Land, Building, Tenement, Shop, Warehouse, Yard, Garden, or Stable, within the Limits of this Act, or who shall inna-bit, hold, ure, occupy, possess, and enjoy any House, Building, Tenement, Shop, Warehouse, Yard, Garden, or Stable, that may be hereafter eredfed or made within One thousand Yards of any Part thereof, in such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, but so nevertheless as that such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, do not exceed in the Whole, in any One Year, the several Sums of Money next herein-after mentioned, (that is to say), for

paving and repairing the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages ?nd Places, after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Houses, Lands, Build-; ings, Tenements, Shops, Warehouses, Yards, Gardens, or Stables, which now are or shall be situate within the Limits of this Act; or which shall hereafter be erected, built, or made within One thousand Yards of any Part thereof, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching of such Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, after the Rate of Nine-pence in the Pound, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Houses, Lands, Buildings, Tenements, Shops, Warehouses Yards, Gardens, or Stables, which now are or shall be situate within the Limits of this Act; or which shall be hereafter eredle.i, built, or made within One thousand Yards of any Part thereof, and the said Comm 1-sioners shall cause separate and distinct Accounts to be kept of the Produce of the said respective Rates and AflelTmencs, and of the Application of the fame respectively.

Surveyors of

Highways of the Pai i(h of Minficr to be allowed jo/.

annum in ieu of High, way Rates.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54. 895

LX. And be it further enacted, That the annual Value of all Houses, How yearly Lands, Buildings, Tenements, Shops, Warehouses, Yards, Gardens, or H*u<V«°tobe Stables, so to be respectively rated and assessed as aforesaid, shall be afaruined. settled and ascertained according to the real Rack Rent, or full yearly Value thereof, or in any fair and equal Proportion of such real Rack or full yearly Value as the said ComnufUoners shall think proper; and the First Year for which such Rates or Assessments shall be made, shall commence, for or in rel'pest of such Houses, Lands, Buildings,

Tenements, Shops, Warehouses, Yards, Gardens, and Stables, as now are or shall be hereafter erected and tiled in within the Limits of this Act, from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, and the Money so rated and assessed under and in pursuance of this Act, shall from Time to Time be paid to the Collector or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, at such Time or Times in every Year, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, and shall be paid over by such Collector or Collectors into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, or such Banker or other Person or Persons as they shall order or direct for that Purpose.

LXI. And whereas several Houses and Buildings liable to be rated of Rues on aflWTrd under this Act, are by the Owners thereof let out into Lodgings or rl'* Tenements to several Tenants, whereby it may be difficult to recover such nantt to i* Rates or Assessments when made; be it therefore enacted, That the said Lnndul'rd*0 Commissioners shall and may rate or assess the Person for the Time being thereof, entitled to any Houses or Buildings which shall be let to or occupied by Two or more Tenants, and the fame (halt be deemed as One House or Tenement, and such Rates or Assessments shall be paid by any One or more of the Tenants of any Part or Parts of such Houses or Buildings, who is and are hereby authorized to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so rated or assessed upon the Person for the Time being entitled to the fame in pursuance of this Act, and to deduct and retain such Sum and Sums of Money out of his, her, or their Rent, and the Person for the Time being entitled to such Premises is hereby required to allow such Deduction.

LXII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Rower to mi-Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon the Complaint of duce'Ratei* any Occupier of a Dwelling House rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, where Kents and whole Rent for Inch Dwelling House shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds a Year, to mitigate, lessen, reduce, or excule the Rate or Sum of;/. Assessmeny charged upon such Occupier for and on Account of his or her Exigency or Inability, as they the said Commissioners shall, in their Discretion, think proper and reasonable.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall bel.iwfol for any Person or Persons having an Order under the Hands of any Three or more of the IJtcud.'" said Commissioners, to inspect or take Copies or Extracts of any Pares made for raising Money for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor within the said Parish, which Inspection, Copies, and Extracts, the Person or Persons having the Custody of such Rates respectively, are hereby required to permit to be made without Fee or Reward, upon the produc.rg of Inch Order; and in case any Person having the Custody of any such Ra eslhall Rcgleft or refute so to do within Three Days next after such Order shall have

896 41° GEORGII III. Cap'. 54.

have been produced and shewn to him, or a Copy thereof left at his utual Place cf Abode, he shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

Recovery of

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person who shall I e

Rate». rated or assessed, or subject or liable to the Payment of any Rate or A(Te(T-

ment by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuie to pay any such Rate or Assessment to the Collector or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, firthe Space of Ten Days after personal Demand thereof made, or Demand in Writing left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County of Kent, upon Proof made upon Oath of such Demand and Non-payment, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to authorize and direct the said Collector or Collectors to levy such Rate or Money so in Arrear, together with the Costs and Charges attending the fame, to be ascertained by such Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so refuting or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if anyJ to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels on Demand.

Commi Hi on-

LXV. And whereas several Persons already have paved, at their own Ex-

Allow*ri«»to Pence» f°mc Part or Parts of the Footways and Grounds before their fjch persons Houses or Buildings situate within the Limits of this Act, and it is reason-*s have paved able that such Persons should have some Allowance in respect of lo much Expence?"1 of such Pavement as may be used for the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from and out of the Money to arise under this Act, to make and pay to such Persons respectively, such Payments or Allowances for or in respect of the Pavements made by them as aforesaid, or the Materials thereof which may be made use of for the Purposes of this Act, as to them the said Commissioners in their Discretion shall appear to be fair and reasonable.

tommission- LX

VI. And for the more speedy raising Money for the Purposes of this SrMonij?* AS, be it further tnaStd, That it shall he lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Intrreft any Sum or Sums of Money, upon the Credit of the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, herein-before granted, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to mortgage or assign over the said Rates, Duties, and Assessments, to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money, or his or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the Money so to be borrowed, together with Interest (or the fame; and every such Alignment may be according to the Form following:

t>Y virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-first Year of the

& Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [set forth the Title ef '.he

-rfd7j, We being Ten of the Cotn-

missioners appointed by virtue of the said Act, in Confederation of the

Sum of advanced and lent by A.B. to

C.D. Treasurer, appointed in pursuance of the said Act, upon the

Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act, do grant and assign unto

the said A. B., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Races, Duties, and Assessments, arising by virtue

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54. 897

of the said Act, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which is or shall be borrowed upon

the Credit of the said Act, to be had and holden from this Day until the said Sum of with Interest at

per Centum per Annum, for the fame, to be paid Half-yearly, shall be

fully repaid and satisfied. In Witness whereof we have hereunto set

‘ our Hands and Seals this Day of

And every such Alignment shall be good, valid, and effectual, in Law.

LXVII. Provided always, That in case the said Commissioners (hill think Money to U it adviseable to raise all or any Part of the Money necefl.iry for the Pu poses An*

of this Act, by the granting of Annuities for the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and c-mpoweied, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to grant any Annuity or Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every such Contributor, or the natural Life of every such Person as shall be no minated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor at the Time of the Payment of his or her Contribot-on or Purchase Money, so as that no such Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds for One hundred Pounds for a Year; and the Grant of every such Annuity may be according to the Form following:

nY virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [set forth the Title of tho A£f\, We being Ten of the Com

miiiloners appointed by virtue of the said Act, in Confederation of the Sum. of paid by A.B. to C. D., the

Treasurer appointed in pursuance of the said Act, do hereby grant unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, an Annuity or yearly Sum of out of the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, arising by virtue of the said Act, which Annuity or yearly Sum of shall be paid to the said his Executors, Ad-

mmillrators, and Assigns, at in the said Parish,

upon the Day of in every Year during the

natural Life of the First Payment thereof

1 to be made upon the now next ensuing

1 the Date hereof. In Witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands 1 and Seals, this Day of

And every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law; which Annuities said several Annuities so to be purchased shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid out of the Rates, Duties, and AilefftWerift, herein-before mentioned, and shall be made payable and be paid quarterly during the natural Lives of such Contributors respectively, or the natural Lite or Lives of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by such respective Contributors, and a proportionate Part of each Annuity (h ill be paid from the last Quarter Day ot Payment, to the Day of the Death of the Annuitant, or his cejlui qui vie, and none Of the said Annuities shall be subject to any Tax or Deduction.

[Lee. & Per.2 10 S

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54,

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the PersonJ entitled to any of the Securities for the Money borrowed, or for the Annuities granted as aforesaid, by Writing under their Hands, indorsrd thereon, to transfer the fame respectively to any Person or l’ersons, in the Form following

I A.B. do hereby assign the within Mortgage (or Grant of the within

mentioned Annuity), 3nd all my Righc and Title in and to the

principal Money and Interest,- (or Annuity, and all Arrears now due ‘ thereon), thereby secured unto C.D. his Executors, Administruto

and Assigns. Dated this Day of

niafcofSecu. And Entries and Memorials of all Mortgages or Alignments, and Grants rides. of Annuity, which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and of all

Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Ltngth the Names, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions of all such Persons as shall from Time to Time be entitled to the principal Money and Interest, or the Annuities thereby respectively secured, shall be entered in a Rock, to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, to which Book any Person interested shall, at all fcasonable Times, have Access, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the fame, without Fee or Reward; and for the Entry of every such Transfer or Assignment, the said Clerk shall be paid Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more; and every such Transfer or Asignment after such Entry thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security or Grant thereby transferred; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Assignments, or Grants of Annuities shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Monies or Annuities thereby secured, shall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned. Creditors on the said Rates, Duties, and Assessments, equally one with the other, without any Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing such Money, or the Dates of any such Mortgages, Assignments, or Grants respectively.

Application

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Money to arise by or from of the Money. tj,e Rates> Duties, and Assessments, and which may be bor-

rowed or advanced upon, or received for the Purchase of ar.y Annuities on the Credit or Security thereof, shall be applied in the first place in paying and discharging the Expences attending the obtaining and parting this Act, and afterwards from Time to Time in paying the Interest of the principal Money to be borrowed, and the Annuities to be granted as aforesaid, and in defraying the Expences of building, maintaining, and keeping in Repaid the said Pier, and of paving, repairing, rlean-sing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, of carrying this Act into Execution, and in paying oft the said principal Moray in such Manner as the said Commflioners shall think proper; which said Monies so to be raised shall become and be one consolidatrd aggregate Fund, and verted in the said Commissioners for such Purpol’es.

CreHirorsto LXX. And, in order that no undue Preference may be given to any of B»fiotd by l^c Persons entitled to the principal Money, which shall be borrowed and secured on the Credit of the said Rates, Duties, and Assessments, in discharging such principal Money in pursuance of this Act, be it further

8g8

Modeoftranf* fcrring Securities.

899

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

further enacted, That when and f often as the Money to be raised by the Taid Rates, Duties, and Assessments, shall amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds (over and above what shall be necessary to pay the growing Interest upon the said principal Money, and the Annuities which may be secured or granted in pursuance of this Act, and the Expeners provided for), the said Commissioners shall cause the Number of all the Mortgages, Alignments, or Securities, to be granted or made, and then in force for securing the principal Monies borrowed, of which Part shall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon distinct Pieces of Paper, of an equal Size, and all such Papers to be rolled up in the same Manner, as near as may be, and put into a Box or Glass, and One Number of the said Mortgages, Alignments, or Securities, shall be drawn out of the said Box or Glab, by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, in the Presence of Three or more of the said Commissioners: Provided always, That if it shall happen that any Mortgage, Alignment, or Security, the Number whereof shall be drawn out as aforesaid, shall be for a greater Sum than One hundred Pounds no more than One hundred Pounds shall be discharged in consequence of such Number being lo drawn.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That after any Bailor shall be had NofI(:etoi’e

, given to the

as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall cause a Notice, signed by their Person «hose

Clerk, to be given or left at the usual Place of Abode uf the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to, the Money to be paid off, pursuant to 0ir. ° e

such Ballot; which Notice shall express the Sum to be paid, together

with the interest due thereon, and that the same shall be paid at the

Place to be mentioned in such Notice, at the Expiration of Six Calendar

Months from the Day of giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid; and the Interest of the principal Money so to be paid off shall, from and after the End of the Gid Six Calendar Months, cease and be no longer

paid or payable, unless furh principal Money shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice and not paid; but the princip.il Money in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, and also the Interest thereof, to the End of the said Six Calendar Munths shall nevertheless be payable on Demand.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners Power to W. can at any Time borrow or take up any Sum or Sums of Money at a flntmit lower Rate of Interest than the Mortgages, Alignments, or Securities to difehatge which shall be then in force shall bear, it shall be lawful for the said ^ccj((lrties Commissioners, from Time to Time to charge the said Rates, Duties, L' anti Assessments, in Manner aforesaid, with such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit and proper, and the Interest thereof at such lower Rate as aforesaid, and to pay off and discharge the Assignments and Securities bearing a higher Rate of Interest, according to the Directions and Regulations herein-before prescribed for paying off the Mortgages, Alignments, or Securities.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Power to P,lr. for the said Commissioners, and their Successors, or any Seven or more of them, to contract and agree with the Owners and Occupiers, and all tic. 11 s' other Persons imerested in any Lands, Beach , Tenements, or Hereditaments, which ihe Commissioners for the Time being may think necessary and proper to purchase for building thereon the said Pier, or for improving Of and

900

Bodies Politick, and Persons under Incapacities, empoweted to make Conveyances.

Bodies Politick or other Persons enabled to sell and convey Lands, and refufin? to treat, Jury to ascertain the Value.

Witnesses to be examined tipon Oath.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

and widening any of the said Highways, Street*, Lanes, and Paffiges within the said Towns; and to and for ail Persons whatsoever, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Comm ttces for Lunaticks and Idiots, or other Trustres, not only for and on Behalf of thenifflves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Ccftuique Trusts, whether Infants or llfue unborn, Lunaticks, or Idiots, and for all Femes Coverr, and other Persons, who are or shall be Fifed, possessed of, or interested in tiny Lands, Houses, Buildings, Ten- ments, or Hereditaments, which shall be necessary to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, to contrail for, fell, am) convey to the said Commissioners and their Successors, or any Seven or mote of tlu-m, or to such Person or Persons, and his or their Heirs, as the said Commissioners, or their Successors, or any Seven or in re of them, shall direct; or appoint in Trull, to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act.alloranyluchl.ands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, or any Term for Years, or any Estate or Interest therein, and every such Contrail, Agreement, Bargain, Sale, Assignment, or other Conveyance, shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick and Corporate, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees for Lunaticks and Idiots, and all other Persons, shall be, and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons whonsoever, who are hereby enabled to convey for the Purposes aforesaid, shall refute to treat, contrail, and agree with the said Commissioners or their Successors, or any Seven or more of them, or in cale the said Commissioners and any Person or Persons with whom they may contrail and agree for the Sale of any such Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall chuse to have the Value thereof ascertained by a Jury, then and in every such Case happening, the said Commissioners or their Successors, or any Seven or more of them, shall and will give or cause to be given to such Owner or Owners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or other Persons, or leave of cause to he left at the House of the Tenant in PuffelTion of such Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Ten Days Notice in Writing particularizing and describing the fame, and that the Value thereof shall be ascertained and settled by a Jury of indifferent Men of the County of Kent, and upon the Expiration of loch Notice or Warning so to be given or left as aforesaid, the said Commissioners or their Successors, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to cause a Jury to be summoned in Manner herein-after mentioned, and to call and summon before such Jury, and examine upon Oath, any Person or Persons whomsoever, (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners or their Successors is and are hereby empowered to administer), and such Commissioners, or any Sevtn or more of them, shall, by ordeiing a View or otherwise, life all Ways and Means as veil for their own as the said Jury’s Information in the Premiffs; and afrerthe said Jury shall have enquired of and ascertained the Value, and aUefted the Damages and Recompence to be given for the Purchase of such Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, they the said Commissioners

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54. 901

missioners or their Successors, or any Seven or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, award, and determine, the Sum or Sums of Money so ascertained and assessed by the Jury to be the Value thereof, to be paid to the said Owners, Bodies Politick or Corporate as aforesaid, and other Persons interested in such Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to the Verdict and Inquisition of the said Jury, which said Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgement, Ordrr, Award, or Determination thereupon shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all VerdiAofthfc Intents and Purposes, against alb Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming to

or to claim in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present. Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, Idcots, Persons under any D.fability whatsoever, Bodies Politick,

Corporate, or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever; and for summoning and returning such Juries, the said Commissioners or their Successors, or any Seven o- more of them, are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant to the Sheriff of the County of Kent, requiring him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons qualified to serve upon such Juries, to appear before the said Commissioners or their Successors, or any Seven or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so summoned, impannelled, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon Summons as aforesaid, the said Commissioners or their Successors, or any Seven or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to draw by Bailor, and to (wear or cause to be sworn Twelve Men, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid j and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jury Men, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, or any Seven or more of them, the said Commissioners shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service, to make up the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Jurors may be Challenges against any of the said Jury Men when they come to be sworn; C1 and the said Commissioners or their Successors, or any Seven or more of them, acting in the Premises, shall have full Power, from Time to T.me, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiff or Agent, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons thac shall be summoned and returned on such Jury 8nd who shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn, shall refuse to give, or for not giving a Verd £t, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who shall be required to give Evidence before the said Jury, and shall refuse or mglcdl to appear, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence, so that no such Fine be more than Ten Pounds nor Iris than Forty Shillings on any One Person for One Offence,

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in Ext* of and deliver a Vetdict or Assessment for more Money as a R-compence to be to

given to the respective Owner or Owners, for the Purchase of any Lands,

Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Commissioners or their Successors, or any Seven or more of them, before thesummoning [Lee. £? Per.] to T and

902

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

and returning of the Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Purchase of any luih Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, that then and in such Cale the Costsand Charges of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be home and paid by the said Commissioners or their Successors, ouc of the Duties, Rates, Assessments, and Tolls hereby imposed and granted, or out of any Money to be borrowed upon the Credit thereof; but if any futh Jury shall give and deliver a Verdictor Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Commissioners or their Successors, or any Seven or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction to be given for such Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, that then and in such Case, the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners or their Successors shall have had the Dispute, or who shall have refused to treat as aforesaid, or requrfted such Jury to be summoned: Provided always, That in Cases where any Person or Persons shall, by Reason of Absence have been prevented from treating, One H If of such Colts and Expences shall be dedufled ouc of the Purchase Money, and the other Halt shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners or their Successors in Manner aforesaid.

On Failure of I.XXVI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum or clear Title Sums of Money so to be awarded and adjudged for the Purchase of the said PurchaseMo. Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part rnto' the Bink* thereof, the Person or Persons entitled thereto shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and tfiVdual Conveyances, Assignments, and Assurances of such Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, to the said Commissioners, or their Successors, or any Seven or more of them, for which such Sum or Sums of Money have been so awarded and adjudged, and shall do all Acts, Matters, and Things, necessary or requisite to make a good, clear, and perfect Title thereto , and in case any Person df;Persons to whom such Money shall be awarded as aforesaid, shall not evince a clear Title to the said Premises, to the said Commissioners or their Successors, and make, or procure co be made, good and legal Conveyances thereof, or shall refuse (otodo upon being the reunto required, and such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, being tendered for that Purpose, or in case the Person or Persons entitled to the Premises for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, shall not be known, or in case that by reason of Disputes depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Defect ol Evidence, it shall not appear to the said Commissioners or their Sucrdfors, or any Seven or more of them, what Person or Persons is or are entitled to the Prem fes in question, then and in every such Case it (Hall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and their Successors, or any Seven or more of them, to order such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England to the Use of the Parties interested in the Laid Premises, to be paid to them, and each and every of them, according co their rel'pedive Eitaces and IntetcJls in the said Pre-miles, at such Times as the said Commissioners or their Successc , or any Seven or more of them, shall by Warrant or Warran'sunder their Hands order and direct; and the Cafltierand Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum and Sums of Money, is and are hereby required ta ... . give

9°3

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54*

give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum am) Sums of Money, specifying for what Premises, and forwhofe Use, the fame is or are received of fti' hPeifon or Persons as shall pay such Sumor Sums of Money into the Bank of England as aforesaid; aed from and immediately after such Payment, all the Estate, Right, Title, Use, Trust, Inheritance, Property, Equity of Redemption, Claim-, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of all and every Person and Persons for whole Ule such Money was paid, of, in, to, from, and out, of the said Premises, or any Part thereof, shall be vested in the said Commissioners and their Successors, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof, and to be seised of the fame in Fee Simple freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands, either at Law or in Equity, to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if all and every Person and Persons having any Eft-.ue, Right, Title, Trust, In terert, or Equity of Redemption, of, in, to, from, and out of the said Premises, had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled, Feoffment with Livery of Seisin, Fine, and Recovery, or any other Conveyance whatsoever; and such Property shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Equity of Redemption, Claim, and Demand, of the Person and Persons to whom such Payment was made, but also extend, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife or Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Ertates Tail and Remainders, as fully and effectually as a Fine and Recovery would do, or would have done, if levied or suffered by proper Persons in due Form of Law.

'll ' hi id c "ivq.' hjrJ ».-( v-Wb iiitf! lijioil

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to let, fell, ordisposeof, so much or such Part of any Lands, Houses, Buildings Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased by them as aforesaid, as shall not be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and the said Commissi >ners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered to execute any Conveyance or Conveyances thereof to a Purchaser, and all and every such Conveyance or Conveyances shall be adjudged sufficient to veit such Part or Parts of any Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchaser, as shall have been agreed for, or shall be expresseit or meanr, and intended to be granted or conveyed by such Conveyance; and the Purchase-money, or other Monies arising under any such Conveyance, shall be applied by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act: Provided nevertheless, That the former Proprietor or Proprietors of such Part or Parts of the said Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as may not be necessary to be made Use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall have the Preference of taking, renting, or purchasing the same.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, such Money shall, in calc the lame shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account en

parte

CormnifTion* ers may fell such Part of Lauds, etc, purchased, at are not necessary for the Purposes of this Act

Apolication of Compenla-tion Money when exceeding 200/

9°4 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54*

parte the said Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money shall b« applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the Lid Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, m Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and investrd under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuagrs, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the fame Messuages, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be investrd by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities-, and in the mean Time and until the said Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would (or the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it furt he re nailed, That if any Money Compensation *"° agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Heredi-Money doe« laments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and "oo/.X»wjd belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Dif*

above *0/. ability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be leis than the Sum of Two

hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-after directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be norri-nated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said respective Commissioners, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominanng and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money., and Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining,

or

41° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 54. 905

Or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Cotirt of Chancery.

LXXX. Provided also, and be it further enadledj That where such Money Application so agreed or awarded to he paid as next before mentioned, shall be l«f»

icfs than Twenty Pound?, then and in all such Cases the lame shall be than jo/. applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would lor the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or uled for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said relpcdiive Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufc and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or their Commission-Successors are hereby authorized and empowered to erect, build, or purchufe " p^Va'te or cause to be erected, built, or purchased in such Parts of the said Towns, Room t«r as they shall find most convenient, a proper Building, with convenient ^’bhtk Bufi-Rooms therein, to be used by the said Commissioners or their Successors nci*/ for holding '.heir Mee.ings therein in pursuance of this Act, and also for the Inhabitants of the foil Towns to assemble and mtet in to transact the ptiblick B.ifinrfs of the said Towns, and for such other public k. Occasions as the said Comm (Boners or their Successors shall authorize or appoint:

Provid'd nevertheless. That the said Commissioners shall not iay out and expend in such Building or P.irchafe more than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds out of the Funds by this Act vetted in the said Commissioners, unless with the C >nfent of the Inhabitantscf the said Towns ai a Meeting to be by them held for determining thereon.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by R«o«ryol this Act imposedt(the Manner of recovering whereof i- not otherwTe hereby Per.altiei. directed), shall be levied and recovered by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the Counry or Place wherein the Offender 01 Offenders shall be or reside, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Conftflion of the Party, or upon the Information of any credible Witness upon Oath j and fui h Penalties and Forfeitures shall (if not directed to be otherwise applied by this Act) be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commifii iners, and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Difirefs shall noc be found, or such Penalties o' Forfeitures shall not he forthwith paid, I'uch Justice is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his II nd and S^al, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or H use of Correction, there to remain without Bailor Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless Inch Penalties or Forfeitures, and all re isonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof,

shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, inhabitants Informations, Cause-, and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerning JJ'eJ,>c|'ve Eri* the bxetution of this Act, any Inhabitant refuting within the said Parish shall be admitted and allowed to give hvidence, notwithstanding such Inhabitant shall be charged with and liable to pay any Rate or Aff flment by virtue of this Act.

[Loc. fc? Per.-}

10 U

goG

Commission-*rs may <uef or her iuecl, in the N-*rrt of theii Tie fur. cr or Cent.

Appeal.

Rates and

Proceedings not to he qpafhtd for "Want of Form, or removed by Certiorari.

Plaintiff shall net recover after Tender of sufficient Amends.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

LXXXIV. And be it fmther enae'ed, Thattf e Fid Commissioner* may foe or b sued in the Name of their Treasurer or Clcrk, and that no Action to b b ought by or against the said C >mmi(Iioneis, or any of 'hem, by virtue of this Act, shall abate or discontinue by the Death or Removal vf any 1 och Treasurer or Clerk, but the Treasurer or Clei k for the Time being to the said Commissioners (h.ill always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Act»ons, as the Case may be.

LXXXV. Provided always, That every such Treasureror Cletk in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, protveured, ordelended, in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimburled and paid out of the Monies toarileby virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding, he shall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reafun of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall thinkhimself orhetfclfaggrievedbyany Rate, Duty, or Affcflmcnc, which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, he or she (having fir(f paid the Paid Rate, Duty, or Assessment) may apply to the Did Commissioners at their First Meeting to be holden after the Expiration of Five Days alter the demanding of such Rate or AffdTment, and the Paid Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think such Person aggrieved, to give such Relief in the Premfes as to them shall seem reasonable; and if any Person shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners therein, or if any Person shall think himLlt or herself aggrieved by any other Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Person may appeal to the Justices at any General or Quarter Si (lions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Kent, within Three Caknd. r Months ntxt after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving Fourteen Days Notice at the least, in Writing, of Ms or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, 10 the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and wi hin Five Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Jull ce of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficienc Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions, and the Justit es at such Stftions shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed agair.fl as they shall think proper, and their Determination thereon shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties, and to all Intents and Purposes.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Rate or Assessment, or any Proceeding to be had touching any Order made or other Matter or Thing to be done or tranlacled in or relating to any Complaint or Appeal in any Order or Determination thereon in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Certiorari or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever; any Law, Statute, or TJfage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff dial] recover in any Action for any irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding,

4.1° GEORGII IU. Cap. 54.

9°7

Cfeding, if sufficient Tender of Amends shall be made by or on the Be-h.dt of the Party or Parties who (hail- have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregularity, Trefp Ts or wrongful Piocceding, before such Action brought; and in tale no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or D, fendants, in any Action by Leave or the Court where such Action shall depend at any Time, before 'flue joined, to pay into Court such Sum or Money as he or they shall see fit. whereupon such Proceedings or Order and Judgement shall be had, made, or given by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Distrefinot made for Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not y^Ttofform. be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same bedtemed aTrefpasser or Trespasser, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Warrant of Distress, or in any Proiceding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage only in an Action on the Cafe.

XC. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be com- Limitatioa of menced againfk any Person for any Thing to be done in pursuance of this Aa‘on'-Acr, until Thirty-one Days' Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after such sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party aggrieved, or after T hree Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tritd in the County of Kent, and not elsewhere, and the Difenrianc in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General llfue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, ac any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so clone, or if such Action shall be brought before Thin)-one Days Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after suffi ient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time herein before' limited fur bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuited, or difeonfmue his or her Action or Suit after the Defendant shall appear, or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff, then the Defendant shall recover Treble Cost?, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for the Costs of Suit in other Cases of Law.

XCI. And, for the more speedy and easy Conviction of Offenders against form of Con. this Act, be it enacted, That all and every Justtce or Justices of the Peace VI=tlon-before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this present Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to he drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any ocher Form of Words to the like Effect, as the Case shall happen

F

it remembered. That on the

in the Year of our Lord

Day of

A.B. is convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty’s

1

‘ Justicts

908

Publick Act

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

Justices of the Peace for the County of £ Jpccifying tie

‘ Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame was cm-‘ muted, as the C fe may be.'] Given under my Hand and Seal the Day ‘ and Year full above mentioned.'

XClf. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be aPublick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without spe. daily pleading the same.

The TABLE or SCHEDULE of Rates and Duties referred to, in and by this Act.

For every Quarterof Wheat, Meal, Rye, Barley, Oats, Beans, Peafr, lares, Multard-Seed, Canary-Seed, and Seeds of every Denomination -

For every Twenty Quarters of Malt and Oats, and so in Proportion.

F»r eve-y Barrel of Beer.

For every other Barrel of wet or dry Goods For every empty Barrel.

For every Firkin of wet or dry Goods For every Ton of Wine or Sweet Oil For every P pe of dry or wet Goods For every Puncheon ... For every Hogsbead of dry Goods

For every Hogshead of wet Goods

For every great dry Vat -

For every small dry Vat

For every Bale of Goods not exceeding 5oolbs.

Ditto Ditto, not exceeding $olbs.

For every Pack of Wool, Yarn, or Cotton, containing Two hundred and forty Pounds Weight For every smalltr Package of Ditto, containing less than a Pack.

For every Barrel of Train or Fi(b Oil For every small Fiail, Maund, or Basket For every great Maund or Bafkec -

For every Piece of Ordnance Brass per Hundred Weight - Ditto Iron per Hundred Weight For every Anchor per Hundred Weight For every Hundred Weight of Copper and Brass un-wroughc -

£ * A

0 0 1

0 1 0

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 I

0 0 2

0 I 4

0 0 8

0 0 6

0 0 4

0 0 3

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 0 b

0 0 2

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 2

For

go9

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

For every Hundred Weight of Copper and Brass wrought - For every Hundred Weight of Lead For every Ton of Salt - For every One hundred of Cod called Sized Fish Ditto the smaller Sort

For every Load of Lime of Sixteen Bushels For every One hundred of Deal Boards - For every One thousand of Barrel Boards or Staves For every One hundred of Clove Boards or Battens For every One hundred of Spars great.

Ditto Ditto small

For every small Cask

For every great Calk For every small Trunk, Chert, or Box For every great Trunk, Chert, or Box For every Truss great -

Ditto small -

For every Fardel or small Parcel

For every Pocket of Hops.

F'or every Bag of Hops -

For every One thousand of Bricks For every One thousand of plain Tiles For every One thousand of Top, Gutter, or Pan Tiles - For every One thousand of Paving or Mathematical Tiles For every One thousand of Paving Stones large c, Ditto small

For every Ton of Portland, Purbeck, or other Stone For every Ton of Marble

For every Grindftone - ->

For every common Cart Load of Bolder Flint Stones For every common Cart Load of Chalk Stones rough or hewn -

For every Hundred of Cheese.

For every Sack of Three Bushels of Potatoes, Apples, or Pears -

For every Barrel of Red Herrings For every One hundred of Cabbages For every Cord of Wood.

For every One hundred of Faggots For every Ton of Oak, Elm, or other Timber For every Mart great.

Ditto small -

For every One hundred Weight of Iron For every Bundle of Nail Rods per Hundred Weight For every Barrel of Pitch or Tar.

For every Hundred Weight of Hemp For every Bolt of Canvas large -

Ditto small -

For every Load of Oak or Elm Boards, containing Fifty solid Feet -

For every One thousand of cleft Pale

[Lee. y Per.] io X

c J. d.

0 0 3

0 0 1

0 0 3

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 0 1

0 0 6

0 I 0

0 0 6

0 I 0

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 0 4

0 0 I

0 0 2'

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 3

0 0 6

0 0 4

0 0 4

0 0 10

0 0 IO

0 I 0

0 0 6

0 0 8

0 I 0

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 6

0 I 0

0 0 6

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 r

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 I 0

0 0 10

For

IO

4-1* GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

For every Load of Polls and Rails, containing Twenty of each ...» -

For every Cart Load of Hoops

For every Cart Load of Laths ... l or'every Millstone great

C * l

f LflU7 tj

Ditto small For every Tomb Stone For every ditto Marble For every Ton of Kelp For every Horse - J -

For every Four-wheeled Carriage For every Two-wheeled Carriage For every Sedan Chair -

For every Sack of Five Bushels of Flour For every Sack of Bran of Eight Bushels For every Ton of Rice -

For every Load of Hay of Thirty-six Trusses For every Load of Straw -

For every Bushel of Onions -

For every Bushel of Oysters -

For every Firkin or smaller Barrel of Oysters For every Hide, raw or tanned -

For every Dozen of Goar, Calf, Sheep, or Lamb Skins - For every Hundred Weight of wrought Pewter Ditto old

For Hares, Pheasants, and all other Game per Head

o

o 6 o 6

0 6

1 0

0 6 t 6

2 6

1 o

1

2 6 I 6

0 I I

1 o

i 6

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Aft*

Cap. 55.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of Burjledon Bridge and Roads to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the said Bridge and Roads.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge over Burfledon River, at or near the Ferry of Burfledon in the County of Southampton; and for making a Road from the intended Bridge over the River Itchin, at or near Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, to the said Bridge, and from thence to Titchfield in the said County of Southampton, certain Persons therein named were incorporated under the Name of The Company of Proprietors of Burjledon Bridge and Roads, and were authorized to build the said Bridge, and make the said Roads, in the Manner therein directed, and for those Purposes to raise and contribute among themselves a Sum not exceeding Four thousand three hundred Pounds j and in case the said Sum should be found insufficient for the Purposes of the said Act, the said Company were authorized to raise, by Mortgage of the Tolls, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, a further Sum of '1 hree thousand seven hundred Pounds: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have built the said Bridge, and made the fame passable for Carriages, 0? Per.J 10 1' and

[Preamble.]

17 Geo. III.

914 +i° GEORGII III. Cap. 55<

and laidt>ut and formed the said Roads, whereby they have expended the Whole of the Money subscribed and authorized to be raised, and incurred several Debts, without the said Bridge being completed, or the said Roads being put in proper and substantial Repair: And whereas it is material to publick Convenience, that the said Bridge and Roads should be completed as expeditiously as possible, but it is found that the said Company of Proprietors cannot complete the said Bridge and Roads, and carry into Execution the said Act, unless empowered to raise a further Sum of Money for those Purposes; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af. Company em- sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be STfunher to and for the Company of Proprietors of Burjledon Bridge and

Sum ' Roads for the Time being, to raise and secure, by the Ways and Means in the said Aftprescribed for raising the said Two several Sums of Four thousand three hundred Pounds, and Three thousand seven hundred Pounds, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Seven thousand five hundred Pounds (over and above the said Two several Sums of Four thousand three hundred Pounds, and Three thousand seven hundred Pounds), or so much thereof as shall be necessary for completing the said Bridge and Roads, and for carrying other the Purposes of the said recited Act into Execution.

thii A*how And be it further enacted, That all Costs and Charges incident to

to be pa d. the obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the Monies in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors, or out of the first Monies which shall arise by virtue of the said recited Act, or of this Act.

Publick as.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to b? a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GII III. REGIS.

if Ka

Cap. 56.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Forest or Chase of Need-wood, in the County of Stafford. [ 2 oth June 18 o i.]

"HF.REAS the King's most Excellent Majesty is seised to Him- preamble, self, His Heirs and Successors, of the Forest or Chase of Need-wood, containing about Nine thousand four hundred Contents of Acres of Land, lying within the Honour or Lordship of Tutbury, Parcel of ^<£°Aaei. the Estates and Possessions of the Duchy of Lancaster in the County of Stafford, subject nevertheless to such Common of Pasturage and other ' Rights, as the Freeholders and Copyholders, of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, fjtuate and being within the several Townships of Anjltw, Town ships Barton-under-Need-wood, Calling-wood, Coton, Draycott, Dunstall, Fa-w/de, 'n",led to Hampstall-Ridware, Hanbury, Hanbury Wood End, Hoarcross, Hovndb.ll, H'0'’’1®'

Marchington, Marcbington-Woodlands, Moreton, Newborough with Thorney Lancs, Rolleflon, Tatenhill, Tutbury, Stubby-Lane, and Yoxall, in the County of Stafford, and the Township of Scroplon in the County of Derby j or the Tenants or Occupiers thereof for the Time being, are entitled unto, within and upon the said Forest or Chase, and likewise funjett to the Rights of the several Persons in respect of their several Estates hrrein-after mentioned, to certain Kinds of Eftovers within and upon the fame Forest or Chase, that is to say, of the Redfor and Vicar of the Parish of Hanbury ' for the Time being, for the Repairs of the Chancel of the Church of Hanbury, and of the Redforial and Vicarial Houses of the said Parish of the Reverend Join /leden Clerk, as Owner of Longcroft Hall, with its Appurtenances r of Thomas Whittaker Esquire, as Owner of Blakenball, with its Appurtenances , and of the Honourable Elizabeth Meynell, Widow of Hugo Mtynell the Younger, Esquire, deceased, as Owner of a capital Messuage and ‘ \_Loc. Ss1 P<r.3 jo Z Lands

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Lands in Hoarcross, and also as Owner of certain Mills called Woodniills, in the said Forest or Chase: And whereas the said Forest or Chase is divided into and consists of Four distinct: and separate Wards or Districts, called by the respective Names of Tutbury Ward, Alarcbington Ward, Yoxall Ward, and Barton Ward, the respective Boundaries whereof are in general ascertained by certain Marks or Meers, and are for the moll Parc well known: And whereas the said Four several Wards of the said Forest or Chafi? respectively lie, or are reputed to lie, within the several Parishes following, (that is to say), Tut bury Ward within the Parish of Tutbury, Alarcbington Ward within the Parish of Hanbury, Yoxall Ward within the Parish of Yoxall, and Barton Ward within the Parish of Tattnbill, all which 'Ll!'* °*ner said Parishes are within the County of Stafford: And whereas the Moll Parish.Noble William Duke of Devonshire is Rector Impropriate of the said Parish of Tutbury, and Owner of all Reftorial Tythes arising within the same Parish, and is also Patron of the Vicarage of Tutbury aforesaid, and Jofieph Clones Clerk, is the present Vicar of the said Parish: And Tythe Owner whereas the Honourable and Right Reverend Father in God James Lord plmh?4"7 Biftrop of Lichfield and Coventry, is, in Right of his said See, the present Rector of the said Parish of Hanbury, and is also Patron of the Vicarage of Hanbury aforesaid, and Hugh Bailye Clerk, is Vicar of the said Parish, and as such they the said Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry, and Hugh Bailye, are, according to their several and respective Rights, entitled to all Tythes, both Great and Small, arising within the said Parish hanbury Uec- of Hanbury: And whereas Robert Cheney Esquire, is Lessee to the said inLrifcVo* Bishop of all the Tythes of the said Parish of Hanbury, belonging Mr. Chency. to the Rector thertof: And whereas the Honourable Mary Leigh is Pa-Tythe owner troness of the Rectory of Yoxall, and the Reverend Thomas Clare Doctor ParMu *n Divinity, is the present Rector of the said Parish, and as such entitled Tyihe Owner to all Tythes arising within the same: And whereas the Reverend Bap-P Preb Doctor in Divinity, Dean of the Cathedral Church of Lich-

field, is, in Right of his said Deanry, the present Rector of the said Parish of Tatenbill, and by virtue thereof is entitled to all Tythes arising OwneTaof'the wlt^ln the said Parish: And whereas the several Rectors and Vicars herein-said Kour before particularly named, and their Lessees and Tenants, claim to be en-T^ thfs'of Ube t‘t*e<^ according to their respective Rights and Interest, to all such Tythes Forctt. ° in Kind as shall hereafter arise within the said respective Wards of the said Forest or Chase, as lying within their said several and respective Parishes, in case the said Forest or Chase shall be disafforested and discharged Forest capable from Rights of Forest and Chafe: And whereas the Soil of the said deredof "5- ^ore^ or Chafe being in general of a rich and fertile Nature, and being lick Utility, in the Vicinity of the City of Lichfield, the Town of Derby, and several other manufacturing Towns in the Counties of Stafford and Derby, would, if divided into just Proportions, not only become very beneficial and advantageous to the Parties interested therein, but would be of great publick Utility; but forasmuch as such Division cannot be effectually made and established without the Aid of Parliament; may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted } and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Appointment t*ie Authority of the same, That Thomas Hinckley of the City of Deb-of commit field, Esquire, John Bijhton the younger of Kilfall in the County of Salop, toners- Gentleman, and Samuel Wyatt of Burton-upon-Trent in the said County of Stafford, Gentleman, and their Successors, to be nominated or appointed

m

918

Division of the Forest into Four Wards.

Each Wa.d Parochial Names of Parishes.

9i9

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for setting out, dividing, assigning, allotting, and inclosing the said Forest or Chase of Necdwood, and the young Oak and Holly Trees Handing and growing thereon, in Manner herein-after directed, and for putting this Act in Execution.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of any of the Powers given by this Act,(unlessitbe the Powers hereby given foradministering the Oath next herein-after-mentioned, and giving Notice of their First Meeting), until he shall have taken and subscribed before the others of them, or some or One of them, the following Oath; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, ac-‘ 1 cording to the bed; of my Skill and Judgement, execute the several ‘ Trusts reposed in me as a Commissioner by virtue of an Act for ‘ dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Forest or Chase of Needwood, in the County of Stafford, without Favour or Affection to any Person whatsoever.

So help me GOD.’

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful for any One or more of the said Commissioners to administer, and he and they is and are hereby required to administer the same to any other or others of the said Commissioners; and the said Oath so taken and subscribed by such Commissioners shall be annexed to their final Award herein-after directed to be made by them.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Commissioners, or any of their Successors, to be appointed as herein-after is provided, shall happen to die, or decline to act, before the Execution of all the Powers hereby vested in them, or shall refuse to qualify and act in the Execution hereof, then the surviving or acting Commissioners shall not proceed further in the Execution of this Act, until another Commissioner shall be duly appointed in Manner and Form herein-after directed; and that in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons after named, to proceed to a new Nomination and Appointment of a Commissioner or Commissioners in Manner following; (that is to say), that in case the said 'Thomas Hinckley or any of his Successors shall happen so to die, or retufe or decline to act, then and so often the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, on the Part and Behalf of the Crown, shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand, nominate and appoint such other Person to be a Commissioner in the Room of the said Thomas Hinckley or any of his Successors so dying or refusing, or declining to act as aforesaidd, as the said Chancellor shall think fit; and in case the said John Bijhton, or any of his Successors, shall happen so to die, or refuse or decline to act, then and so often it shall and may be lawful toand for the said several Rectors of Tutbury, Hanbury, Toxall, and Tatenhill, for the Time being, and the Vicars of Tutbury and Hanbury for the Time being, or any Four of them, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint such other Person to be a Commissioner in the Room of the said John Bijhton, or any of his Successors so dying, or refusing or declining to act as aforesaid, as they shall think fit: And in case the said Samuel fVyatt, or any of his

1* Successors,

Commissioner» to be sworn.

Their Oath.

For fapplyring the Numbet of Commissioners in cast of Death.

v}JC'

920

Whit Num-'1 her of Com* millioners »uy *ft.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Successors, shall happen to die, or refuse or decline to ad, then and fa often it shall and may be lawful to and for the iProprierdrs of Lands and Tenements in cacti of the said Twenty-two respective Townships, herein, before-mentioned, who (h-11 happen to (land the highest rated to the Land Tax on the immediate preceding Assessment or Rate thereof, within each of the said Townships, or the Husband, Guardian, Trustee, Committee, 01 Attorney, of any such Proprietor, being a Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or being beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability, or their Agents, to be appointed by Writing, or the major Part of such Proprietors, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoinc such other Person to be a Commissioner in the Room of the said Samel IVyatt, or ,any of his Successors, so dying, or refusing or declining to act as aforesaid; and for that Purpose the surviving or acting Commissioners or Commissioner shall, and are hereby required, immediately after eveVy such Death or Refusal of the said other Commissioner or Commissioners, to give Notice thereof in Writing unto the several and respective Persons hereby authorized-to make such new Appointments as aforesaid, or; cause such Notices to be left at their several and respective Houses or Ufoil'Places of Abode; and in case the Persons so authorized respectively shall not, within One Calendar Month after receiving any inch Notice, /fill up and supply the Place of every such Commissioner dying, or refusing or declining to ad respectively, and deliver such Nominaiion or Appointment unto the said surviving or acting Commissioners or Commissioner, then and on every such Default it shall be lawful for the said surviving or acting Commissioners or Commissioner, and they and he are and is hereby required by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand to nominate and appoint such other Person or Persons as they or he shall think fit, to be a Commissioner or Commissioners, in the Room and Stead of such Commissioner lo dying, or refusing or declining to act as aforesaid.

t

IV. Provided always, That whenever any Vacancy of a Commissioner shall happen by the Death or Refusal to ad of the said Samuel IVyatt,' or any of his Successors, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners or Commissioner shall, with the aforesaid Node? thereof, appoint at such fit (Place within or near unto the said Forest, as the said Commissioners fhajlthink fit, some Day not less than, Fourteen nor exceeding Twenty-one Days after the Delivery of such Notice, for the said Proprietors so authorized to fill up apd supply such Vacancy, to meet together in order to the filling up the fame; and that the said Proprietors present at such Meeting shall then and there proceed to the Election of a new Commissioner to supply such Vacancy, and thac the Person then put in Nomination who shall have the greater Number of Voices of the said Proprietors then present in his Favour, shall be the new Commissioner, and shall be accordingly appointed by the Proprietors so giving him their Voices, (by Writing under their Hands, to supply the said Vacancy of a Commissioner.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, and Directions, with other Matters and Things by this Act given to or veiled in, or directed to be done and executed by or before

(the said Commissioners and their Successors, shall and may be done and executed by or before any Two of them, and that the Act and Acts

41° GEORGII III. Gfap. 56.

of any Two of the said Commissioners shall be of as full Force and EBVft, as if done by or before all the said Commissioners 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissionters shall, and they are hereby required to cause publick Notice to be given, by affixing the lame upon the principal Door of the said l'everal Parish Churches of Tutiury, Hanbury, Tatnbill, Yoxatl, Hampstall-Ridware, RoUef-ton, and Scrap!on aforesaid, and by publishing the lame in some Newfl paper printed and circulated in the County of Stafford, and in some Newspaper printed and circulated in the County of De>by, of the Time and Place of every Meeting to be by them held for the executing the Powers hereby vetted in them, at least Eight Days before every such Mertiftg, (the Meeting for receiving the Survey of the said Forest or Chale, and Meetings Dy Adjournment only excepted; and which Adjournments the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make from Time to Time as they shall think fit); and that if at the Time appointed for any such Meeting, or to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, no more than One of the said Commissioners shall attend, then and in every such Case such Commissioner shall and may adjourn the said Meeting to such Time and Place as he shall think most convenient; and all the Meetings of the said Commissioners for executing the Trusts reposed in them by this Act, shall be held within the said Forest or Chase, or within One of the said Seven Parishes last-mentioned, or at some other Place within the Distance of Twelve Miles from the said Forest.

VII. And be it further enacted, That Robert Harvey IVyatt of Barton under-Needwood, in the said County of Stafford, Land Surveyor, and Samuel Botham of Uttoxeter in the same County, Land Surveyor, shall be and they are hereby nominated and appointed Surveyors for viewing, surveying, and admeasuring the said Forest or Chase of Needwood; and they are hereby accordingly authorized and directed, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing this Act, to view, survey, and admeasure the said Forest or Chase, and all the Lodges, Buildings, Lands, Inclosures, and Incroachments, within, upon, or laid open to the fame, and to make a fair and exact Survey, by way of Map or Plan thereof, on such Scale as the said Commissioners shall direcr, whereon shall be truly and plainly dtfaibed, in Words, Figures, and Lines, or by other fit and aptDescriptions, the Abuttals and Boundaries of the said Forest or Chale, and the Divisions of the several Wards thereof, and all Buildings, Inclosures, Lands, and Incroachment1., within, upon, or thrown open to the fame, and the open and uninclosed Pans thereof, and distinguishing by Shades or Colourings, so far as may be conveniently done, the several Thickets and Coverts of the said Foteft from the Lawns and Plains, and other Parts thereof, and shall either in and upon the said Map or Plan, or by a Field Book or Terrier, to be thereunto annexed, with explicit and plain References to the said Map or Plan, certify and set forth in Statute Acres, Roods, and Perches, the Admeasurement and Contents, as well of every Incroachment and inclosure on the said Forest or Chase, with the Christian and Sirnames of each respective Owner or reputed Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers thereof, as also of all the open and uninclosed Parts of each respective Ward of the said Forest, statingtheContentsofeach and every of the J hickets and Coverts in each Ward, as nearly as may be, distinctly from

[Lot. V Per.] 11A the

9*f

Notices and Places for the Meetings of the Commifo fioner*.

Surveyor* appointed.

Their Duty*

g22

Survey to be delivered to the Commissioners,

and to be certified on Oath.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

the Contents of each and every Lawn or Plain and other open Parts thereof 5 And to the End and Intent the Survey of the said Forest or Chase may be taken with the greater Ease and Exactness, and that the Marks to be set or placed on the Ground, and to be described on the said Map or Plan may be the more readily found, and may not be subject to Removal or Dcflruftion, the said Surveyors are hereby authorized and directed to cause such Openings, Cuts, or Lines, to be made through the Woods, Thickets, and Coverts of the said Forest or Chase, and to cut and dig Holes and Grips, and to make small Banks and Ditches thereon, as to them shall seem necessary and expedient, doing therein no wilful or unnecessary Spoil or Damage; and that the Trees and Woods to be felled and cut down in making such Openings Cuts, and Lines, shall be fold and accounted for as herein-after is directed; and that when and so fexm as the said Surveyors shall have finished and completed the said Survey, Map, and Plan, they shall, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, apprize he said Commissioners thereof, and appoint a Time and Place for a Meeting with them, of which Fourteen Days previous Notice thereof at the least shall be given unto each of the said Commissioners, at which Meeting the said Surveyors shall deliver unto the said Commissioners present at such Meeting, their said Survey and Plan, and shall subscribe the fame with their Names in the Presence of the said Commissioners, who shall attellthe fame, and being so subscribed and attested, the said Surveyors shall deliver the same to the Commissioners then and there present, and upon the Holy Evangelists shall take and subscribe the following Oath in the Presence of the said Commissioners, who are hereby empowered to administer the same accordingly; that is to say,

‘ \KT E, Robert Harvey Wyatt and Samuel Botham, do swear, [or, being ‘ a Quaker, do affirm,] That, by virtue, and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Forest ‘ or Chafe of Needwood in the County of Stafford, we respectively have ‘ taken a true and exact Admeasurement and Survey of the said Forest

or Chafe, and of all Buildings, Inclosures, Lands, and Incroachments

within, upon, or thrown open to the fame, to the best of our Judgement

and Ability , and that the Survey, Map, and Plan of the said Forest or Chase, and the Terrier or Field Book thereto annexed, whereumo

we have now set our respective Hands before the Commissioners here

present, are and do contain a true Description, Survey, Admeasure-

ment, and Account of the said Forest or Chase of Needwood, and of the Abuttals and Boundaries thereof, and of the several Wards thereof,

and of all Buildings, Inclosures, Lands, and Incroachments thereon,

with the Christian and Sirnames of the several Owners and Occupiers or reputed Owners or Occupiers thereof respectively, and that the lame were made and taken by us respectively, according to the best of our Knowledge, Information, and Belief, and the true Intent and Meaning of the said Acr, without Favour, Affection, or Partiality, to any Person or Persons: And we do further severally and respectively hvear [or affirm,}

that we will faithfully, impartially, and honellly, according to the belt of our Skill and Judgement, execute the several other Trulls reposed in us as Surveyors by virtue of the said Act, without Favour or Affec- tion to any Person or Persons whatsoever

Which Oath so to be taken shall be written on Parchment, and subscribed by the said Surveyors, and duly attested by the said Com-

mifijoners

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

missioners under their Hands, and shall be inrolled with the final Award

hereinafter mentioned.

\ VIII, Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Samuel Botham or any other Surveyor to be appointed in his Room or Ste»a as beftin-after mentioned shall happen to die, before the said several Surveys, and all other Matters by this Act directed to be made or done by the said Surveyors, shall have been so made and completed, qr)shall refuse or become incapable to act therein, or shall be discharged therefrom, by flic major Part of the said Commissioners who are hereby impo, wered to discharge the said Samuel Botham from his Office of Surveyor ii they shall think fit, then and fooften, and in any of such Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chancellor of His Majesty's Duchy, of Lancaster for ;the Time being, at any Time within One Calendar Month next after fqch Pcath, Refusal, Incapacity, or Discharge shall be notified in Writing to the said Chancellor by the said Commissioners, or by the filrviving or continuing Surveyor, (which Notification they are hereby respectively required to make), by Writing under his Hand from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint such other fit and proper Person to be a Surveyor jointly with the said Robert Harvey Wyatt or his Successor, being the other Surveyor for the Time being for the Purposes of executing the Powers and Authorities remaining to be executed by the said Samuel Botham or his Successors, under and by virtue of this Act, in the Room or Stead of the said Samuel Botham or his Successors as aforesaid; but in case the said Chancellor shall not make such Appointment, and cause the same to be delivered to the said Commissioners some qr One of them within the Time herein-before limited for that Purpose, that then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and directed, by Writing under their Hands, to nomjnate and appoint in Manner herein-before directed, such practical Land Surveyor, to succeed the said Samuel Botham or his Successors, as they shall think fit: Provided also, That in case the said Robert Harvey Wyatt, or any Person appointed as Surveyor to succeed him in the Execution of this Act, shall happen to die before the said several Surveys and other Matters directed to be made and done by him shall have been so made and completed, or shall refuse or become incapable to act in such Business, or shall be discharged therefrom by the major Part of the said Commissioners, who are hereby empowered to discharge the said Robert Harvey Wyatt from his Office of Surveyor if they shall tnink fit, then and so often it shall and may be lawful to and for the several and respective Persons who by this Act are empowered to supply the Place of a Commissioner, in case of the Death of the said Samuel Wyatt or his declining to act as aforesaid, (having the like Notice from the said Commissioners, given to them for that Purpose as is herein before in that Cafe directed, and which Notice the said Commissioners aie hereby accordingly required to give them), to proceed to an Election, Nomination, and Appointment of a new Surveyor in the Room or Stead of the said Robert Harvey Wyatt or his Successor, in such like Manner and Form, and within such Time, as is and are herein-before directed, limited, and provided for Election of such New Commissioner; and for Want of 1'uch Nomination and Appointment of a new Surveyor within the Time limited as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint such practical Land Surveyor

to

923

For clefting new Surveyors in case of Va-; cancies.

9*4

Al! Appointments of Commissioners and Surveyors tt> be annexed to the final A«arJ.

For establish-ing the Boundaries ridden by the Wood-mote Jury.

For afcf training the Boundaries of the Four Wards.

Timber and young Trees to be valued.

4r*' GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

to Ibcceed the said Robert Harvey Wyatt or his Sucetflbr as they shall think fit.

K. And be it further enacted, That all and every/the Appointments of new Commissioners and Survryors, by this Act directed to be made, shall be annexed unto the said Commissioners final Award \ and that all and every Her fori and Persons tb be thereby nominated and appointed as a Commissioner or Commissioners, Surveyor or Surveyors, in the Manner and Form aforesaid, shall, from and immediately after such his or their respective Nomination and Appointment, be inverted with and have the fame Powers and1 Authorities for putting this Act for Execution, as the Commissioner oif Commissioners, Surveyor- or Suri-eyors, in whole Room he or they shall be so nominated or appointed respectively, is or are, or was or were severally and respectively inverted with, every such new Commissioner dbfy taking and llibfcribtng the Oath herein-before directed to be taken and (iibfctibed by thelhid Commissioners j and every such new Surveyor duly taking and fuBfcribing the Oath Herein-before directed to be taken and subscribed by the said Surveyors1, in the Presence of the said Commissioners, or so much thereof ds shall be applicable to the Trulls and Powers repbfed in and remaining t(J be executed by any such new Surveyor respectively, and as shall be settled and approved by the said Commissioners, as the Case may require.

X. And be it further enacted, That for obviating any Doubts or Difficulties concerning the true Limits and Boundaries of the said Forest or Chase, such Limits and Boundaries thereof as have been usually ridden or perambulated by the Juries of the Woodmote Courts of the said Forest or Chase for the Space of Twenty Years 1 aft part, shall, by force and virtue of this Act, be deemed, taken, and established as the true Limits and Boundaries of the said Forest or Chase.

XI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of more effectually ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Four several Wards or Districts of the said Forest or Chase herein-before mentioned, the said Commit lionets shall, and they are hereby authorized and required at their First Meeting, or some Adjournment thereof, or as soon after as conveniently may be, to examine into, settle, ascertain, and determine, by the Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby authorized to administer), and by other proper and sufficient Inquiry and Evidence, to ascertain, settle, and finally determine, and thereupon to flake and mark out the Boundaries of and between the said Four several Wards or Districts of the said Forest or Chase, called by the respective Names of Tutbury Ward, Marchington Ward, Toxall Ward, and Barton Ward, and the said Commissioners shall in their First Award, to be made as after mentioned, or in the Map or Plan to be thereunto annexed, particularly express and describe such said several Boundaries.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the said Surveyors shall have made such Openings through the Woods of the said Forest as they shall find expedient, in order to the surveying the fame in Manner before authorized or mentioned, make and take, in their own proper Persons, or cause to be

*9 made

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

$2$

Wade and taken, by such fit and able Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose by Writing under their Hands nominate and appoint, a Survey and Valuation of all the O.ik Trees Handing and growing on the said Open and uninclosed Parts of the said Forest or Chase, distinguishing such of them as contain or exceed the Girth or Square of Six Inches, by different and distinct Numbers and Marks, from such as are under the said Girth or Square, of which Survey and Valuation there shall be Duplicates made, and if not taken by the said Commissioners themselves, the fame shall be delivered over to them, verified on the Oath of the Person or Persons taking the fame, (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administec), to be and contain a just and true Account and Valuation thereof, and that when and so soon as such , Survey and Valuation shall be completed and verified as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall forthwith deliver One of such Duplicates unto the Receiver General of the said Duchy of Lancaster, or his Deputy for the Time being, and shall keep the other of such Duplicates in their, or some of their Hands, for the Inspection of all Persons interested therein.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Freeholders and Copyholders t’"e

entitled to Right of Common of Pasture on the said Forest, shall be Timber to be deemed and considered as entitled to One Tenth Part of the Value, p*,d b?f,hetbe which shall be so set and put upon the said Oak Trees, being of, or ex- u'feof the' ceeding the said Girth or Square of Six Inches, and that all the Rest Fi«hoi<ter« and Residue thereof shall be deemed the Property of the King’s Majesty, hoUlS*" His Heirs and Successors, and, that previously to any Trees being felled or cut down on the said Forest or Chase, the said Receiver General for and on the Behalf of the King’s Majesty, shall pay in Money the said One Tenth Part of the Value thereof, into the Hands of the said Commissioners, vrhofe Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the fame, to be by them applied to and for the Use of the said Freeholders and Copy-holders in Manner herein-after directed, and that upon Payment thereof by the said Receiver General, the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Sue* ccflors, shall have and be entitled to the Whole of the said Oak Trees in the said Forest or Chase, being of or exceeding the said Girth or Square of Six Inches as aforesaid; and that it shall thereupon be Power forth* lawful to and for the proper Officer or Officers of His Majesty's said Timber after Duchy, under the Order and Authority of the Chancellor and Council of Payment for the said Duchy for the Time being, for the Space of Three Years, to bh0<[(£lr'*" be computed from the Date of the Commissioners first Award, herein-after part; directed to be made by them, with Workmen or Labourers, Servants and Agents, Horses, Carts, and Carriages, to have and take free Ingrels and Egress into and upon the said Forest or Chase and the several Allotments thereof, as well to peel, fell, cut down, grub up, burn to Charcoal, remove anl1 on Ply. and dispose of all the said Oak Trees, being of or exceeding the said ment thereof. Girth or Square last mentioned; and in case any Part thereof shall happen to be left Handing and growing after the said Term of Three Years, the Timber upon any of the Allotments hereby directed to be set out to the said Ownets of Tythes, Freeholders and Copyholders, the same shall from i,*iuSve. thenceforth become and remain the Property of the Persons entitled to such Lands, whereon the same shall be so Handing and growing respectively.

[Lee. & Per.]

11 B

926

How the Tree* cut by the Surveyor are to be disposed of.

Receiver General may make tempo, rary Advance*

Book of Accounts to be left with the Clerk for the Inspection of the Proprietors.

Monies received when amounting to 50 /. to be paid into the Hand of such Person a*

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That alltheTreesand Woodwhstfotvef which shall he cut down or flocked up by the said Surveyors for the Purpose* and under the Authority given as aforesaid, shall be fairly appraised and valued by the said Surveyors, or by such Person or Persons as they shall by Writing under their Hands appoint, and that upon Payment by the Receiver General of the said Duchy for and on Behalf of His Majesty, into the Handi of the Commissioners, of One Fourth Part in Money of the Sum at which the said Trees and Wood shall be so valued, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty's Axbearer of the said Fotcft or Chafe for the Time being, or other officeis of the said Duchy, thereunto authorized by the Order of the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, to sell and dispose of the said Trees and Wood so cut down or grubbed up, to and fur His Majesty's Use, and that the Money I'o to be paid to the said Commissionera shall be added to the Money to be paid to them for the Tenth Part of the Value of the Timber on the said Forest or Chase under the Directions of this Act, and be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners, unto or for the U.'e of the said Freeholders and Copyholders, as Part and Parcel thereof, in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may b« lawful to and for the Receiver General of the said Duchy for the Time being, by any Warrant or Authority under the Hand of the Chancellor of the said Duchy for the Time being, or under any Order made in Court of Revenue of the said Duchy, at any Time or Times previously to the Valuation of such Oak Trees as aforesaid, to advance and pay unto the said Commissioners (whose Receipt shall be a sufficienc Discharge for the fame) such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be thought proper, on Account or towards the Payment of the said Tenth Part of the Value of such Oak Trees, directed to be paid to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or for or on Account of any Expences by this Act directed to be paid on the Part of His Majesty, or His Heirs or Successors.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to keep or cause to be kept at the Office of their Clerk a Book, in which shall be entered a full and particular Account of all Sums of Money received, rased, or expended, by virtue of this Act, or any of the Powers or Authorities hereby granted; which Book of Accounts shall remain open at all reasonable Times, during the Progress of the inclosure for the Inspection of all Persons imerested, and until such Accounts are finally settled; and if the said Commissioners or their Clerk shall neglect or refuse to keep such Accounts, or to cause the same to remain open as aforesaid, they or he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any other Penalty is by this Act dtrested to be levied and recovered, and the same shall be applied towards defraying the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money to be received or raiftd under and by virtue of this Act, or any of the Powers herein contained, shall, as often as the same shall amount to Fifty Pounds or upwards, be paid into the Hands of some Banker, or of such other Person or Persons as ffiftll be appointed by the said Commissioners

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56. 927

missioners, and approved by the Receiver General of His Majesty's Duchy ,jC b0pa

of Lancaster, or his Deputy, (in case any Part of such Monies shall be Mj; rity m advanced or paid by such Receiver General), and by a Majority in Value v.iueoi the of such Proprietors who shall be present at the Fit ft Me ing of the la'd Commissioners; and in the Notice of which Meeting, shall be expressed the Intention of then appointing such Banker or other Person or Persons; and that no Monies shall be issued out of the Han.is of such Banker or other Person or Persons, without an Order of the said Commissioners, specifying the Person to whom the lame are to be paid or payable, and the Service for which the same are due; and that the Balance (if any) upon the final Settlement of Accounts shall be immediately repaid to the Receiver General of the said Duchy, and to the Persons entitled thereto resptcbvely, according to their respective Rights therein, or in proportion to the Sums respectively paid by them: Provided always, That the said Commissioners shall not be answerable for any Part of the said Money, lo long as it shall remain in the Hands of the said Banker or other Person, nor shall any One of the said Commissioners be answerable for any Money, unleli he shall have previously joined in signing the Order for Payment of the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, previously to the making of the out public* Division or Allotments herein-after mentioned, to appoint, and set and ^js,g'anij flake out such publick Carriage Roads, in, over, and upon the said Forest appoint or Chafe, as thay shall think necessary and proper; and the said Commis- Surveyor of sioners shall give publick Notice of the fame in some Newspaper or News- them>"f-papers printed and circulated in the said County of Stafford, and also in fbrne Newspaper printed and circulated in the said County of Derby, and that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, by the appointing and setting out of the Roads so to be appointed and flaked out, (on giving One Calendar Month’s Notice to the said Commissioners, or any One of them, of his, her, or their Intention, describing the Road or Roads objected to), to appeal against the Proceedings or Directions of the said Commissioners, respecting all or any such publick Carriage Roads, or any Part thereof, ta. the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Stafford, within Four Calendar Months next after such appointing and letting out of the said Roads, and Notice thereof given as aforesaid, and he, she, or they shall be heard by himself, herself, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Counsel, Agents, or Witnesses > and the said Commissioners, or One of them, or the Surveyor or Surveyors, shall attend at . such Session with a General Map of the said Forest or Chase, and the Justices before whom such Appeal shall lie made, shall, on hearing the Evidence, and inspefling the said Map, finally determine where the said publick Carnage Road or Roads, or any Part thereof so appealed against, shall be made, and whether any new Carriage Road or Roads is or are necessary to be set out, and shall make and give such Orders touching ht Matters before them, as shall be necessary and expedient in thae Behalf y and if no such Appeal shall be made, then such Appointment and setting out of the said Carriage Roads shall be final and oondufive , all which publick Roads shall be and remain of the Breadth of Forty Feet at the least, and shall be well and sufficiently fenced out on both Sides by such of the Persons interested in the Lands to

be

928

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

be inclosed, except in respect ro the King’s Majesty, and within fucll Time or Times as the said Commiflii tiers shall direct and appoint, and that it shall not be lawful for any Person, except the King’s Majesty, toercff any Gate acrol's any of the said Roads, or to plant any Trees in or near the Hedges or Fences on the Sides of any of the said Roads at a less Distance from each other than Fifty Yards; and after such publick Carriage Roads shall have been set out as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint some proper Person to be a Surveyor of them, and such Surveyor shall cause the said Roads to be formed and put in good and sufficient Repair, and shall be allowed such Salary or Reward for his Trouble as the said Commissioners shall direct; which Salary or Reward, and also the Expence (over and above the Statute Duty, if any) of forming the said Roads, and putting the fame in good and sufficient Repair, shall be borne and paid in Manner herein-after mentioned, that is to say, as to so much and such of the said Roads as the said Commissioners shall direct to be made at His Majesty's Expence, the Expences incident to or concerning the same (to be ascertained by the said Commissioners) shall be paid by the Receiver General of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster into the Hands of the said Commissioners on Application for the fame; and as to the Residue of the said Roads, the Expences incident to or concerning the same (ro be ascertained by the said Commissioners) shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be by them received for the Use of ihc Freeholders and Copyholders, having Right of Common of Pasture on the said Forest or Chase as herein provided, or shall be borne and paid by the several Freeholders and Copyholders having Right of Common of Pasture on the said Forest or Chase, (other than and except the said Rectors of Tutbury, Hanbury, Ta ten bit/, and Toxall, and the said Vicars of Tutbury and Hanbury for the Time being), and shall be raised by a Rate to be laid on such Freeholders and Copyholders according to their respective Rights and Interests in the said Forest or Chase, (the respective Proportions thereof to be ascertained by the said Commissioners); such Rate to be laid and assessed by the said Commissioners or by any Justice of the Peace for the County of Stafford, upon Application made for that Purpose by the said Surveyor, and to be collected and received by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Justice by whom such Rate shall be laid and assessed shall by Writing appoint; and in case any Person shall neglect or refuse to pay his or her Share of the said Rate within Fourteen Days next after Demand made thereof, the same shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, (as the Case may be), which Warrant the said Commissioners or any such Justice are pr is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Proof on Oath of such Neglect or Refusal, and of such Demand as aforesaid, (which Oath the said Commissioners or such Justice are and is resptttively hereby empowered to administer), and the Surplus (if any) after such Share or Shares of the said Rate, and the Charges of levying the same shall have been deducted, shall be’returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and that no Person or Persons, (other than the Owners or Proprietors of, and Persons interested in the said

Forest

929

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Forest or Chase) shall be charged or chargeable (over and above the Statute Duty, if any) towards the forming or repairing the said Roads, until the same shall be made (it for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, and shall have been certified so to be by the said Surveyor by Writing under his Hand, to be delivered to the Justices at some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Stafford, and such Certificate shall have been allowed and confirmed by them, which said Certificate shall be delivered to the said Justices at their Quarter Sessions to be holden next after the said Roads shall be formed and put in good and sufficient Repair as aforesaid, and within the Space of Two Years next after the Execution of the First Award orinstrument of the said Commissioners, unless sufficient Reason be given to the Satisfaction of the said Justices that a further Time is necessary for that Purpose, in which Cafe the said Justices may, and are hereby empowered to allow such further Time for delivering in the said Certificate as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Year , and in case the said Surveyor shall neglect or refulc to deliver the said Certificate within the Time before limited, or such further Time as shall be allowed him for that Purpose by the said Justices as aforesaid, such Surveyor shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds to be recovered by Distress and Sale of his Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, rendering the Surplus (if any) to the said Surveyor, after deducing the Charges and Expences of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale, and such Penalty when recovered, shall be applied in Aid of the Rate to be made as aforesaid; and that, from and after such Certificate shall have been delivered to the said Justices by the said Surveyor as aforesaid, and shall have been by them allowed and confirmed, the said Roads respectively shall be from Time to Time supported and kept in Repair by the Inhabitants of the respective Parish, Township,

District, or Place, within or to which Allotment the same shall be adjudged by the said Commissioners to lie and belong, and to be let forth and declared in and by their several Awards herein-after dheifted to be made, or One of them, in like Manner as other publick Roads within such respective Parishes, Townships, Districts, or Places, are by Law to be repaired, (that is to say), as to so much of the said Roads as shall be adjudged to belong to His Majesty's Allotment, the same to be ascertained and set forth in and by the said Commissioners First Award, and as to the Residue of the said Roads the same to be ascertained and set forth in and by their final Award; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby also Commission-empowered and required to set out and appoint, and cause tobe made, erect- put,/Bridie ed, and completed, such publick Bridle Roads and Footways, and private ami Roads and Ways, withPiots or Parcels of Ground, to beappropriared for the ^vj,7c,5,s,also Supply of Stone, Gravel, Sand, and other Materials, for the Repairs of Roads, with all such Roads, Ways, Paths, and Bridges, as well publick as private, s^n‘e Gravel and common Drains; and also, such Banks, Ditches, Drains, Water- etc, courses, common watering Places for Cattle, Bridges, Gates, Stiles, and other Accommodations, in, over, and upon the said Forest or Chase, as they shall think requisite, and the same shall be made and erected, an 1 at all Times thereafter repaired, cleanled, and maintained by such Persons, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall in their several Awards or Instruments, or One of them appoint; and also, that it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to make, divert, stop up, alter, change, remove, widen, or enlarge any old publick or private Road or Way,

[Let. & Per.2 11 C Hedge,

93°

Turnpike Roads not te be altered.

Directing a Map to be made of the Road.

41° GEORGfl JJJ/ Cap. 56.

Hedge, Fence, or Bridge, causeway, Brook, ^Yaiercourse, Ditch, Drain* Gate, or Stile, between, through, within, ov§r, or upon any of the antiant or prefint inclosed Lands, within any of the xel’pective Parishes, Townships, or Places aforesaid, on the said Forest or Chase, and shall and may set out and appropriate such new publick or private Road or Way, in lieu of such old publick or private Road or Way, so to b? diverted, stopped up, and altered, as they the said Commissioners shall think expedient and requisite for the Convenience of the Parties interested io futh Inclosure and the Publick at large, and shall value and afcrrtaiq what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to any Person or Person* who shall receive any Injury thereby, and by whom, and in what Manner such Satisfaction shall be made; and that after'lie several publick or private Roads and Ways shall have been set oyt and made, altered, diverted, or stopped up, as herein-before mentioned; it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, either on Foot or with Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, to use any other Roads or Ways, either publick or private, over or upon such ancient or present Inclosures, or the said Forest or Chase, than such as shall have been set out and made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid; which said several Roads so to be set out, diverted, altered, and stopped up respectively, shall be set forth in the said several Awards of the said Commissioners, or One of them, and the same shall be final and conclusive upon all Persons whomsoever; and that all former Roads and Ways which shall not be so (et out and appointed a. Roads and Ways through or over the said Forest or Chase shall be deemed Part thereof, and be divided and allotted accordingly; provided that none of the present Roads shall be stopped up or discontinued until the said Commissioners shall have caused the said new Roads to be set out as aforesaid, and until the same shall be properly formed, and made safe and convenient for Travellers, Horks, Cattle, and Carriages.

XIX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extender be courtrued to extend to give the said Commissioners any Power or Authority to diverr, change, or alter any Turnpike Road now made upon or over any Part of the said Forest or Chase, nor to make the fame lets than Sixty Feet broad.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, tofetout the said Publick Carriage Roads in such Directions as shall upon the Whole appear to diem most commodious for the Publick, and to ascertain the fame by Marks and Bounds, and to prepare a Map in which such intended Roads shall be accurately laid down and described, and also such Carriage Roads, if any, as are intended under the Powers which are given by this Act to be stopped up; such Map signed by the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to be deposited with the Clerk of the said Commissioners; and as soon as may be after such Carriage Roads shall have been fee out and such Map so deposited, to give Notice in some Newspaper circulated in the County of Stafford, which Notice, ora Copy thereof, shall be affixed upon the Church Door of the several Parishes of Yutbury, Hanbury, Tatenbill, Yoxalt, Hampjiall-Ridware, KoUefton, and Scroptcn aforesaid, of their having set out such Roads, and depoficed such Map, and also of the general Lutes of such intended Carriage Roads, and of the particular Carriage Roads, if any, so intended to be stopped up; and to appoint in the fame Notice,

a Meet-

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56. 931

a Meeting to be held by the said Commissioners, at some convenient Place in or near to the Forest or Chase of Niedwood aforesaid, and not sooner than Three Weeks from the Dare of such Notice, at which Meeting any Person who may be injurtd or aggrieved by the frttirvg out or (lopping up of such Roads may attend and if any Person (hah objc& to the letting out or (lopping up of the fame, that then the said Commissioners shall hear and determine such Objection, and the Objections of any other such Person, to any Alterations that the said Commissioners may in consequence propose to make, and shall according to their Judgement upon the W hole, order and direct how such Carriage Roads shall be fat out or (lopped up, and either confirm the said Map by resigning the fame, or make such Alteration therein as the Care may require:

Provided always, That if no Alteration shall be made by the said Commissioners, any Person so having objected, or if any Alteration shall have been made, then such Person, or any other Person who may be injurtd and aggrieved thereby, may appeal to the General (Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Stafford, within Four Calendar Months neat after such Meeting of the Commissioners as aforesaid, giving Notice in Writing to such Commissioners, or their Clerk, of the Intention to appeal, and of the Particulars to which he objcdls, and specifying the Alteration which he proposes, within Ten Days after such Meeting, anti entering into a Recognizance with sufficient Sureties before a Justice of the Peace for the County of Stafford, to try the said Appeal, and requiring the said Commissioners further to cause such Notice to be published in the Nev.'spaper before mentioned, and also to be affixed on the Church Door of the said several Parishes of Tutiury, Haniury, ‘Tatenhili^,

3~oxall, Hamp ft all- Ridware, Rdlefton, and Scnpton aforesaid, and that the said Commissioners, or One of them, or their Surveyor or Clerk,

shall attend at such Sessions, and then and there produce the Map above-mentioned j and the Justices at Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall, on hearing the Evidence, finally determine whether the said Roads so appealed against shall continue as lad ordered by the said Commissioners, or as proposed to be altered in such Notice, but net otherwise, and award such Cods to either Paity as to them shall seem expedient j and such Determination of the said Justices shall be final, and shall not be removed or removeable, by C rtiorari or otherwise; but in case no such Notice shall be given, or such Recognizance shall not be entered into, or such Appeal shall not be proceeded in as aforesaid, then such setting out or (lopping up of the said Carriage Roads by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive.

XXI. And whereas certain Individuals have at their own private Expence Comfwn&tion formed and made Carriage Roads over Parts of the said Forest or Chase, who and it may happen that the Whole or some Parts of such Carriage Roads madeCaniage respectively may be conveniently appropriated and used as Part of the UiTraid1 Forest publick or private Carriage Roads to be set out and appointed by virtue at their own of this Att, whereby considerable Expence may be saved be it therefore Exp'"ce* further enabled. That if the said Commissioners in setting out and appointing the publick or private Carriage Roads, by virtue of this Act,

shall think it expedient to adopt a Line of Direction for any of such publick or private Carriage Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, along the Whole or any Part of the several Carriage Roads which have been

already

$32 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

already respectively formed and made at the Expence of Individuals as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered (if they shall think it reasonable and proper so to do) to ascertain and determine what Sum or Sums of Money ought to be paid to such respective Individuals, or any of them, in Consideration of the having of Expence to His Majesty and the Proprietors at large, or either of them, or to any particular Proprietor or Proprietors, as the Case may happen, on account of such Carriage Roads or Parts thereof respectively being appropriated as aforesaid, and by their several Awards or Instruments in Writing, to be made by virtue of this Act, or One of them, to order and direct to whom, by whom, and in what Manner such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid.

"r Roads Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Land and Ground

not to be° ' which shall be so let out for publick Carriage Roads, and Spots of deemed p»rt Ground to be appropriated for the Supply of Stone, Gravel, and other to knotted. Materials, for the Repairs thereof, and for common Drains, and common Watering Places for Cattle, shall not be considered by the said Commissioners in setting out the several Allotments of the said Forest: or Chafe unto the respective Persons entitled thereto, under the Directions herein-after contained, as any Part of the Lands hereby directed to be valued, allotted, or set out; any Thing herein-after contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case any Private Roads shall be made by or for the Use of any of the Owners, Tenants, or Occupiers of any Lands within the said Forest or Chase, and any of such Private Roads or Ways shall afterwards be found of publick or general Convenience, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Quarcer Sessions for the County of Stafford, with the Consent of the Persons for whose particular Use such respective Roads or Ways werp made or left, to declare the fame respectively by their Order to be publick Roads or Ways, and from thenceforth the same shall be deemed publirk Roads or Ways for the free Passage of all His Majesty's liege SubjrOs, and shall be from thenceforth repaired’at the general Expence of the Township or Place within which such Roads or Ways are fuuate, in like Manner as other publick Roads therein are by Law repaired and maintained, or ought so to be.

XXIV. And whereas there is within the said Forest or Chase a certain BnckUy feoito p00l of Water, or Land covered with Water, called Luce Pool, containing Mr«.. '. rpen ^creSj or thereabouts: And whereas there was also in former

Times another Pool of Water, or Piece of Land covered with Water, called Brickley Pool, containing Two Acres or thereabouts; but which said last mentioned Pool, by Means of the Head or Bank thereof being decayed, did lie wholly dry for many Years, but is now in Parc covered with Water: And whereas some Doubts have arisen concerning the Right and Title to the said Two Pools, namely, whether the same are the Property of the Crown, as within and Parcel of the said Forest or Chase, or whether the same are the Property of the said Elizabeth Meynell Widow, who claims the Soil of the said Pools: In order therefore to obviate such Doubts, be it enacted and declared, That the said Elizabeth Meynell, and other the Owners of tWe

Quarter Sessions may convert private Roads into publick Roads.

933

41° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 5$.

said Mefiaage and Lands in Hoarcrcfs aforesaid, for the Time being, shall from henceforth have, hold, and enjoy, to heiself and themselves re1 spectively, according to her and their Estate in the said Messuage and Lands in Hoarcross aforesaid, the said 1'iece of Land called Luce Pool, containing Ten Acres or thereabouts, be the fame more or less, and allb the said fool called Brickley Pool, containing Two Acres or thereabouts, be the fame more or less, together also with a Border or Margin found the fame reflectively, of the Width of Six Yards from High-water Mark, and a Hoad or Way to the said Pools respectively, freea and discharged from all Claims of the Crown, and that the fame or any Part thereof shall not be deemed or considered by the said Commissioners as any Part of the Land or Ground authorized by this Act to be by them set out and allotted.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the several Pounds or Pinfolds now kept pinfold, n.

and appropriated for the Use of the said Forest or Chase, or the Ground the

whereon the fame or any of them are situate, shall not be deemed or

taken as any Part of the Land by this Act authorized to be allotted or set out, but the same shall for ever remain vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and be used as heretofore accustomed; unless the said Commissioners shall appoint any other Place or Places, Situation or Situations, for such Pound or Pounds, Pinfold or Pinfolds, which they are hereby empowered to do -, in which Cafe such Place and Places so to be appointed shall be and are hereby vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Purpose aforesaid and in case any of the said Pounds or Pinfolds shall be hereafter found inconvenient, in respect of Situation, it shall be lawful for the Steward of the Honour or Manor of Lit:bury for the Time being, or his Deputy, by and with the Consent of the Overseers of the Poor of the Township wherein any such Pound or Pinfold is situate, to remove the same to any other more convenient Place or Places upon the Wade, or on the Side of any Road in the same Township, or to erect any other Pounds or Pinfolds on the Waftss thereof for the more conveniently impounding of Cattle legally taken for Trespass.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and Allotments to they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to set out and owners.*1* allot within Tutbury Ward, in the said Forest, unto the Most Noble William

Duke of Dcvorshire, as Rector Impropriate of the said Parish of Tutbury, his Heirs and Assigns, and unto the said Joseph Clowes Vicar of the said Parish, and his Successors, in lieu and discharge of the Tythes of the said Ward, so much of the open Parts of the said Tutbury Ward, as they shall adjudge to be equal in Value to One-tenth Part of the said Tutbury Ward, and of the Incroachments and Inclosures thereon, (the Lodge called Brick'ey Lodge, in the said Ward, and the Inclosures therewith held and occupied, only excepted); and also lb many of the Oak Trees, or the Value thereo1, (landing and growing on the open and uninclosed Parts of the said Ward, being under the Girth or Square of Six Inches, as they shall adjudge to be equal in Value to One-tenth Part of all the Oak Trees thereon, being under the Girth or Square last mentioned j and shall also in like Manner set out and allot, within Marcbington Ward in the said Forest,

Unto the said Bishop of Lichfield and Country, as Rector of the said Parish of Hanbury, and unto the said Hugh Bailye, Vicar of the same Parish,

[Loc. 6* Per.~\ 11 D and

934

4t° GEORGII IIX. Cap. 36.

*.nd unto their relpiflive Successors, in lieu and discharge of the Tythes of the f.ud Marcbingion Ward, so much of the open Parts or the said Ward, and so many of the said Oak. Trees, or the Value thereof, (landing and growing on the open and uninclosed Parts of the said Ward, being under the Oirth or Square of Six Inches, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be equal in Value to One Tenth Part of the said Marcbington Ward, and of the Incroachments and Inclosures thereon, (the L*dge called Ealand Lodge in the said Ward, and the Ihclolures therewith held and occupied, only excepted), and to One Tenth Part in Value of all Oak Trees (landing and growing on the open and uninclosed Parts of the said Ward, being under the Girth or Square lad mentioned respectively; which said Allotments for Tythes in Tutbury and Hanbury Wards are to be afterwards apportioned between the said Rcflors and Vicars of Tutbury and Hanbury, in Manner herein after provided; and shall also in like Manner ftt out and allot, within YoxallWard in the said Forest, unto the said Thomas Clare, Rector of the said Parish of Yoxall, and his Successors, in lieu and dtliharge of the Tythes of the said Yoxall Ward, so much of the open Parts of the said Ward, and so many of the Oak Trees, or the Value thereof, (landing and growing thereon, being under the said Girth or Square of Six Inches, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be equal in Value to One Tenth Part of the said Yoxall Ward, and of the Incroachments and Inclosures thereon, (the Lodge, called Yoxall Lodge, in the said Ward, and the Inclosures therewith held and occupied, and so much of the Lands called Thatcbmore ht rein-after mentioned, as lie in the said lad mentioned Ward only excepted;, and to One Tenth Part in Value of all Oak Trees (landing and growing on the open and uninclosed Parts of the said Ward, being under the Girth or Square last mentioned lelpeftively; and shall also in like Manner set out and allot unto the said Baptjl Proby, Rector of the said Parish of Tatenbill, and his Successors, in lieu and tli(charge of the Tythes of the Lid Barton Wardt so much of the open Parts of the fail Ward, and so many of the Oak Trees, or the Value thereof, (landing and growing thereon, b.ing under the Girth or Square of Six Inches, as the said Commi (lionets shall adjudge to be equal in Value to One Tenth Part of the said Barton Ward, and of the Incroachments and Inclosures thereon, slave and except the Lodge called Sherbolt Lodge, in the said Ward, and the Farms and Inclosures therewiih held anti occupied, and lave and txcept certain inclosed Lands there, called Thatcbmore, containing Four A res more or ltfs, lying in Barton Ward and Yoxall Ward aforesaid, or One of them, heretofore granted by King James the First, by Letters Patent, under the Seal of the said Duchy, bearing Date on or about the Ninth Day of Ja-nnaiy, in the Twenty-fiid Year of his Reign, unto Edward Badbie and William Weltden and their Heirs for ever, under a Fee Farm Rent of Six Shillings and Eight-pence per Annum, which Rent was heretofore paid to the King’s Majesty by Matthew Butler, Owner of the said Land; and also save and except certain other Land, containing Two Acres more or less, heretofore inclosed by virtue of a licence for that Purpose granted%y the said King ‘James the First, under the Seal of the said Duchy, bearing Date on or about the Eighteenth Day of February, in the Twelfth Year of his Reign, unto one Richard Key, under a ye.rly Fee Farm Rent of Two Shillings, which Rent is now payable to the King’s Majesty by the Hi its, or Assigns of John Godwin, as Owner of the said Land), and to One Tenth Part in Value of all Oak Trees (landing and growing on

$33

41° GEORGII IH: Gap. 56.

the open Uriincjofed Parts of the said Ward, bring under the Girth or Squate laik mentioned rtfpcflively.

XXVII. And for apportioning and dividing the said Ailormenrs and other Compmlaiions fur Tydies in tije said Tutbury Ward and Marchin^ton Ward, between the said respective Reflers and Vicars of the said Parishes of Tutbury and Hanbury, according to their respective Rights, b; it further enacted, That the said Commissioners (half, when and so soon as they shall have fee out such Allotments, give unto each of them the salt! Rectors and Vicars of Tutbury and Hanbury, a Terrier and Account thereof, with a Copy of tire Plan or Survey of the several Plottings thereof, and an Account of the Values by them the said Commissioners set thereon, and also of all the Trees, or the Values thereof, aligned therewith as aforesaid and shall also appoint unto the said Reflors and Vicars, by Notice in Writing, to be delivered unto them with the said Terrier and Aceottrrr, a Meeting, (whereof not less than Fourteen Days, nor exceeding Twenty* one Days, to be computed from the Day of delivering such- Notice shall be given), for apportioning and dividing the said respective Allotments unfo the said respective Reflors and Vicars of the said Parishes of Tutbury and Hanbury, in Satisfaction and D.icharge' of their respective Tythes in the said Wards, and according unto their icfpeflive Rights and Imerefts therein; and in case the Restor and Vicar of both or either of the said Parishes shall at such Meeting, by themselves or their Agent or Agents, produce and deliver any Agreement in Writing, under their re-fprflive. Hands, duly signed by them, and attested by Two credible Witnesses, and such Agreement, as to the Parish of Tutbury, being also approved by the Bishop of the Diocese for the Time bring, teltified by his signing the fame, for settling and ascertaining the respective Proportions or Shares in which the said Reflors and Vicars shall have agreed, their said respective Allotments of Land anil Trees, or the Values thereof, shall be divided, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall fevef and divide the said Allotments of Land and Trees, or the Values thereof, according to the Terms of such Agreement, and shall award and assign the fame accordingly; but in case no such Agreement for both or either of such Allotments shall be then and there produced, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall at such Meeting hear che several Parties in Person, or by their Counsel or Agents, and thereupon, wi h all convenient Speed, apportion and divide the said Allotments for Tythes in Tutbury Ward and Mari hington Ward,' unto and between the said relpefl.ve Rectors and Vicars thereof, according to their respective Rights, as they the said Commissioners shall in their Judgement think jult and right.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall also make a just and fair Valuation and Estimare of the Tythes of the Four several Lodges on the said Forest, and the Farms and Inclosuresftherewith held and enjoyed within the said Tcxall Ward, and of the said Lands called Thatcbmcre, and the said Two Acres of Land, more or less, inclosed by Licence from King James the First as aforesaid, and shall thereupon- settle and alcettain in and Oy their Award herein-after directed to be made, what annual Compensation in Money they shall adjudge to be charged upon and ifiuable out of the said respective Lodges, Mills, Farms, and Lands, by the Owne s or Tenants thereof, in lieu and discharge of the Tythes thereof, unto the several and respective Reflors

and

For appor-ti ningr ihr I*ythe Allotment , of 7utOurj and Hanbwry between the Rc*ior* and V.cjxa thereof

Rents Char?^ to paid for Tytlie of Lodges and certain Free-holi Lands.

93& 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

and Vicars entitled thereto, according to their respective Rights; which several Payments in lieu of Tythes shall be deemed in Law, and are hereby declared to be Rents charged on the said respective Premises, and to be paid and payable as such Rents Charge thereout, by the several and respective Owners thereof, and their Heirs, unto the said Rector of !Tutbury, his Heirs and Assigns, and to the said several and respective other Redors and Vicars, 2nd their Successors, upon Michaelmas Day, Chriji-mas Day, Lady Day, and Midsummer Day, for ever, by Four equal Quarterly Payments, clear of all Taxes, as well Parliamentary and Ordinary, as Parochial and Extraordinary, without Deduction in the Nature of Rents Charge, and to be recovered and recoverable as other Rents charged upon and issuable out of Lands and Tenements may by Law be recovered.

TtoS'lL

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the Ring or cepted by the Outer Fences of the said Allotments for Tythes herein-after directed to be in^rdvrse" made at His Majesty's Expence shall be made and completed, the said

rge of Tythes.

Fore ft discharged from Tythes.

Allotments, and the said Rents Charge to be al'certained as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for, and shall be accepted by the said Rector of Tutbury, his Heirs and Assigns, and by the Vicar of Tutbury, and his Successors, and by the said several Redors and Vicars of Hanbury, Toxall, and Tatenhill, and their Successors, and by the said Ltflee of the said Rectory of Hanbury, and his Assigns, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of all and all Manner of Tythes whatsoever, which might or could otherwise accrue, arise< or become due to him, them, or any of them, their or any of their Heirs, Successors, Tenants, or Lessees, within and upon the said Forest or Chase of Need-wood, or from any Messuages, Lodges, Mills, Lands, Tenements, Inclosures, or Incroachments whatsoever, within the Limits and Boundaries thereof j and that from thenceforth the said Forest or Chase, and all and (angular the Messuages, Lodges, MiIls, Lands, Tenements, Inclosures, and Incroachmen s, within and upon the fame, shall become, and shall from thenceforth remain, and be for ever freed, exonerated, and discharged, of and from all Tythes of what Nature or Kind soever.

Hjw Tythe

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Allotments fotobe assigned to’txTaf and fee out unto the said Owners of Tythes, in lieu and in discharge f. (Tcri to ’ thereof, shall be aifelfed and rated to all parliamentary and parochial Taxes. Taxes and Assessments in and for such Townships, within the respective Parishes to which the same shall belong, as the said Commissioners, by their First Award herein-after provided to be made by them, shall order and direct.

T!ieLf(r« of

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all such Lands and other Compensions by this Act directed to beset out, assigned, or made, in lieu of the Reflorial Tythes belonging to the Rectory of the said Parish of Hanbury, shall be during his held and enjoyed by the said Robert Cheney and his Assigns for and

Lcate. during all tuch Term, Estate, and Interest, as the said Robert Cteney

shall then have to come under and by virtue of his Lease of the Rectorial Tythes of the said Parish.

Allotment to

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commission.ers shall, and

L^dcopy*. are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place to set out and

holders. y' assign

937

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

assign unto the Freeholders and Copyholders having a Right of Common ol Failure, or other Rights within the said Forest or Chase, or any Part thereof, so much of the open Parts of the said Forest or Chase, and of the Oak Trees, or the Value thereof, (landing and growing on the said open Parts, being under the Girth or Square of Six Inches, as they shall adjudge to be equal in Value to One full Moiety or Half Part, as well of the said Forest or Chase, and of all Inclosures and Incroacliments thereon, as alto of all the Oak Trees Handing and growing on the open Parts of thefaitl Forest or Chase, being under the Girth or Square last mentioned, in such Sort, Manner, and Form, as that the said Freeholders and Copyholders having a Right of Common of Failure, or other Rights therein, may have and take in lieu thereof One Moiety or Half Part in Value of the Whole of the said Forest or Chase, (Roads, Common Sewers, and Watering Places and Spots of Ground which are herein-before directed not to be deemed Part of the Lands to be divided under this Act always and only excepted), freed and discharged from all Manner of Tythes; and also One Moiety or Half Part in Value of all the Oak Trees Handing and growing on the open and uninclosed Parts of the said Forest,

Under the Girth or Square of Six Indies; and that in lettling and afeer- and"ncrof'S. raining the Value of such Moiety or Half Part of the said Forest or Chase, menu are to all the said Lodges, Inclosures, and Incroachments, shall be rated by the bc ,llued-said Commissioners according to their Quantity or Contents in Measure at the average Value per Acre, which the said Commissioners dial I fee as the Value of all the open Parts of the said Forest or Chase, and not at their improved Value.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing heroincontained A Saving of shall extend to give unto the said Commissioners any Power or Authority to survey, mark, value, or allot any Trees Handing upon any inclosed Lands, or incroached Lands, within the said Forest or Chase.

XXXIV. Provided also, That in settling and ascertaining the Value of the For fcttiing said Oak Trees, by this Act directed to be surveyed and valued, and in xfmber'rwa allotting unto and amongst the King’s Majesty, and the said Freeholders, the young Copyholders, Rectors, and Vicars, their respective Shares thereof, all

and every Oak Tree which shall contain Twenty-six Inches in Circumference, (Bark included), at the DiHance of Four Feet from the Surface of the Ground, or from the Root of such Tree, shall be deemed and considered as a Tree exceeding Six Inches Girth or Square; and every Oak Tree which shall not contain Twenty-six Inches in Circumference,

(Bark included), ac the DiHance of Four Feet from the Surface of the Ground, or from the Rooc of such Tree, shall be deemed and considered as a Tree under the Girth or Square of Six Inches, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXXV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said commission-Commissioners, at any Time before executing their final Award, to make «s i"1? make any Alterations in the Allotments and Fences which they may have fetout

and ordered, or in any private Roads laid, or to be laid over, or to such menta or on-Allotments that they shall think right and expedient; and in case any Person or Persons be injured by such Alterations, on Account of any Ex- Exeu.tion of pences he or they may have been at, the said Commissioners shall after- ,ht'r Awar<Jt* tain and determine what Recompenctx shall be made to him, her, or them,

ILoc. fc? Per.'} 11 E and

938

41° GEORGII Til. Cap. jj6.

and shall direct by whom and in whac Manner such Recompence Hull be made.

L »dgcs and I/ands.

His Majesty

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to gramw t*het0 an^ for the King’s Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by and with the Ad-Keepers their vice of the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, for the Time being, at any Time or Times, from and after the passing of this Act, by any Deed or Writing, under the Seal of the said Duchy, for such Consideration in Money as may be thought adequate to His Majesty's Interest in the said Lodges and Lands, (subject to any fub» filling Grant or Lease of the lame), or for such other Consideration at His Majesty, or His Heirs and Successors, shall think, fit, to granr, convey, and releale, in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, unto the said Four Keepers, and their Heirs and Assigns respectively, in Fee Simple, his and their several and respective Lodge and Lodges in the said Forest or Chase, with the Indofures therewith held and enjoyed, and all Trees thereon Handing and growing, freed and discharged from all Rents whatsoever to the Crown, but subject neverrhelcfs to the Payment of the aforesaid Rems Charge which shall be set thtreon by the said Commissioners, in lieu and discharge of the Tythes thereof; which said Deeds or Writings, so sealed as aforesaid, and duly inrolled with the Auditor for the North Farts of the said Duchy for the Time being, shall be effectual and sufficient in Law, to veil in every such Keeper and his Heirs respectively, the Fee Simple, and Inheritance of the Lodges and Lands, therein to be comprized and described, notwithstanding an Act of the First Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, or any other Act or Acts, or other Impediment or liability whatsoever; and that the Receipt of the said Receiver General, or his Deputy, for such Consideration in Money, (if any), shall be a full and sufficient Release and Discharge to every such Keeper for the fame, and that none of such Keepers shall be bound to fee to the Application thereof.

For vesting XXXVII.And whereas the King’Majestyorfome PersoninTrtiftfor Him In His Majesty* 's ^e'lec^ of or entitled unto a certain Cottage or Tenement, and Garden, with the Buildings and Appurtenances called The New Lodge, fuuate at or near Hanbury Wood End, in the said Forest or Chase, and of a Close of Land thereunto belonging, containing about Two Acres, now occupied by the Deputy Axbearer of the said Forest or Chase, and of a ccitain other Cottage anti Garden, with a Close of Land thereunto belonging, containing about One Acre, fmiate near the said new Lodge, and now enjoyed by the said Deputy Axbearer , and which laid several Cottages, with the Lands and Appurtenances thereunto respectively belonging, are or were ancient Encroachments on the said Forest or Chase, and the said Lands were many Years ago inclosed or taken from the said Forest or Chase, and have been held and enjoyedby ihe formerrespectiveOccupiersorPolL-flbrsthercof, subject only to Amerciaments from Time to Time set or impoftd by the Juries of the Vv’oodmote Court for the said Forest or Chase, and Time the Purchase thereof, by or for the Use of His Majesty, have been held and enjoyed by the Deputy Axbearer of the said Forest or Chase, in reljjeft of the Office of Axbearer; be it therefore further enacted, That the said new Lodge, with the Outbuildings, Gudens, Lands, and Appurtenances

thereunto

939

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

thereunto belonging, and also the said other Cottage, situate near the raid new Lodge, with the Outbuildings, Gardens, Lands, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, now respectively enjoyed, by the said Deputy Axbearer, with all Trees growing or {landing thereon, shall be, and the same are hereby veiled in and shall be from henceforth held and enjoyed by the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Sticccfiors, for ever, freed and discharged from all Tythes whatsoever: Provided always, That ic shall and may be lawful for the principal Axbearer of the said Forest or Chase, or the Surveyor of His Majesty's Woods, within the Honour of Tutbury for the Time being, or the Deputy of such Principal Axbearer or Surveyor of Woods, in Right and with the Content of such Principal, from Time to Time, to have, hold, and enjoy the said new t.odge, with the Outbuildings, Gardens, Lands, and Appurtenances thereto belonging , and also the said ocher Cottage htrein-before mentioned, with the Outbuildings,

Gaidens, Lands, and Appurtenances thtreunto belonging, and every Part of the said Premises, in right or in respect of the said Office of Axbearer of the said Forest or Surveyor of Woods, within the said Honour of Tutbury, without paying any Rent or Consideration whatsoever for the same.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Lands as have been Forvcfting in heretofore incroached upon the said Fori ft or Chafe, and are now in the Hands or Possession of His Majesty, or of any Petfdn for His Majesty's ments now m Use or Benefit, with all Trees Handing and growing thereon, shall be, i’oOefiion. and the same are hereby absolutely veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for ever, as Parcel of the Possessions of His Majesty‘s Duchy of Lancojier, freed and discharged from all Tythes, and from all Claims and Demands of the Freeholders and Copyholders, and all other Persons having Right of Common of Pasture or other Rights in or upon the said Forest or Chase.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and singular other the Lands Incroieli^ heretofore incroached upon the said Forest or Chase, and all Cottages rvtpU*£j and other Buildings erected thereon, and for which any Amerciament owners in was set or paid to the Collector of the Wards of the said Forest before the ^ee‘ Woodmote Court, held for the said Forest or Chale on the Twenty-first Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, with all 'frees (landing and growing thereon, (except a Brick Kiln and Parcel of Land at or near Hadley End in Toxall Ward, in the said Forest or Chase, now or late in the Ho.ding or Possession of Poyfcr, and

another Brick Kiln and Parcel of L and at or near Hanlury Woodside, in Marcbington Ward in the said Forest or Chase, now or late in the Holding or Possession of Abraham Howis, and except also all other Brick Kilns, with the Lands and Appurtenances therewith used or occupied, being on any Part of the said Forest or Chase), shall be, and the same are hereby accordingly veiled in and shall be from hencefoith held and enjoyed by the several and respective Persons who now hold and enj >y the lame to themselves and their Heirs in Fee Simple, freed and discharged from all Tythes, Quit Rent5, and other Rents and Amerciaments, subject ~ nevertheless, to such Limitations, Uses, Trusts, Leases, and Mortgages as have been heretofore made or declared thereof, and to which the fame would have been subject as against the present Owners thereof, in case {his Act had not been made; and in case any Question or Dispute shall happen

940

frcr settling Di(putts as to Ownership of Incroachments.

For vesting Incroachments made in lieu of Land thrown open to the Fureit in the present Owners in Fee.

How ln-

croachments are to be assessrd.

Confirmation of Copyhold and other Lands erv-closed.

41° GEORGII IU. Cap. 56.

happen to arise touching or concerning the Right or Title of any Two or more Persons claiming the fame Incroachment, or to whom any Incroachment ought, according to the true Intent and Meaning ot thit Aft, to be deemed to belong, that then and in every such Case, it shall be lawful to and for any of the said Claimants to prefer their Petition to the said Commissioners, (fating their Claim and Right thereto, and.that it shall thereupon be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to call all Par ies before them, and to swear and examine any Wicncfles which shall be produced unto them, and to hear and settle every such Qocftion and Dispute, and in and by their First General" Award hereinaiier directed to be made by them, to declare the Ownership of every such dif-puted Incroachment accordingly: Provided always, That no such Petitinn shall be received by the said Commissioners, nor shall they have any Power to determine any such Question after the Execution of their said First Award, htrein-after directed to be made by them.

XL. And whereas Come Persons have been permitted to indofe certain small Parts of the said Forest or Chase in Consideration of their throwing open and appropriating to the said Forest or Chase so much old inclosed Lands as was a (air Equivalent for the Parts of the said Forest or Chase so permitted to be inclosed, and in general the old inclosed Land (b thrown open has been Incroachment, buc some Part or Parts thereof has or have been Freehold Land , be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall inquire and determine what Indofures or Incroachments have been made upon the said Forest or Chase, under the Circumstances above mentioned, and which of them were made in lieu of old Encroachments, and which of Freehold Land; and that all and every such Inclo-fares or Encroachments shall be vested in and shall be from henceforth for ever hereafter held and enjoyed by the respective Owners or Poflessors thereof, and their Heirs in Fee Simple, freed and disthaiged from all Tythes, Quit Rents, and other Rents and Amerciaments, (object nevertnelels to such Limitations, I-fes, Trusts, Leases, and Mortgages, as have been heretofore made or declared thereof, and to which the fame would have been subjectas against the present Owners thereof, in case this Act had not been made; and that all the Landswhich have been thrown open and appropriated to the said Forest or Chase as an Equivalent for such Inclosures or incroachments as aforesaid, shall be deemed and considered, and are hereby declared to be, to all Intents and Purposes, Pans of the said Forest or Chase, and shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed accordingly.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all and Angular the said Incroachments', with all Cottages and Buildings thereon, shall be deemed and taken to be within and belonging to such of the said respective Townships herein-before particularly named, in the said County of Stafford, as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their laid F’irft Award, order and direct, and shall be charged and affeQcd to all parliamentary and parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments accordingly.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and Angular the several Cottages and Lands within the said Forest or Chase which were, before the said Twenty-Arft Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, held and occupied by any Person or Persons in Fee Simple, Fee Tail, or by Copy of Court Roll, and for which no Amerciament was-before that

Time

941

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Timeimposed, set, or inflicted, by the Jury of the said Woodmote Court, shall continue to be held and enjoyed by the Person or Persons entitled thereto by the fame Tenures, and such as are Copyhold of the fame Manors, as the fame respectively now are or have been heretofore held; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it furthej- enacted, That all and Angular the Residue and Allotment« Remainder of the said Forest or Chase not herein-before directed to be ‘heKu’* allotted, nor hereby veiled in or declared to belong to any Person or Persons, and all and Angular the Rest and Residue of the said Oak Trees,

Handing and growing on the open and uninclosed Parts of the said Forest or Chale, not herein-before directed to be allotted and set out to the said Rectors, Vicars, Freeholders, and Copyholders, shall be set out and allotted by the said Commissioners unto the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and that His Majesty's said Portion or Share of the said Forest or Chase shall, from and after, and so toon as the fame or any Part thereof shall be fenced in and fevered from the Lands adjoining thereto, become and remain the exclusive and absolute Property of the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy of Lancaster, freed, exonerated, and for ever discharged of and from all Tythes whatsoever, and also of and from all Rights of Common of Failure and Turbary, Common of Ellovers, and other Rights of what Kind or Nature soever, of all and Angular the Freeholders, Copy-holders, Lessees, Tenants, and Inhabitants of the said several Townships of Anflovo, Barton-under-Needwood, Calliugwocd\Coton, Draycell, Dunjiail, Fawlde, Hampstall-Ridviare, Hanbury, Hanbury Wood End, Hoarcross, HeundhtH,

Marcbington, Marcbington-Woodlands, Moreton, Newborough with Thorney Lattes, Rolleston, Tatenbill, Tutbury, Stubby Lane, Toxall, and Screpton, and every of them, their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, subjtd nevertheless to such annual Rents Charge in lieu of Ellovers, as herein-afeer is provided

And which said Allotment of the said Forest or Chase to be made to The King* the King’s Majesty as aforesaid, shall include Five hundred Acres, or compo^the upwards, from Hanbury Gate to Butter Milk Hill in Marcbington Ward in ®r«v'* "nd the said Forest or Chase, with all the Trees, Coverts, Underwood, Brakes, Bank,"1 and Bullies thereon, in order to comprize certain Places called The Greaves and The Banks, which are to be allotted unto the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful o*

at all Times hereafter for the Inhabitants of the several Townships of Drawn and Draycott and Stubby-Lane aforesaid, to have access to the Spout of a certain Spring of soft Water in the Greaves aforesaid, at a Place there where the to a spring of Current or Stream from the said Spring is joined by a Current or Stream soft Water, flowing from a Spring of hard Water, in order to take loft Water from the said Aril-mentioned Current or Stream, by means of a Way of sufficient Width for a Water-Cart, with a Space for turning at the End, to be set out by the said Commissioners, and enclosed at the Expence of the King’s Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, from the Turnpike Road across the said Forest, to the Spout of the said Spring of loft Water, at the Place aforesaid.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful toand for CommWlon-the said Commissioners, with the Consent of the Chancellor of the Duchy Land mi?* [Lee. & Per.] n F of of Quit RcnU,"

942 41° GEORGII III. C*p. 56.

of Lancosler, and of the Panics interred respectively, to assign and set out qnto fin Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to such other Person or Persons respectively, as are entitled to any Fee Farm, Chief Rents, Quit Reno, or other dry or unimprovable Rents, arising out of any Lands or Tenements within- the Paid Forest 'or Chafe, or any of the Paid < several Townships before mentioned, such Portion or Portions of Lapd.as

shall in the Judgement of (he laid Commissioners be equivalent to the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Paid Peveral Rents, in lieu of and full Satisfaction for the fame, and that due Allowance and DeduClion for such Equiva.ent shall be made by the said Commissionei1* out of the Allotments to be made to the several Persons who shall be exonerated from the Gid Rents; and that such Rents to be compensated for as aforesaid, and the Lands to be allotted in lieu thereof, shall bespecified in the said Commissioners Awards, or One of them.

'0 ' Jx f*

Inftriiftioni XLVI. And, to the End and Intent, as wfell the King’s Majesty, His Heir* mir.onfr°as" an^ Successors, as the said RcClors and Vicars, Freeholders and Copy-toihc Mode holders, may be reciprocally and proportionably benefited by their respect"he*sr"nd1pin l.'ve Allotments of the said open Forest or Chase, be it further enacted, vision.^ ’ 'J’hat the said Commissioners shall, as far as Circumstances and the Nature of the Cafe will admit, so apportion and divide the Paid open Forest or Chase, to and amongst all Parties entitled to any Allotment thereof, under the Authority of this ACI, as that every Allotment thereof may contain its due Quantity of good and bad Land, and of Lawn or Plain and Wood Ground, rateably and proportionably according to its respective Quantity and Value.

Kighnofcer- t

XLVII. And foi'making untothe said Reftorand Vicar of the said Parish of to Common and their Successors respectively for the Time being, and to the

of f.ttoverf, said John Arden, Thomas Whittaker, and Elizabeth Meyncll, and their several r°d them »k" anc* re*Pf^'ve Heirs and Assigns, or such Persons as may be entitled thereto, cmoperdaOon 3 reasonable Compensation for their Right of Eftovers in the Lid Forest or by way of Chafe, in virtue of the said Chancel of the Church of Hanbury, and of their Paid ^ntc arge. yever3] fjoufes, Halls, Mills, and Appurtenances herein-before particularly mentioned, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized dnd required, as well by View and Survey of the Prtrriifes in respect of which the said several Persons are entitled to such Eftovers, as by the Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer),br Rich other Ways and Means as to them shall seem necessary or expedient, find out'and ascertain, and by their said first Award adjudge and declare what Satisfaction, by way of annual Rent Charge, ought in Justice to be paid and allowed by the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to the said Rector and Vicar of Hanbury, and their Successors respectively, and to the said John Arden, Thomas Whittaker, and Elizabeth Meynell, and their several and respective Heirs and Assigns, or such Persons as may be entitled thereto for the Loss they will severally sustain by being deprived the Enjoyment of such Eftovers as they have been severally allowed to take and enjoy within'and upon the said Forest or Chase, at any Time within the Space of forty Years last pad, and that the several annual Payments which shall, by virtue of this Act, be so adjudged as a Compensation to be paid in lieu of such Eftovers, shall be for ever deemed and considered as Rents Charge upon, and to be issuing and payable out of His Majesty's Allotment of the |T b "v - w said

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

said Forest or Chase (except only such Part or Par?s thereof as is or are herein-after directed to be sold for the Purposes herein-after mentionid) unto the Rector and Vicar of Hanbury, and their Successors respectively, and unto the said John Arden, Thomas Whittaker, and Elizabeth MeyneH, their Heirs and A [Tigris for ever, or such Person* as may be entitled thereto, and to be recovered and recoverable by them respectively, as any other Rents chargeable upon and issuing out of Lands and Tenements, are recoverable by Law; and that the said annual Payments or Rent Charges, which shall be adjudged to the said Rector and Vicar of Hanbury, and their Successors rtfpcctivtly, shall not be considered as a Fund accountable for by the Rector or Vicar thereof for the Time being for providing Timber or Eftovers for the Repairs or Use of the Chancel and Houses appertaining to the said Rectory and Vicarage respectively, but shall be deemed and considered as an Augmentation to the Elhtes and Revenues of the said Rectory and Vicarage respectively unalienable, for the foie'Use and Benefit: of the Rector and Rectors, Vicar and Vicars thereof,! for the Time being/

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any other Person or Persons shall think himself, her.self, or themselves entitled to any Common of Eftovers within the said Forest or Chase, and shall, on or before the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and two, deliver unto the Clerk of the Council of His Majesty's said Duchy of Laner.fier, or to his Deputy, at the publick Office of the said Duchy, kept in Somerset Place, in the County of Middlesex, his, her, or their Claim or Claims thereto, containing an Account of what particular Kinds of Eftovers such Person or Persons.so claims or claim to have, and for what Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, and whether by Grants or Prtscription, together wich an Affidavit, to be sworn by some credible Witness before any Commissioner or other Person autherized to take Affidavits in any of the Four Courts of Westminster, or in the Court of Duchy Chamber, that the Eftovers so claimed have been taken or enjoyed within Forty Years next before the swearing such Affidavit, and ,such Claimant or Claimants shall thereby submit to refer such Claim or Claims unto any Barrister at Law therein to be named, (and who shall have thereby previously signified his Readiness to act therein, by subscribing his Name thereto), jointly with such other Barrister at Law as shall be named and appointed by the said Clerk of the Council or his Deputy, for and on the Behalf of the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, that then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Clerk of the Council or his Deputy, and he is hereby accordingly required forthwith to nominate and appoint, by Writing under his Hand, one other Barrister at Law,-for settling such Claim or Claims-, and the said Two Barristers so named shall and are by virtue of this Act authorized and requited to act as Arbitrators in xvery such Claim, and to proceed to hear and determine the fame, and to call in such Umpire, in cale they differ in Opinion, as they shall think fit, and by their Award to declare the Right and Title, and the Extent thereof, or the Want of Right and Title of every such Claimant; and in case of their allowing any such Claim of Eftovers, they are to settle and ascertain what Satisfaction by way of annual Payment or Rent Charge ought in Justice to be paid and allowed by the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, unto every such Claimant, for the Lois he, she, or they will severally sustain in respect of such Eftovers, to which such 6 Claimant

For making a Com pen fit ion to other Claimants of Bitovers*

Such Claim to be settled by Reference to Two Barrister*.

944-

Rents Charge for Eftovera to be considered belmgingto the Estate to which the Estovers belong.

An Award on th- Grand

Division.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Claimant or Claimants shall be so found to be entitled, and that such Payments shall be from thenceforth deemed and eonfidcred as Rents Charge upon, and be issuing and payable out of His Majesty's Allotment of the said Forest or Chase, (excepting only on such Parts thereof as shall be sold for the Purposes herein-after directed), unto the Person or Persons (b entitled thereto, and be for ever paid, recovered, and recoverable as such: And to the End every Award of the said Arbitrators, allowing any such Claim, may be perpetuated, the same shall be annexed unto and be briefly dated in the first Award of the said Commissioners herein-after di-retted to be made by them: Provided always, That no Person or Persons claiming any such Eltovers, and who shall not deliver his or her Claims thereto according to the Mode and within the Time herein-before for that Purpose limited and appointed, shall afterwards have any Right or Title so any Kind of Eftovers within or upon the said Forest or Chale, but shall (land absolutely precluded and debarred therefrom: Provided also, That no Person shall, under any such Claim, be deemed to have a Right or Titla to any other Kind of Eftovers than such as he or they shall shew in Evidence before the said Arbitrators, (who for that Purpose are hereby empowered to cajl before them, and examine upon Oath, all such Persons as they shall think fit), and to their Satisfaction, some Att of Allowance, Usage, or legal Enjoyment of such Eftovers, within the Space of Forty Years, to be computed from the first Day of this present Session of Parliament: And in cale the said Arbitrators shall, on their examining into any Claim of Eftovers so made and referred to them, adjudge and declare the same to be frivolous, the Person or Persons making such frivolous Claim shall be liable to pay to the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, all the Costs and Charges of such Reference; and in order to the Recovery thereof, the Award of the said Referees shall and may, on the Application of the Actorney General of the said Duchy, be made a Rule of any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or of the Court of Duchy Chamber.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Rents Charge which shall be so awarded and settled as a Compensation for Common of Eftovers, under and by virtue of this Att, shall be, remain, and enure to and for such Uses, Trusts, and Limitations, and beheld, received, recovered, and enjoyed by the several and respective Persons entitled thereto, for such absolute or limited Estate or Estates, as the several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in respect whereof such Common of Eftovers were due, ap-purtenant, or belonging, and as now are or shall hereafter be settled, limited, charged, or declared of, upon, or concerning the same, and as Part of and belonging, and appurtenant to the Mesne Profits thereof respectively, and to and for no other Ule, Trust, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

L. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have staked and fei out the said Forest or Chase into the several Allotments herein-before directed, and shall have settled, determined, and executed the several other Trusts and Powers herein-before vtfted in or di'ected to be done by them, they the said Commissioners shall draw up and execute an Award in Writing (to be called the First Award) whereof there shall be Three original Parts, with a Map or Plan of the said Forest or Chase, and the several Divisions thereof annexed to each of such Parts, and which fa;d Map or Plan shall be deemed and taken as Part of such Award, and that in and by the said Award shall be set forth the

Quantity

445

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56:

Quantity and Number of Acres, Roods, and Perche5, of the said For6ft or Chaff, and an Account of all publitk and private Roads, Ways, and Paths, common Drains and Sewers, and comm-n Watering Places for Cattle, through and over such Parts of the said f-Vreft or Chafe as shall become the Property of, or be allotted by virtue of this Act unto the King’s Majesty, and unto the said several Reftn'rs and Vicars, in lieu and discharge of Tythes, and also true and exact Del. riptions and ContentS'of the Plots or Parcels of Ground assigned for supplying the said Roads and Ways with Stone, Gravel, and other Materials' for the Repairs thereof; and of all and every the Allotments of the said Forest or Ch\fe herein-before directed to be made and let out, and the Subdivifidns of the Ty the Allotments between the respective Reclors and Vicars of Tutbury and Hanbury, and the Situations, Abuttals, and Boundaries thereof respectively, with Orders and Directions within what particular Townships the several Allotments and other Compensations to be made in lieu and discharge of Tythes, and the several Incroachments of the said Forest or Chase, with the Cottages and Buildings thereon efefted, shall be respectively deemed to belong, and to be rated and sUrfled to all parliamentary and parochial Rates, Taxes, and Assessments, and also what Part of the Fences of (he several AllotVnents for T'ythts shall be kept in Repair by each and every of the Owners or Occupieis of such Allotments respectfVely, together with their Order or Adjudication hqw much and what particular Parts of the publick and private Roads, Highways,*Footpaths, Drain5, and Common Sewers^ within the^id forest or Chafe, are or ought, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, to be made at the Expence of the King’s Majesty; and to be atfciwat-ds. repaired by His Majesty's Leflces, Grantees, or Tc; nants, and other the Inhabitants of or within the falTte, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and also all such orher Orders, Regulations^ arid Determinations, as they shall think fitting or necessary to make dr givei touching dr concerning tfte Repair of the Ffences of the said Tythe Allotments, and the Use of such Spots of Ground as shall be fee out as aforesaid forlupplying Materials for Repair of Roads and Highways, so that none ot such O; tiers, Kegtriations.or Determinations, be repugnant to any particular Provisions in this Act contained, concerningrhbfdme, and that there shall be also contained in the said Award an Account of the several RentsCharge which the said Commissioners shall have settled and determined to be' paid to the said Owners of Tythes of the said several Lodges,- Mills, Farms, and Indofures, herein-before particularly directed, in lieu and disc charge of such Tythes? and by whom, and to whom in particular, each and every such Rents Charge shall be so paid, and also an Account of the several annual Payments which shall, under the Authorities and Directions herein-before in this Act contained, have been adjudged or'determined to be made and paid by the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and SuccessTors, unto the Persons entitled to Eftovers in the said Forest of Chafe, as a Compensation for such Eftovers; and that the said COmrrlissioners shall also annex to their said First Award a Terrier, with proper References to the said Map or Plan, containing an Account and Adin'eafurerfient of all Inclosures and Incroachments whatsoever within the said Foteft or Chafe, and of the Cottages and Buildings thereon, with the Christian and Sir-nam^s, as well of the several Persons to whom the said Commissioners shall have determined the said Incroachments respectively, according to tlip ttue Intent and Meaning of this Act, *to belong, as of the several Occupiers thereof, and distinguishing what Parts thereof [Loc. & Per.'] n G are

94&

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

are of Freehold Tenure, and what Parts thereof are of Copyhold Tenure, and of what Manor or Manors the same are holden, and wh»t Part thereof are Incroachments, and also distinguishing such of the said Incroachments as were made and presented or amerced at the Woodmote Court holden on or before the Twenty-first Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-ninej from such as have been made ftnoe that Time; and that there shall also be aontxed onto every original Part of the said Award such Account and Valuation of the Oak Trees on the said Forest or Chase as are herein-before directed to be made and taken thereof; and that the said Commissioners shall, within One Month alter the Execution of the said Award, file or deposit the said Three original Parts thereof in Manner following, (chat is to say). One Part thereof in the Office of the Clerk of the Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, to be there imollrd and recorded. One other Part thereof in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Stafford, and the other < f the said Three Parts thereof to the Registrar or Deputy Rrgilfrar of the Bitliop of Lichfield and Coventry for the Time being, to be filed and kept for the safe Custody thereof in the Krgrttry at Lichfield-, and as loon as the said several original Pans of the said Award shall have been lo filed or deposited, the said Commissioners shall cause an Advertiscment to be inferred in the London Gazette, and also in any Country Newspaper circulated in the County of Stafford, containing publick Notice to all Per-suns interested of their having so done; and that all Persons shall be at liberty to insped and take Copies of any of the said Three original Parts of such Award, and the several Annexations thereto, or any Pait thereof, upon Payment to the proper Officer of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Inipedion, and for a Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, on Payment after the Rate of Four-pence for every Seventy-two Words; and any of the said original Parts of the said Award, or a Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, under the Hand of the said Clerk of the Council or Clerk of the Peace, or Registrar, or their respective Deputes for the Time being, shall be admitted and received as Evidence thereof: Provided a I ways, That the Draught of the said Award shall, previouslyto thrExecutionthereof, be read at a Special General Meeting to be called for that Purimfe, of which Ten Days Noticeat leatHhall be given by Advertiscment in the London Gazette, and also in the Birmingham Gazette, and by affixing Notice on the principal Door of the several Parish Churches of Tutbury, Hanbury, Tatenhill, ToxaH, HampftallRidvuare, RolLfion, and Stropton aforesaid.

Award to be

LI. Provided also, That the said Award shall be read and ligned «?tna"h C8" ky the Commissioners, in the Presence of the Proprietors at a Special Pretence of General Meeting called for that Purpose, of which Ten Days Notice *ndP"r'ciaiin at be E’vtn tn the Birmingham Gazette, and that such Award

ed iifthe^du" shall be proclaimed the next Sunday, in the several Parish Churches of Churche rl,h H‘lnbu,y-> Tutbury, Tatenhill, Yottall, I lampjlall-Ridware, RolLfion, and lure cs. Scrcpton, from the Time of which Proclamation such Award shall be considered as complete.

How persons Eli. And be it further enacted, That in case the Attorney General of dissatisfied His Majesty's said Duchy, or any of the said Re&ors or Vicars, or any Award are to °* ,a*J Freeholders or Copyholders of any of the said Townships, not proceed. being lei's than Six in Number, and whose Assessment to the Land Tax for their Lands and Tenements in the said Townships for the Year next

proceeding,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

preceding, shall amount togetherto One hundred Pounds or upwarils, or any of the Persons made liable to the Payment of any Rent Charge in lieu of Tythes, shall be aggrieved by, or drffatiified with any Matter or I hing to be done of directed by the said Commissioners, or in case any Pets m claiming any Incroachment on the said Forestor Chafe shall be difljtlsfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners concermrg the Ownerfh pof such Incroachment, that then and in every such Cale it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so being dissatisfied, at any Time within Forty Days next after the Insertion of the said Advertiscment in the London Gazette, to prefer their Petition to the Court of Exchequer, or the Chief Baron and other Barons thereof, or to the Court of Duchy Chamber, or to the Chancellor thereof, dating the Particulars whereby they are so aggrieved, or wherein dissatisfed, and the causes thereof respectively, and verifying the Fads and Allegations to be contained in any such Petition, by Affidavit to be annexed theicunto, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to which any such Petition shall be so presented, to hear 3nd determine every such Petition in a fcimmary Way, or if need be, to cause the said Commissioners, Surveyors, and other Witnesses, to be examined on Oath by the proper Officers of the said Courts on Interrogatories, or vird voce, and to issue all such Commissions for inquiring into the Truth of the Premises, by the Examination of Witnesses, and to refer all or any of the Matters to be contained in any such Petition, unto the Remembrancer or other Officers of the said respective Courts, for their Repot ts therein, according to the Course of such Courts upon Petitions in causes depending, as either of such Courts shall think fit, and thereupon to make such Order in the Premises, with or without Cods, to be paid by the Petitioners, or other Party or Parties thereto, or interested therein, as the said Courts shall in their Discretion respectively think just and right , and that the Orders and Determinations of the said Courts respectively shall be in all Things performed and obeyed, as well by the Parties to or Persons affected by every such Petition or Order, as by the said Surveyors and Commissioners, and such Orders shall not be subject to be appealed from to any superior Court whatsoever, but shall be binding and conclusive; and that all and every Matter and Thing to be contained in the said Award, and in respect of which no Petition shall be preferred as aforesaid within the Time herein-before (or that Purpose limited, shall be final and conclusive.

94-7

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Five hundred Pounds Fdrdetlminr shall, within the Space of One Month next after the passing of this Act, be paid by the Receiver General of the said Duchy of Lancaster, out of fh'.'i i^'paid the Revenues of the said Duchy, into the Hands of the Commissioners by the u own. appointed by this Act, as His Majesty's Share or Proportion of the Bills of Fees and Expences of the Solicitors employed by the said Freeholders and Copyholders, in soliciting and obtaining this Act , and that the Residue of such Expences (if any) shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be by them received for the Use of the Freeholders and Copyholders, having Right of Common of Pasture on the said Forest or Chase, as hereby provided; and all the Costs and Charges of the said Commissioners and Surveyors, up to the Time of their making and executing their said first Award, including the Charges thereof, shall be borne and defrayed by the Receiver General of the said Duchy of Lancaster,

out

94§

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

out of the Revenues of the said Duchy, in Manner herein-after provided and directed; and to that End, the said Commissioners and Surveyors are hereby directed and required, within One Calendar Month after the Execution of the said firth Award by the said Commissioners, to deliver unto the said Receiver General their several Bills of Costs and Charges up to that Time , and that the said Commissioners shall be at Liberty to charge for their Time, Labour, and Expences, after the Rate of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence per Day, and no more, for every Dty, they shall have been necessarily and respectively absent or cm-ployed in the Execution of so much of this Act as is herein-before directed to be executed and performed by them; and that the Surveyors Charge for making their Survey and Plan of the said Forest: or Chafe, in the Manner herein-before directed, shall not exceed the Rate or Price of One Shilling per Acre, efcclusive of neccftary Attendances upon the said Commissioners, and Labourers Wages, to be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners; and in case the said Receiver General shall be dif-satisfied with any Charge to be contained in such Bdls, and the said Commissioners or Surveyors shall not, on being called upon for that Purpose, satisfy the said Receiver General, as to the Restitude or Reasonable-ness thereof, that then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Receiver General t<J preler his Petition to either of the said Courts of Exchequer or Duchy Chamber, and to take such Measures for Redress therein, and for such Courts, or either of them, to receive and hear the Matter of every such Petition, and to make such Order and Determination therein, as is or are herein-before provided, in case of Objections taken, or Petitions preferred in respect of any Matter contained in the said Commissioners first Award , and that in like Manner such Order and Determination shall not be subject to be appealed from to any superior Court, but shall be final and conclusive.

Men-yaJ-

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall repaid1 wUh* at'vance any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying the Expences of ob-Iateiett. taining and pading this Act, or of carrying the fame into Execution, every such Person shall be repaid the fame, with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the first Monies which shall be received or raised by the said Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, for defraying such Expences.

Direction? for

LV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said First f.ncing t!:e Award shall be perfected as aforesaid, and all Petitions(if any) concerning the °Crt>iv!iS *° the ft me shall be determined in the Manner herein-before directed, and an i the my he the Time giv n for preferring such Petition elapsed, the Receiver General owners. Qr otjler proper Officer being the reunto duly authorized by His Majesty's Commission, or Letters Mandate under the Seal of the said Duchy, shall forthwith, out of His Majesty's Revenues, pay and discharge what shall be so found due to the said Commissioners and Surveyors, and shall also, at His Majesty's F.xpence, forthwith cause, as well the Allotments of the King’s Majesty within the said Forest or Chase, as also each and every of the Allotments of the said several and respective Rectors and Vicars, in discharge of Tythes, to be fenced with Outer or Ring Fences, and that such new Fences as shall be made for inclosing the said Tythe Allotment shall consist of a proper Ditch and Bank, planted with a Row of Quick*, sets in an husband-like Manner, which Quicksets shall be guarded on

949

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

both Sides thereof with a Fence of Oak Port and Rail, (that is to say), on One Side thereof with a Fence of Oak Pods and double Rails, and on the other Side thereof with a Fence of Oak Posts and single Rail, according to the Custom of the Country, and that in making the aforesaid Fences, all the Quicksets shall be planted on the said respective Allbt-ments, at the Distance of Four Feet from the Lines stakea or marked out as the Outlines or Boundaries of the said Allotments respectively; and that for the better Protection of such Quicksets, it shall be lawful for the respective Owners thereof for the Space of Seven Years, to be computed from the Date of the Commissioners First Award, to erect and let Up an additional Fence of Posts and Rails on the Outfides of such Ditches, upon the Land and Ground of any other Persons next adjoining thereto, and from Time to Time to repair the fame, so that every such additional Fence shall be set and placed within Two Feet of the Verge or Edge of every such Ditch.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all the new Fence? to be made for F®^pijr inclosing His Majesty's Allotments shall be for ever maintained and repaired at the Expence of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or by His or Their Lessees, Grantees, or Tenants, and that all the new Fences of the said Tythe Allotments (excepting such, if any, as shall abut upon or adjoin to His Majesty's Allotments, or any Part thereof) shall be maintained and for ever repaired by the respective Owners and Occupiers of the said Tythe Allotments, in such Manner and Form as shall be directed by the said Commissioners First Award herein-before directed to be made by them.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after such Timeor Times as the said Commifll >nrrs shall direct, by Writing under their Hands, to when the be affixed on the Principal Door of the several Parish Churches- of Han- rlnunon to bury, Tut bury, Talenbi'l, Toxall, Hampstall-Ridware, Rollef.an, and Scrap- Ce.,fc. ton, and to be published in the London Gazette, and some Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Forest or Chase, all Right of Common of Pasture, Turbary, and Eltovers,' and other Rights of the said Freeholders, Copyholders, and all other Persons,

(the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the said Tythe Owners, their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns respectively excepted,), within and upon the said respective Allotments lb to be inclosed and allotted to the King’s Majesty, and the said Tythe Owners respectively as aforesaid, shall from henceforth cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

- i

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of His Majesty's Allot- r°r ftu'ing ment of the said Forest or Chase (if any) as shall happen to lie in Tutbury ment^onlie Ward, shall be annexed unto, and be deemed and confiaered as within King- Aliot-and Part of the Township of Tutbury, and shall be all died to all Parliament‘* mentary and Parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments within and for the said Township of Tutbury (Statute Duty and Compositions and Assessments to the Highways only excepted); and that so much of His Majesty's Allotment as shall happen to lie in Marclinglon Ward, shall be annexed unto and be deemed and considered as within and Part of the Township of Hanbury, and shall be assessed to all Parliamentary and Parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, within and for the said Township of Hanbury (Statute Duty and Compositions and Assessments to Highways Per.J 11 H only

95°

vrhtn AflVir-vnents of the Forest Land shall commence.

Allotment* to

be accepted in lien of former R'ghts.

The Crown to make a Proportion of the pubhek Hoads.

The King's Allotment eretfeH into a new Dill nit for Repair of Roads.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

only excepted)-, and that so much of His Majesty's Allotment as shall happel to lye in Toxall Ward shall be annexed unto and be deemed and considered, as within and Part of the Township of Toxall, and shall be afTrtl'ed to all Parliamentary and Parochial Taxes, Rates, and Aflellintnis, within and for the said Township of Toxall (Statute Duty and compositions and Ash-flrnents to the Highways only excepted), and that so much of His Majesty's Allotment as shall happen to he in Barton Ward, shall be an-Hexed unto ant! be deemed and considered as within and Part of the Township of Tatenhill, and shall be assessed to all Parliamentary and Parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, wnhin and fur the said Township of7tf-ttnbill (Statute Duty and compositions and Assessments to the Highways only excepted); and that the said Comnnflioners in setting out the said Allotments of His Majesty, shall so lay the same as that the said Allotments may cor.fist. as far as Circumstances and Justice to all Parties will admit of, a due and just Proportion of each and every of the pour Wards of the said Forest.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in regard the present open Grounds within the said Forest will be attended with a great F.xpence to the first Owners, Occupiers, or Tenants thereof, before any Advantage or Benefit can be had or received therefrom, all the present open and unin-r closed Parcs of the said Forest shall be exempt from all Parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, for the Space and until the End of Two Years, to be computed from the Date of the said Commissioners first Award.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the said Allotment herrin-b' fore assigned for the Benefit of the Freeholders and Copyholders, and the Compensation hereby provided to be made to the Persons entitled to Common of Eftovers within the said Forest or Chase, shall be taken and accepted in full Compensation, Sattsfattion, and Discharge of all their Rights, Claims, and Privileges whatsoever, in, over, and upon, all the Residue of the said Forest or Chase; and that the said Allotment to the said Freeholders and Copyholders shall, from and af.cr the passing of this Act become and remain freed, exonerated, and for ever after absolutely discharged of and from all Rights of Fcreft and Chafe, and Right of Soil of the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, save and except such temporary Rights of Chafe as are herein-after reserved.

LXI.And, for the greater Ease and Benefit of the several Townships entitled to Right of Common on the said Forest or Chase, in respect to the making and repairing such publick Roads, Highways, Paths, Drabs, and Common Sewers, as shall be found necessary and expedient to be made through and over the fame-, be it further enacted, That the Shaie and Allotment of the said Forest or Chase by this Act directrd to be made and set out to the King’s Majesty, shall, by virtue and Authority hereof, in respect to the making and repairing publick Roads, Highways, Footpaths, Drains, and Common Sewers, be erected and nude a separate and distntt District of iiself, and called The Forest District, and shall remain for ever by that Name a separate and dillindt District, and be charged and chargeable with the Amendment, Maintenance, and Repair of all such of the publick Roads, Highways, Footpaths, and Common Sewers within the said Forest or Chase, as shall be ascertained and ordered by the said Commissioners, in and by their said First Award, to be made 2 at

95*

41° GEORGII in; Cap.'16.

it His Majesty's Expener, so that the Quantity of Roads, Highways, and Footpaths to be (o repaired by the said dew District, shall not exceed in Length its due and just Proportion of the Whole of the said publick Roads and Highways, to be taken and ascertained according to the same Proportion which the Land in the said new District shall bear in Value to the Whole of the said Forest or Chase, and so that the King’s Majesty, His Heirs or SuCcefTars, or the Inhabitants of the said new District, shall be charged only rateably and proportionably with the Expence of making or repairing of any Drains or Common Sewers in the said Forest or Chase, as other Lands and Tenements to be relieved thereby shall be charged; stor shall the fad District'be charged with the Expence of making or repairing any Drain or Common Sewer, save and except only such as shall contribute to the Eaie and Benefit of the Lands in the said District.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all such Parts of the several publick Roads and Highways, Paths, Drains, and Common Sewers, which shall be ordered by the said Commissioners, in and by their said first Award »o be kept in Repair by the Inhabitants of the said new District, shall be made at the proper Costs and Charges of the King’s Majesty, out of the Fund herein-after provided and directrd, by such Persons as shall be thereunto authorized by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by Commission or Warrant under the Seal of the said Duchy.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chancellor of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, at such Time as he shall think fit to appoint, by Writing under his Hand, such Two Persons, being Tenants or Occupiers of Lands, within the said new District, as the said Chancellor shall think fit, to be the Surveyors of the Highways within and for the said District, and such Surveyors shall continue in Office until the then next Special Sessions of the justices of the Peace, to be held for the Highways within the Limits of the Hundred of Offlownorth, in the said County of Stafford., in the Week next after the Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, at which Special Sessions new Surveyors of Highways shall be appointed for the said District, and so continue from Year to Year to be appointed in the Manner directed and prescribed by an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend', and reduce into Ore Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Prtje vation of the publick Highways, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes and that the Persons to be from Time t;> Time appointed at such Special Sessions to be Surveyors of the Highways for the said District, on Refusalto serve the said Office, shall be liable to all the Pains, Penalties and Duties by the said Act, or arty other Act or Acts respecting Highways, in such Cases imposed or inflicted, or accepting the said Office, shall remain and continue therein, and in all re-lpefls conform themselves to the said Act or Acts, and be deemed and considered in Law, in respect of the said Office of Surveyor of Highways fur the said District, as inverted with the lame Powers and Authorities, and entitled to the fame Immunities, and to be in the fame Plight and Condition as in other District , Parishes, or Places; and the Tenants and Inhabitants of the said District shall, from and after the Appointment of such Surveyors by the Chancellor of the said Duchy, be subject and liable to all such Statute Dury or Composition in lieu thereof, and to all other

Payments

Road* to be made at the King’* Expence.

The Chancellor of the Duchy to appoint the firtt Surveyors of the Highway*.

VS* 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Payments and Assessments to the Highways within the same, as othet persons are by Law subject and liable to, in any other Disttift, Township, or Place; and that such Statute Duty shall be performed and enforced, and the said Compoficions, Payments, and Aflcfimems shall be made, paid, recovered, applied, disposed of, and accounted for in the same Manner and Form, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said District had been erected before the passing the said last-mentioned Act; anti that no Messuages, Lands, or Tenements within the said Distiift, or any Part thereof, nor any Tenant or Inhabitant within the same, shall be afltflVd or chargeable in respect of the said Distnft, or of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments therein, to any Rates or Assessments 10 any ether Highways, or compellable co do any Statute Duty or Labour therein.

For settling

LXIV. And to prevent any Doubt or Dispute at what annual Rates or itw&he"1 Values the Occupiers of Lands within the said ntw District shall be assessed new Diitrkt and rated, be it enacted, That the fame and every Part thereof shall be shall be assess- assessed to the Highways, in a due and just Proportion to each other, to be ascertained in the first Instance by the said Commissioners, if required, and as to all other Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, the same shall be assessed and rated according to their fair Value, in a due and just Proportion with other Lands lying in the fame respective Townships, within and for which such Rates, Taxes, and Assessments shall be so respectively set and paid.

Land to be LXV. And, for raising and providing a Fund to defray the Costs and sold to make Charges by this Act directed to be borne and paid by His Majesty as KxpenccsT aforesaid, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chancellor and Council of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, from Time to Time, in Court of Revenue of the said Duchy, to make such Orders for the Sale and Disposal of any Parts and Parcels of His Majesty's Allotment of the said Forest or Chase, unto such persons, and at and for such Prices as the said Chancellor and Council shall think fit; and that upon Payment by the respective Purchasers of such Sums of Money as shall be so agreed upon as the Prices for the Purchases of the Premises respectively, into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Revenues of the said Duchy for the Time being, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chancellor of the said Duchy for the Time being, by any Deed or Writing under the Seal of the said Duchy, to grant, convey, and release, in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, unto such several and respective Purchasers and their Heirs, in Fee Simple, the several and respective Parcels of Land or Ground by him, her, or them respectively purchased, free from all Rents and Payments whatsoever, which laid Deeds or Writings, so sealed as aforesaid, and duly inrolled with the Auditor for the North Parts of the said Duchy for the Time being, shall be effectual, and sufficient in haw to vest in every such Person and his Heirs, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Lands therein to be comprized and del’cr|jbtd, notwithstanding the said Act of Parliament of the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the better Support oj Her Majesty's Houseboli» and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown," or any other Act or Acts, or other Impediment or Disabilicy whatsoever; and that the Receipt of the said Receiver General for such Purchase Monifcs, shall be a full and suffi-, cient

41° GEORGII III. Cap. $6. gSi

cient Release and Discharge to every such Purchaser for the fame, and that any such Purchasers shall be in no respect liable or bound to fee to the Application thereof.

I.XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained Nor more thin shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give unto the said Chancellor ts®* and Council, any Power or Authority to make sale of, or convey, beyond the Quantity in the Whole of Seven hundred and fifty Acres of His Majesty's laid Allotment.

LXVII. And be it further tnaded, That all the Monies which shall arise Application by such Sales, shall be applied and disposed of by the Receiver General of the Revenues of the said Duchy, under the O der and D.region of the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy for the Time being, in the first P.ace-, in defraying the several Costs and Charges hertin-before directed to be paid and borne by the King’s Majesty, or by the Receiver General of the said Duchy as aforesaid and in case there shall be any Surplus, the same shall be accounted for, and answered by the said Receiver General to the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as Part of the Revenues of the said Duchy j but in case the same shall be irtsufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, such Deficiency shall be made good out of the other Revenue* of His Majesty's said Duchy, in such Manner as the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy Hull direct.

LXVIII. And to the End His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, may be powen for enabled to m :ke and grant Lcafns of His and their Parts and Shares of u>« the said Forest or Chase, for such, Term* of Years, and with such Privileges meninJtth01* as will make it answer to, and thereby encourage and induce the Lessees PriTiieg*,* and Tenaits thereof to ered and; build substamial Houses and Offices, to Timber, and to make Drains and other Improvements therein, and to protect the young Trees growing on the Premises, uniil they arrive at a State of Maturity, and to encourage the Increafeof useful Timber and other Trees thereon; be it further enacted, That it Ihalfand may be lawful to and for the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to make and gr.int Leases under the Seal of the said Duchy, to any Person or Perforn, of His Majesty's said Share and Portion of the said Forest or Chale, or any Parts thereof, and of anyHouses or Eredinns now handing, or hereafter to be built thereon, with Licence for the Lessees to get and take Sand, Earth, and Clay, to make Bricks and Tiles, to be used in and upon the Premises, and with such Share of Benefit and Advantage to arise by the Growth and Sales of Timbrr and other Trees thereon, as to the King’s Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefiVs, shall seem meet and expedient, for any Term or Number of Years in Possession, not exceeding Ninety*nine Years, and from Time to Time to renew such Lease or Leases, with like Privileges and Advantages, f> that at the Time of any such Renewal the Term in Po(f. ffion, or remaining unexpired, together with the Term or Terms to be granted in Reversion by such renewed Lease or Leases, shall not exceed in the Whole Ninety-nine Yeats, and so as such Term or Terms to be granted in Reversion, be made to commence and take Effed on the Expiration of the Term or Terms before granted, and so as all and every such Lease or Leases, whether in Possession or Reversion, be in all other Rtfpeds made and granted agreeable and conformable to the Terms and Conditions prescribed and directed by the said Act of Parliament [Lor. y Per.] 11/ ot

©54 41° GEORGII III. Cap. $6.

of the First Year of the Reign of Queen /time, for rbe feetM Sup* pore of her Majesty's Household, and the Honour and Dignity of the

Crown. .'Eats:

For «sn>inj LXfX. And be it further enacted and declared, That His Majesty's ftidhts F<Mel^in4 of h'oifcll'and Chafe, Within arid overUhe laid Forest or Chase of M Ch.ne so t tetelf "shall +«main' and' caratnue 'vetted in His Majesty, His Hein' fad limned Time Suicirfforn, and all and every the Laws and Siature^of this Realm, now \ in force for th Proredlion of Deer, and for punishrnjr IVrfons guilty of

any Offence in Bre ich of such Laws, shall remain and continue in full For<e and Effect, for tft^Protection of His Majesty's Deer within the said t4 Forest and Gha'e, and! M the P-uriilhfowu! of Offenders therein, until thtsTwcn-y-fitth liny- of December One'thodfartd eight hundred and A\t>| any Tliino in this Act Contained to the contrary thereof inartywise notwithstanding': Provided si ways, 3-hat in case-' say Allotment or Allotments of-’the'laid Forelf'er Chafe Ly this Act- authorized or direified to be indofed, Dial I be a finally inclosed, And the Fences thereof completed before the said Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, that then and in every such Case it shall be lawful sordid actual Owner of every Allotment, from and after the complete Inclbfurt and Fences thereof, to kill any Deer on such his inclosed Land, and to hunt and kill any Dden thereon, before the said Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, and shall not be subject to any Pain, Penalty, or Punishment for so doing.

: > - ' ‘ ‘I " 000 . ! . I'.

FordiftiTorfit-

LXX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Twenty* ins ihewhcle fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, the Whole of the said Fordl or Chafe of Ntedwood shall be, and the fame is hereby difaf* forested and difehafed to all Intents and s whatsoever; and that from thenceforth no Person or Persons shall be questioned, or liable to any Pain, Penalty, or Pur.ishment for hunting, courling, killing, destroy* ing, or taking any Deer whatsoever, within the same, save and except within such Part or Parts thereof (if any) as shall be inclosed with Pales, and kept for a Park or Parks by the Owners, Lessees, or Tenants thereof.

Powers for

LXXI. And to the End that as well the several Portions of Land by this vfcai°stogrub Act directed to be allotted arid set out to the said Vicar of Tut bury, and to and dear file the said several Rectors and Vicars of Hmbury, Texall,a.nATatenbill, in lieu iand- and discharge of Tythes, as also the several Allotments which on the Sub-

division amongst the said Freeholders and Copyholders shall be set out and assigned to Tenants for Life, and to Persons holding by Customary or Copyhold Tenure, may be improved and reduced to a State of Cultiva-lion; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said several Rectors and Vicars, or their Successors respectively, and all Tenants for Life, and all Persons holding by Customary or Copyhold Tenure for the ’-pace of Seven Years, to be computed from the Date of the said Commissioners First Award, to grub and (lock up, fell, cut down, remove, take, and carry away, all such Oak Trees as shall be assigned to them and growing upon their several and respective Allotments of Land, together also with all Hollies, Bushes, Thorns, and Roots, within and upon their said respiective Allotments; and in case of any such Oak Trees being assigned to the Haid Rectors, Vicars, Tenants for Life, or Customary or Copyhold Tenant', or any other Persons Allotment or Allotments, then

955

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

to cut, takeaway, and dispost thereof, within such Tim." or Times as shall he ordered and limited by the said Comm.dio ers for that Pu'rpnfe, and the Produce thereof shall be applied in Manner hetein-aft r mentioned; and further, That it shall and m <y be lawful to and for the said Vicar of Powers for Tutlmry, and the said several Rectors and Vicars ot Hanbtcy, Tot. ill, and v^I>j‘,0anJ Tatt'nhill, and their Sncc (Tors icfprftively, with the Co ft It nr of the Bishop giant Ltar«. of Lichfield and Coventry for thfc lime bring, signified by Writing under his Hand, to grant Lea'cs of their rrfpcftive Allotments of the said Forest Or Ch.fe untold- h Person or Prrfoiis as they shall severally and reffidhvely think fit, for afcy Term or-Number of Years not exceeding FoWy Yeirs, to be computed'f»om the Dare or Dates thereof respectively, so as no such Lease be made thfpuniflrable of Wafie, and To as no Sum of Money ot other Gift be taken by wiy of Fine or Foregift for any such Lease Of Leases* and so as the befl Refit or Rents that can be gotten for the fame be reserved, thereon respectively, and so as such Rt nt or Rents be made payable quarterly, and the usual Power of Re-entry for Non payment of such Rent or Rents, and such other Chuffs and Covenants be contained therein as are ufiaally inferred in Leases of Farms in that Neighbourhood, and so as the Lefice or Lefitcs to be named in Ibch Lease or Leased do Execute and deliver Counterparts of the fame, and that upon the Death,

Cession, or Resignation of the said spiritual Rtftors or Vicars,'a just Proportion of the Rfrnts and Profits of such Lands and GrdundS as shall be allotted to the said respective Rectors ind Vicprs by virtue of this Act, shall be paid and rectived by the respective Rtftarand Vicar making such Cession or Resignation, of to the proper personal Represenfative or Re-presentatives of the respective Rector or Vicar who shall L> die, up to the Day of such Cession, Resignation, or Death', as the Case may be; any Law, Usage, ot Prfcscription, or any Thing to be contained in fdch Leases to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXII. And be itfurtfierenacted, That so soon as conveniently may he, the For taking said Surveyors shall proceed to make an accurate Surveyand Plan, as welfo'f fr'vrra{Town-all Messuages, Burgage House$, Houses called Constable-flings,a n d Co t ages ships. and Scites thereofias of all Lands and Grounds, fftuate. Handing, lying, and being within the said several and rtffpdftive Townships of Anjlow, Barton-under-Needwocd, Callingvuood, Coton, Draycolt, Dun/lrlt, Fawldi, Ilomp/lall-Rid-p:are, Ha iltiry, Hanlury IVcod End, Hcarcross, Hound Hill, Alarchington, Alar-chrnglon-IVcodiahds, Moreton.Ntvolorohgb with 77 orney Lana, Rollejton, Taten hill, Tutbury, Stubby Lane, Toxall, and Scropton, (save and except such Lands and Grounds as have been already surveyed, and as are herein-after directed not to be again surveyed or planned), and shall inquire and find out, and in and by the Survey, Plan, Field Book, or Terrier thereof, set forth a minute and exafty Account of all and Angular the Premises so surveyed, and the Quantity and Contents of each several Field, Inclosure. and Parcel of Land therein, with the Christlan and Sirnames of all and every the Owners and Occupiers thereof respectively, thereby diflir.guishing such of the Premises as are of Freehold Tenure fro'm lucji as are ot Copyhold or Customary Tenure, and of what particular Manors or Lordships the said Copyhold or Customary Tencmfents ar^ severally and respectively holden; and in case upon Inquiry made, the said Surveyor mall find or have Reason to believe, that any [VRfTuages, Houses, or Cottages, within any of the said Townships, have been ertfted and built on any new Scites, or From Steads, or upoir any Land incroat lied from

any

9 56

Proprietor* to produce Survey* already made, and to be allowed the Saving in Expence.

Commissionerj to appoint A Special

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

any Common or Waste Ground within Forty Years last past, or thsf any InclosureS in any of the said Townships have been incioacbrd from any such Common or Waste Ground, (whereby the Owners of such new erected or incroached Premises will stand precluded in respect thereto by the Provisions herein-after contained, from any Allotment out of ihfc Freeholders Share of the said Forest or Chase), or shall find that any ancient Messuage, Cottage, or other House in any of the said Townships, entitled to Right of Common of Pasture on the said Forest or Chase, hath, within Forty Years last past, gone to decay, and hath not been rebuilt, then and in every of such Cases the said Surveyors are, in and by the said Survey, Plan, Field Book, or Terrier aforesaid, to point out and certify the fame, together with all such Matters and Things respecting or concerning the Premises, for the Information of the said Commit* sioners and of the Parties interested, as they shall think fit and expedient.

LXXIII. And for Paving allunnecessaryExpenceandDelay in the Executiort of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, having in his or their Custody or PoffdTion any actual Surveys, Maps, or Plans of any Lands or Grounds within the Lid Townships, or any of them, co deliver fitch Surveys, Maps, and Plans, unto the said Commissioners, ac such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, and that the said Commissioners shall thereupon inquire by the Oath, as well of the Person or Persons delivering such Surveys, Maps, or Plans, respectively, as of such other Person or Persons as they shall think fit, (which Oaths they are hereby authorized to administer, upon the Holy Evangelists), into the Authenticity and Accuracy of every of such Surveys, Maps, and Plans , and in all Cases where the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that such Surveys, Maps, and Plans, are authentick, and have been accurately made, and will answer the Purpose of a new Survey, (but not otherwise), they the said Commifii rners shall deliver the fame over to the said Surveyors, with Directions for them to inlerc and copy the fame into the aforesaid Survey of the said Townships, instead of making a new Admeafu.ement and Plan of the Lands and Grounds so comprized and described in the Maps and Plans aforesaid and that the said Commissioners, in dividing and apportioning the Surplus (if any) of the Money by this Act directed to be distributed and paid to the said Freeholders and Copyholders, or in aflcfling the said Freeholders and Copyholders towards the Costs and Charges of putting this Act in Execution, (in case such Assessment shall be found necessary), and as the Case may be, shall make unto the Owners of the Lands and Grounds so already surveyed and described in the said Maps or Plans, a just and fair Allowance, proportionably to the Costs and Charges which the said Commissioners shall find will be laved by the Production of the said Plans and Maps of such respective Efhtes; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, in case such Person or Persons having the Possession of any such Surveys, Maps, or Plans, shall refuse or neglect to produce the fame at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall for that Purpose appoint, then such Surveys, Maps, or Plans shall not, at any Time thenafter, be received or admitted by the said Commissioners.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when and fofoon as the said Surveyors shall have finished such Survey, Plan, Field Book, and Terrier,

1 they

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

they shall deliver the same to the said Commissioners, who shall thereupon appoint One or more Special Meeting or Meetings, as thry shall think fit, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Door of every Church and licensed Chapel within the several Panlhes of Tutiury, Han bun, Yoxall, Tatenbift, Hampft all- Ridwart, Rol-le/lon, and Scropton, on Two Sundays at the lead before the Day or Days appointed for such Special Meeting or Meetings t at which Special Meeting or Meetings, all Persons interested shall be at liberty to inspect the la d Survey, Plan, Terrier, and Field Book, and to take a Copy of so much thereof as concerns his or her Estate or Interest.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Perfom having or claiming any Interest in the said Portion or Allotment of the said Forest, by this Act directed to be alTrgned to or for the Benefit of the said Freeholders and Copyholders as aforesaid, or any Right of Common of Pasture thereon, or on any Hart thereof, shall, and they are hereby required respectively to give and deliver, or cause to be given and delivered to the said Commissioners prefrnt at their said Special Meeting or Meetings, a Writing under their respective Hands, or the Hands of their respective Stewaids, Attornies, or Agents, specifying and containing an Account and Description, as well of the Messuages and Burgage Houses, and Scites thereof, as of all the Lands in respect whereof he, she, or they doth or do claim to be entitled to any Share or Portion of the said Allotment, under the Directions of this Act, with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons then in the actual Possession thereof; all which Writings or Claims shall and may at the Time or Times of the Delivery thereof respectively, and ac all other seasonable Times, until the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the said special Meeting or Meetings of the said Commissioners, be inspect.d and perused by any Person or Per-, fons having or claiming any Interest in the said Forest or Chase, or any Part thereof, or any Guardian, Agent, Trustee, Attorney, or other Person acting on Behalf of any Person having or claiming any fuels Right or Interest, tc the End that the particular Rights and Estates of every Claimant may be known to and by all others of them, who shall think fit to make any Inquiry relating thereto, and to the said Commissioners and all and every Person and Persons refusing and neglecting to give and deliver, or to cause to be given and delivered such Writing and Account as aforesaid, to the said Commissioners, at their said Special Meeting or Meetings, shall be excluded and totally debarred of and from all Right and Title, of, in, to, or upon the said Allotment of the said Freeholders and Copyholders, and of and from all Benefit and Advantage in or to any Share thereof. Infancy, Coverture, Lunacy, or any other general legal Impediment whatsoever, of or in any such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting in anywise notwithstanding; and that no Claim or Claims whatsoever shall be made or received, lave at the said Special Meeting or Meetings of the said Commissioners; and that all and every Claim and Claims which shall be so given in Writing to the said Commissioners »t their said Special Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, and to winch the said Commissioners shall have no Objtftion, or to which no Qbjcftion shall be made by any other Persons, within the Time herein-after mentioned, shall be allowed finally and conclufi.’ely again!! all Persons whomsoever, and the Claims so to be delivered and allowed shall never thereafter be suffered to be litigated, controverted, or disputed.

957

Meeting for

receiving

Claims.

Persons inte-reded to do*

livertheir

Claims.

g :8 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

M«tiing for

LXXVI. Provided a}ways, and be it further enacted, That after the Taid fctt'^‘ornnl,^loners ^all have held such specul Meeting or Meetings as afore-,"i " djcc- fa.d, they shall appoint such Time and Place, or Times and Places, as they «iom think fit, not being less than Forty Days, nor exceeding Fifty Day*

af er luth iprcial Meeting or Meetings for holding a further M cting to take into Consideration the Claims so made, and for receiving all such Ob-jcdions thereto, as any Person or Persons having or claiming any lntrn.lt in the said Allotment of the said Freeholders and Copvholdcis Hull think fit to makein rel'prd of any of such Claims, and whichObjedions are hereby required to be given unto the said Commissioners in Writing under the Hands of the Persons making the same, upon or before the First Day appointed for the said further Meeting, or the fame Hull not be received; and the said Commissioners at their said further Meeiing shall, and they are hereby directed and required, to hear, inquire into, and finally determine all such Claims and Objections, either by Examination of Pa'ties or Witnesses, on Oath, and in Writing or otherwilr, and by Inspection of all or any Deeds, Papers, or Writings, in the resprdtive Custody or Power of each or either Party, or upon or by such other Evidence, Proofs, Ways, or Means, as to them shall seem requisite and expedient in that Behalf; and for that Purpose the said Commission-$rs are from Time to Time to adjourn their said further Meeting as they shall find necessary or expedient, and to make such Order and Determination therein as to them shall seem just and equitable, and that every such Order and Determination shall be final and condusive against all Persons whomsoever.

Trust«s, nr. LXXVII. ProvidedaIways, andbeit further enacted, That all Claims made PtWon*'under any Committee, Guardian, Husband, Trulfee, or Attorney of any any Difauiliiy. Prison or Perfoi-s, being Minors, under Coverture, beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable by Law to make such Claims as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby declared to be as valid and effectual as if the Person or Persons on whose Behalf such Claims shall be so made, was or were capable cf acting for rhemfelvrs, and all such Claims, if made in such Time as aforesaid, shall be received and regarded, and proceeded upon in Manner herein-before directed; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall set up any frivolous, vexatious, or unjust Claim or Objection to, or concerning any Right or Interest in or upon the said Allotment of the said Freeholders and Copyholders, whereby any unnecessary Expence shall be occasioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to affel's such Costs as to them shall Item reasonable, upon such Person or Persons making or occasioning such frivolous, vexatious, or unjust Claims or Objections, and to authorize and empower any Peace Officer of the Liberty or Division wherein such Person or Persons shall rtfide, to levy the lame upon the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Person*, and to apply the Money so to be levied, towards defraying the Expence of carrying this Act into Execution.

Costs to be awarded for frivolous Claims or Objections.

41°georgii nn Cap. 5

LXXtX. And for the better enabling the said Commissioners to determine the fevrral Matters and Things by this Act referred to their Determination; be it enacted, Thar it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time as they shall see Occasion, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to summon and requelf any Person'or Persons to appear before them, at any Time and Place in such Writing to be appointed, to testify the Truth touching any Matter in Dispute between any Proprietors or interested Persons or otherwise relating to the Execution of the Powers given by this Act, and to catife a Copy of Inch Writing to be served on such Person or Persons required to give Evidence, tsr tobe left at his, her, or their usual or last Place of Abode; and every such Person so summoned who shall not, without reasonable excofe, appear before the raid Commissioners, pursuance to such Summons, or appearingshall refuse to be sworn or examined upon Oath, (which Oath the said Commissioners or any One of them, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer), such Person or Persons having been paid or had tendered to him, her, or them, the reasonable Charges of his, her, or their Attendance, and being thereof convicted before any One of His M^jetly*s Justices of the Peace for the County of Stafford, upon Information thereof upon Oath made before any Inch Justice, shall forfeit and pav such Sum of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds nor lei’s than Forty Shillings, *s such Justice shall think fit, and order such Pcn lty or Forfeiture to be levied by Warrant of such Justice by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person and Persons so convicted, together with the Costs of such Warrant, which Penalty shall be applied for such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Commissioners shall d.rest; and for Want of such sufficient Distress, the said Justice is hereby directed and required to commir fui h Person or Persons to the House of Correction for the County of Stafford, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he, she, or they shall submit him, her, or themselves to be examined according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in cafeany Person or Persons, upon Examination upon Oath before the said Commissioners, shall give falle Evidence, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties, inflicted by the Laws now in being, on Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said several Meetings shall have been so held, and all Claims of the said Freeholders and Copyholders settled and determined, they the said Commissioners shall take an actual View of, and quality all the Lands and Grounds in the said several Townships, for or in respect of which any Claim or Claims made by the rel’peftive Owner or Owners thereof, to any Share, Right, or Intereif, of, in, or to the said Forest or Chase, shall have been allowed or admitted by the said Commissioners, and set a fair and just Value thereon, according to the bed: of their Judgment and Ability, and according to the Quantity, Quality, Situation, State, and Condition of every several Piece or Parcel of Land and Ground, and shall thereupon assign, set out, and allot, as well the said Share and Portion of the said Forest or Chase, as all Oak Trees under the Girth or Square of Six Inches, or the Values thereof, by this Act directed to be allotted

unto

959

For summoning Withefc«.

For punishing Person^ guilty of Perjury.

Mode of fab. dividing the Commoners Allotment.

960

Particular Tenements, tfc. excluded any benefit from the Dj. vilion.

Scitei of an-tient Houses to hart Allotments.

For'feitling the Value at which Houses and Cottages ftad be rated.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Ufito the said Freeholders and Copyholder* respectively, unto and irtinhgft the Freeholders and Copyholders of Messuages, Burgage Houses, Cun-stable-Things, Cottages, and ancieot Srites thereof. Lands and Grounds, within each and every of the said respective Townshipt of Anflrw, Burton, under-Heedwood. Calhngwoad, Cotan, Draytatt, DunstaU, Fawlde, Hompftall. Ridwart, Han bury, Hanbury.Waod.end, Haarcrafs, Hound Hill, Mirth ngtan, Martbington Woodlands, Morttan, Neubl tough with Thorney Lanes, Rol-lesion, TatenbtU, Tu bury, Stubby Lane, Tottall, and Serepton, according to their respective Rights and (nterelts, giving and allotting unto every Proprietor, as well his or her due Share of Land, as his or her doc Shaie of the said Oak Trees, or the Values thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in assigning, setting out, and allotting such Allotments unto and among!! the said Freeholders and Copyholders, all Messuages, Burgage Houses, Constable-Things and Cottages whatsoever, erected or builc on new Scites or Front Steads, within Forty Years last pad, and also all Incroachments made either upon or from the said Forest or Chase, or upon any Common or Waste Ground whatsoever, and all Cottages and Erections thereon built and erected, and all and every the Parks or Farms and Lands anciently uled as Parks and called by the several Names of Hanbury Park, Ruffb.y Park, ignrf. ley or Agardjley Park, Rowley Park, Barton Park, Highlings Park, Stock ey Park, Tut bury Little Park, Rollcston Park, Castlebay Park, and Sherhclt Park, and also the several Lodges, called Brickley Longe, Ealand Lodge, Toxall Lodge, and Sherbolt Lodge, and the several Farms and Lands thereto belonging, or any of them, or any other Messuages, Houses, Constable-Things, Cottages, or Lands, (if any), which the said Commissioners shall adjudge not to have or to be entitled unto any Right of Common in the said Forest or Chase, or any of the Owners thereof in respect of the several Premises aforesaid, shall not be deemed or conGdered as having any Right of Common on the said Forest or Chase, n. r shall the said respective Premises, or any of them, be counted, rated, or valued, in apportioning the Shares or Allotments of the said Porell or Chafe unto and amongst the said Freeholders and Copyholders.

LXXXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in cale the Lid Commissioners shall find that any ancient Messuageor Burgage House, Constable.Thing, or Cottage, entitled to a Right of Common on the said Forest or Chase, hath fallen to decay within Forty Years last past, that then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners shall, in making the said several Allor. ments, consider such Messuage, Burgage House, Constable-Thing, or Cottage, as if the fame was now (landing, and allow unto the 0»ne* of the Scite thereof his Allotment accordingly.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in apportioning and setting out the said Allotment or Share of the said Freeholders and Copyholders, and the said Oak Trees under the Girth or Square of Six Inches, or the Values thereof, to the said Freeholders and Copyholders, every Messuage, Burgage House, and Constable-Thing, and the Scite of any such, shall be rated by the said Commissioners at the annual Rent or Value of Nine Pounds, and every such ancient Cottage and Scite thereof, at the annual Rent or Value of Six Pounds, without having any Regard to

the

41° GEORGII III. Cap-. $6. 961

the teal Rent, or Value of any of such Messuages, Burgage Houses, Constable-Tfiings, Cottages, or Scites reflectively \ any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the AdJotmentsto For »rce.t*;n-bemadc and fetout untoand amongst the said Frteholdersand Cwpyholders Ajfc»tmen» as aforesaid, fh.dl be annexed unto, and be, and become^ and for ever'* to b« hereafter remain Part of such of the respective To\\nships before mentioned, as the said Commissioners shall think most expedient and proper,

(giving to each Township, nevertheless, a due and just Proportion of such Allotments), and that the Allotmentssfo assigned by the said Commissioners to any particular Township, shall be there assessed and rated to all Parochial Taxes, Rates, and Afledments; and the said Commissioners shall, in and by their final Award, specify and declare to which Township respectively each and every Allotment by them made shall belong, and be assessed and rated accordingly.

LXXXVI.And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner$,inmak* Commissioning the said Divisiuns and Allotments, shall have a due regard to the Quality eo

and Situation, as well as the Quantity of the Lands so to be divideS and Quality and allotted, and also to the Conveniency of the Parties concerned, and shall Situation, set out the Part or Share of every Person respectively, in One intire Plot or Parcel, where the fame can be conveniently done, and as near to each particular Person’s Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, as conveniently may be, without Prejudice or Partiality to any of the Parties and Persons intetefted in the said Division and Inclosure.

I.XXXVII. And, to the End and Intent as well the Tenants or the King’s F0r retting Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the said Owners of Tythes, as all out Mari* other Proprietors of Land within the said Forest or Chase, may be the more readily supplied with Marie fur the Improvement of their several and respective Allotments thereof, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to set out and assign such Spots or Parcels of Ground within the said Forest or Chase, with private Roads and Ways thereto, as they shall think fit for supplying Marie unto the said Tenants, Tythe Owners, and Proprietors, or unto such of them as shall have no Marie in their own Allotments; and in Consideration thereof, the said Commissioners shall, in setting out the several and respective Allotments of the Persons entitled tQ the Benefit of such Marie, make a due and just Abatement theijequt in Proportion to their respective Rights; and that the said Commissioners shall, in and by their final Award, and the Survey and Map thereto annexed, describe and set forth the several Spots of Ground by them assigned for Marie Pits, and the Roads and Ways to be used thereto, and make and lay down all such Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, for the due and proper Enjoyment and Ufc of the said Marie Pits Roads, and Ways, by the several and respective Persons for whole Benefit the same shall be so respectively. set out, and for fencing in the fame, and for inflicting such reasonable Penalties upon ali Persons who shall be guilty of any Breach-oy Non-observance of any of such Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, and upon all Persons who shall dig or take any Marie therefrom, not being entitled thereto, as they the said Commissioners shall think just and expedient, provided such Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, be printed and published.

iLoc. Per.)

11 L

LXXXV HI. And

962

Allotment! to be indoled.

Remedy again It Persons who shall neglect to indole.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enactrdjTharalland every the said Freeholders and Copyholders shall inclose, and well and sufficiently fence and ditch their several and respective Allotments, within such Time or Times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, and that the said Commissioners, in directing and settling the Fences of the said Allotments, shall order and direct a Quick Fence to be made and repaired on each Side of every publick Road which shall be let out, in, over, and upon the Premises, by the Owners of the several and respective Allotments abutting upon or adjoining to the said publick Roads, and duly apportion the Residue of the Fences for separating such lad mentioned Allotments from the Allotments adjoining thereto, or the Expences of making the same, (as after mentioned), to and among!! the respective Owners of such adjoining Allotments accordingly j and in case any Person or Persons shall not inclose, hedge, ditch, or fence, his, her, or cheir Allotment or Allotments, within such Time, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Occupier of the Lands or Grounds next adjoining to the Allotment or Allotments of the Person or Persons who shall not have so.inclosed, hedged, ditched, or fenced the same as aforesaid, to exhibit a Complaint upon Oath against such Person or Persons, before One or more of His Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Stafford, not being interested in the Lands or Grounds so intended to be inclosed, who is and are hereby empowered and required to summon the Parties concerned, and to examine Witnesses upon Oath in respect of the Matter of every such Complaint, and to order, direct, and appoint the Person or Persons exhibiting such Complaint, to make and complete the Hedges, Ditches, and Fences, of the Person or Persons who shall not have lo indoled, hedged, ditched, or fenced as aforesaid, in such Manner as the Person or Persons so neglecting or icfuling was or were ordered and directed to have done by the said Commissioners; and also shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, directed to any Constable or other Peace Officer, cause the Charges and Expences of making, repairing, and maintaining the Hedges, Ditches, or Fences of the Person or Persons who shall not have lb mdofed, hedged, ditched, or fenced as aforesaid, to be levied by Distrtfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons lo neglecting or refusing, and to pay the same over unto the Person or Persons making and complying such Fences as aforesaid, rendering the Surplus (if any) after Payment of such Charges and Expences, and of the Costs and Charges of takiqg and making such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, or otherwise the said Justice or Justices shall and may, by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Elands and Seals, authorize and empowerthe Person or Persons exhibiting such Complaint, to enter into and upon the Lands so to be allotted to loch Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to inclose as aforesaid, and to receive and take the Rents and Profits of the fame Premises respectively, until thereby or therewith the Charges and Expences of making and completing the said Hedges, Ditches, or Fences as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by or attending such Entry upon and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the fame Premises, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the P°w'r t*fc* respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time and at all Times during the Fence*. & Term of Seven Years next after the Execution of the Fiift Award of the said Commissioners for the Prrfervation of their Quick Fences, to place down Ports and Rails, or other Fences, on the Ourfidrs of the Hedges bounding their respective Allotm.-nts, not exceeding Two Feet from the Ditches, and co take and carry away the said Ports and Rails, and other Fences, at any Time within the said Term.

XC. Provided always, That when any Proprietor shall plant and make He-tjotob* any Quickset Hedge and Ditch next adjoining the Allotment of any Fe*ettX?th,i«c*r other Proprietor or next any adjoining Parish or Place, or against any the Attot-Road, then every such Proprietor shall plant such Quickset Hedge on his, mciu*-her, or their Allotment, at the Distance of Four Feet at the lcart from the Outline or Boundary of such Allotment.

XCI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if, owing to the Satisft.nion to Situation or other Circumstances of any Allotment or Allotments, it be shall happen that the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof shall not have a o? Boundary' proportionate Share of Boundary Fencing thereto, it shall and may be Fence*, lawful for the said Commissioners, where they shall judge it seasonable, to afeerrain and appoint any Sum or Sums of Money to be contributed and paid by such Proprietor or Proprietors towards the Expences of the Boundary Fencing of such other or others of the said Proprietors who may happen to have too great a Proportion thereof, in order that the Expence of Boundary Fencing may be brought as near as may be to a jurt and equal Proportion, (due Regard being had to the necessary Sub-division Fences within the respective Allotments), and the Money so to be ascertained and applied shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as the general Expences, to be borne, paid, or defrayed by the said Freeholders and Copyholders, are herein-after directed to be levied and recovered.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Two or more Persons Pro»ifion» for whose Allotments shall be contiguous or adjoin together, shall ag'ee to "n°0{

leave their respective Allotments, or some certain Parts thereof onin- toinciofe. closed, as between each other, then and in such Case such Persons Ih.ill be at Liberty for ever, or for any Time whatsoever, to leave the fame uninclosed, as between each other, upon Condition that they, some or one of them, do make and set up and repair the Fences for fevering their several Allotments from the Allotments of other Persons adjoining thereto, according to the Orders and Directions of the said Commissioners; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCIII. And be it further enacred, That convenient Gaps and Openings Gap, to he shall be left in the new Fences belonging to the said Freeholders and Copyholders for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next ensuing the Execution of the Commissioners final Award, herein-after directed to be made by them for the Padage of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, in and through the fame, unless the said Commissioners shall order and award to the contrary, and then for such Time only as they shall so order and award; and that all and every the Proprietors of the i' said

964

Allotment! in Seierally may be made to joint Tenants, Tenants in Common, ftc.

For Etehange of Property.'

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

said new Inclosures shall have full Power and Liberty, for the Space of Seven Years, to erect or set up any Gate or Gates acrofi such Gap* or Openings, and also across any of the Roads to be made through or against his, her, or their Allotments for keeping out Sheep and Cattle, and to prevent their destroying any Banks, Drains, Plants, Quicklets, or Fences, which shall be made or planted for the Purposes of this Act, save only and except across the Turnpike Road leading over the said Forest or Chale from Yoxall towards Sudbury, and other publick Carriage Roads whereon no Gate shall be set up or erected.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That if at the Time of such Divisioni and Allotments to be made as aforesaid, any Person or Persons shall be fcil’ed of any Meffu.ige or Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for or in respect of which any Allotment or Allotments shall be made as aforesaid, or of any other Messuage or Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any other Lands or Grounds already indofed or which shall be exchanged by virtue of this Act, as Joint Tenants, Tenants in Common, or Co-parceners, or shall have any other undivided Share or Interest therein respectively, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, at the Requtft in Writing of any such Person or Persons, to divide, set out, and allot the Lands, Grounds, and Tenements, to which such Persons respectively shall become entitled by virtue of this Act, to each and every of the fame Persons respectively, in Severalty, in Proportion and according to their respective Rights, Interefh, and Properties.

XCV. And, for the greater Convenience of the Persons interested in the said intended Division, as well in respect to the Situation of their several Allotments of the said Forest or Chale, as in respect to the Situation of their several Tenements and Lands in the said Forest and Townships; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to and for the several Owners and Proprietors of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments Ijoing within the said Forest or Chase, or within the said Townships, or any of them, or their respective Guardians, Husbands, Trustees, or Committees respectively, or Persons acting as such at any Time before the said Commissioners shall have made and executed their said final Award, by proper Deeds, Writings, or Surrenders, to be duly made and executed, to make Partition of or to exchange all or any of their several and respective Allotments of the said Forest or Chase, or any Part thereof, and all or any of their several and respective Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lying or being within the said Forest or Townships, or any of them, for any other Allotments of the said Forest or Chase, or any Part thereof, or for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate and being within the said Forest or Chase, cr Townships, or any of them, or in any other Parish or Place adjoining or lying near thereto, so as all such Partitions and Exchanges be made with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners, and be by them set forth and declared in and by their said final Award, and that all Partitions and Exchanges so to be made as aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, notwithstanding any Infancy, Coverture, Lunacy, or other Disab'lity of any of the Parties thereto or on whose Behalf the same shall be so made, and notwithstanding any Use, Will, Settlement, Trust, Limitation, Incumbrance, or other Impediment to the

contrary;

965

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

contrary; and that the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so partitioned or given in Exchange, shall be, continue, and remain subject to the same Uses, Wills. Settlements, Trusts. Limitations, Leases, and other Incumbrances, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, partitioned and taken in Exchange for the fame, were subject and liable unto or chargeable with, at or immediately before the Time or Times of making such several and respective Partitions and Exchanges thereof respectively:

Provided always, That no such Exchange shall extend to affect the Nature of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held by Copy of Court Roll, or being of Copyhold or Customary Tenure, unless the Lords or Owners of the respective Manors whereof the same are so holden shall be privy and consenting to the Exchanges so made, to be testified by their being made Parties to, and executing the Deeds and Writings for making such Exchanges respectively.

XCVI. Provided a!so, That no Exchange shall be made by the Rectors of TattnbiU and Yoxall, and the Vicars of Hanbury and Tutbury, or any Land. to be of them, without the Consent of the Lord Bishop of Liitfield and Coventry for the Time being: Provided likewise. That no Exchange shall OI the Bishop be made of any Lands held in Right of any Church or Chapel, with- LUbfitU. out the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, and of the Patron of such Church or Chapel, to be signified by Writing under their Hands respectively.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Freeholders, Allotments to Copyholders, and other Persons entitled to any such Allotment or Al- be»ccePted-lotments as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby severally required to accept his, her, and their respective Allotments, within such Time as shall be limited by the said Commissioners, by any general or special Notice or Order to be given or made by them for that Purpose; and in case no such general or special Notice or Order shall be given or made, then the said Persons shall accept their said Allotments, within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said final Award, and Notice given thereof by Advertisement in Tie London Gazette, and by being affixed on the Principal Door of each of the several Parish Churches of ‘Tutbury, Hanbury, Yoxall, Tatenbill, Hamfjlall-Ridviare, Rollefion, and Scrofton aforesaid, for that Purpose, under the Hands of the said Commissioners and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to accept his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments within the Time before mentioned, such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall be totally excluded from having or receiving any Benefit or Advantage from any Estate, Interest, or Right of Common of Pasture, of, in, or to, any of the Lands or Grounds assigned or allotted to any other Person or Persons by virtue of this Act.

XCVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Guardians, Guardnnt, Husbands, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any Person or Persons being a Minor or Minors under Coverture, or beyond the Seas, or other- "ons under*' wife incapable by Law to accept his, her, or their Allotment or Allot- any DisabiUty. nrfents so to be made as aforesaid, shall be, and is and are hereby enabled and required to^acccpt thereof for the Use of the Person or Persons under any of the Disabilities aforesaid, or otherwise incapacitated; and every such Acceptance respectively shall be and is hereby declared to be as [Loc. (3 Per.~\ 11 M valid

966

Without Prejudice to disabled Persons and others who shall accept in a limited Time,

This Act not to affect any Will or Set-tiement.

Allotments for Copyhold Estates to be held in Fee Simple.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

valid and effectual, as if the Person or Persons to whom the said Allotments shall be made respectively, was or were capable of acting for himself, herself, or themselves; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XCIX. Provided also, That the Non-claim or Non-acceptance of any Guardian, Husband, Trustee, Committee, or Attorney, shall not exclude or prejudice the Claim or Acceptance of any Infant, Feme Covert, or any other Person under such Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, who shall claim or accept within One Year next after such Disability or Incapacity shall be removed, or of any Person or Persons entitled as Heir, or in Remainder or Reversion, after the Death of any Person or Persons dying under such Disability or Incapacity, who shall claim or accept within One Year after his, her, or their Right, Title, or Interest, shall have descended, veiled, or accrued, or be known so to have done.

C. Provided also, and be it enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained, so far as the fame relates to or concerns the Allotments of the said Freeholders and Copyholders, shall extend, or be construed, adjudged, deemed, or taken, to revoke, make void, annul, or affed, any Settlement, Deed, Will, or Lease whatsoever, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Rent Service, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance, in, out of, upon, or affecting the said Allotments, or any Part or Parcel thereof; but that the several Allotments so to be assigned and allotted upon such Division and Inclosure thereof to the several Proprietors respectively, shall immediately after such Allotments shall be made and set out, be, remain, and enure, and be held and enjoyed, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be assigned and allotted as aforesaid shall from thenceforth Rand and be seised and possessed thereof respectively, to such and the same Uses, and to and for such and the fame Estates, and with such and the fame Powers and Authorities, for making Leases and otherwise, and subject to the fame Wilis, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Trusts, Provisoes, Remainders, Reversions, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, (save and except Right of Common, under any subsisting Lease or Leaks, and the Allotments to be made in lieu thereof, and also save and except as to the Tcnureof such Allotments as shall be set out and assigned in respect of any Costomary or Copyhold Estate), as the several Messuages, Dwelling Houses, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect or in lieu whereof such Allotments were made to them respectively, were and flood severally limited or subject, and liable unto at the Time of making such Allotments respectively.

Cl. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in aligning and setting out all and every the Allotments of Lands and Trees within the said Forest or Chase, for and in respect of Houses, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, held by Copy of Court Roll, or being of Copyhold or Customary Tenure, apportion and set out the fame Allotments unto and between the several and respective Lords or Owners of the several and respective Manors, whereef the said Copyhold and Customary Premises are holden, and the respective Copyhold or Customary Tenants thereof, in due and just Proportions,

967

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

tions, according to their respetflive Rights and Inrerefts, in such Sort,

Manner, and Form, as that the said respective Lords or Owners of Manors may have and receive out of the said Allotments such reasonable Benefit as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be tantamount to the casualand incidental Advantages and Emoluments which would arise and happen to the said respective Lords or Owners of the said Manors from the said Allotments, in case the fame had been or were to be annexed unto the said Copyhold or Customary Eremites, and held of the fame Tenures respectively and in Consideration thereof all and every of the Allotments so to be assigned and set out in respect of any Copyhold or Customary MdTuages, Houses, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within all and every of the said Towns, shall be held and enjoyed by the several and respective Copyhold and Customary Tenants, their Heirs and Assigns, severally and respectively, for ever, in Fee Simple, freed and discharged of and from all and all Manner of Fines, Rents, Services,

Heriots, and Reliefs, and other customary Dues and Payments whatsoever, to the Lords or Owners of the said Manors, but subject nevertheless tJ

to all such Entails, Wills, Trufis, Uses, Settlements, Mortgages, and brances. Incumbrances, (except such as would be incidental to their Tenure as Copyhold and Customary Lands), as the several and respective Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments to which the said Allotments shall belong, are or may be subject or liable unto at the Time of executing the said final Award.

CII. And be it further enacted, That all the Allotments of Land to be made of the said Forest or Chase by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Messuages, Burgage Houses, or Lands held by Lease or Leases at Rack Rent, or for which Leases no Fines are expressed thereon to have been paid to the Grantors or Lessors as the Considerations for the fame, shall be allotted to and held by the several Owners and Proprietors of such Messuages, Burgage Houses, and Lands, freed and discharged from all Right or Claim of such respective Lessees, to, in, or upon the said Allotments, or any P-irt thereof, to be derived under or by virtue of such Leases} and in case any of such Lessees shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved thereby, and such Lessors and Lessees shall not settle the same to their mutual Satisfaction, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, on Application to them made by either Party, to take the Matters in question into their Consideration, and by their Order to make unto every such Lessee, for his, her, anti their Loss of Commonage, or other Losses, by Means of the said Division, such a fair and adequate Allowance and Compensation, either in Money to be paid down, or by way of Abatement or Reduction in the Rack Rents by such Leases reserved, as the said Commissioners shall think just and equitable.

CHI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, or Committees of the said Owners or Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, Ideots, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or being under any other Disability whatsoever, and to and for any of the said Proprietors, being Tenants in Tail, or for Life cnly, or holding by any Lease for Life or Lives, or for any Term or Number of Years, determinable on the Death or Deaths of One or more Person or Persons, by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners

Tenants for Life may charge their Allotments to pay for 1 m-provements.

Lessors to make a Compensation to Lessees by an Abatement of Real.

968

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

ers, testified in Writing under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time, to charge their respective Allotments of the said Forest or Chase, with such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act, not exceeding the Rate of Three Pounds per Acre, and for securing the Re-payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest, to grant, mortgage, lease, or demift, or otherwise subject the said Allotments, unto such Person or Persons as shall respectively advance and lend such Money, his, her, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Adigns, to or for any Term or Number of Years, so as every such Grant or Demise be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, with the Interest thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid, and so as in every such Grant or Demise which shall be made by any Person or Persons interested in or intitled to any such mortgaged Premises as aforesaid, there be contained a Covenant to pay and keep down the Interest of the said Money, thereby to be secured during his, her, or their respective Life or Lives, or during the Continuance of his, her, or their Term, Estate, and Interest in the said mortgaged Premises, in such Manner that no Person afterwards becoming possessed of such Allotments shall be subject or liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for One Year preceding the Time when the Title to such Possession shall accrue and commence, and every such Grant, Mortgage, Leaf?, or Demise of the said Allotments and Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof so to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended, notwithstanding the Want of Title in the said Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, or Committees, or in the Persons acting as such, or in any other of the Persons making the same as aforesaid, or any Settlement, Will, Trust, Use, Remainder, Limitation, or ether Impediment or Incumbrance, of or concerning the said Lands, Grounds, or Premises, or any Part or Parcel thereof then in being, or capable of taking Mortgages Effect to the contrary; and all and every such Person or Persons to whom ferred' any such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demile shall be made, or who shall for the Time being be entitled to the Money thereby to be secured, shall and may from Time to Time, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be executed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, assign or transfer the said Security or Securities,.and the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all his, her, or their Right, Title, and Interest in and to the lame, unto any Person or Persons ^homsoever, who' may again in like Manner assign the fame, and so from Time to Time as Occasion shall require} and such Mortgagees to Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Ex-Remedy to ecu tors and Administrators, and all Persons claiming under him, her, or compel Pay- them, shall and may use, take, and pursue all such Methods in Law and cipai' and in- Equity, for recovering and obtaining Possession of the Premises so to be teieit. mortgaged, demiled, gr assigned as aforesaid, in case of Non-payment

of the principal Money and Interest to be thereby secured, or any Part thereof, as is or are taken and puriued in Cases of the like Nature.

Tenants for CIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for rjfcempower- any Tenant for Life, ("except the Rectors of Banbury. Tatenbill, and YoxalL, ed to charge *6 and

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56. 969

and the Vicars of Hanbury and Tutbury aforesaid), not being fuel) under Allotment! any Lease with Rent reserved, and for any Tenant in Tail, of any Allot- by win,»/<.. ment or Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, by any Deed or Deeds in Writing, or by his or her last Will or Testament, in Writing duly executed, to charge such Allotment or Allotments, and Lands respectively, with such Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners to be paid, and which shall accordingly have been paid by such Tenant for Life or in Tail, for his or her Share or Proportion of the Expences, in conl'equence of this Act, not exceeding Three Pounds for every Acre of such Allotment or Allotments, and by such Deed or Deeds or last Will, to direct and appoint the Money so to be charged to be paid to such Person or Persons, as he, she, or they shall think proper, with Interest for the fame, to commence from the Day of the Death of such Tenant for Life or in Tail respectively.

CV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Person! may for any of the Freeholders or Copyholders interested, or to become in- r" the terested in the said Forest or Chase, or any Portion or Allotment thereof, Worrit before at any Time before the Execution of the Award herein-after directed to ,lie A",ardi be made by the said Commissioners, or at any Time afterwards, to sell and dispose of, or to complete any Contract or Contracts for Sale, of all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Property which he, she, or they now have or hath, or shall or may hereafter have, in or to any Right of Common or other Interest in and upon the said Forest or Chase, or in or to any Allotment or Allotments to be made in respect thereof, by virtue of this Act, separately from such Tenements or Eftutes in right cr respect whereof he, she, or they is or are, or shall be so entitled; and that in case of any such Sale or Contraft of Sale, previously to the Execution of the said Award, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to allot the same to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, who shall and may immediately after the Execution of such Award as aforesaid, have, hold, use, and enjoy such Allotment and Allotments, with all Privileges and Emoluments to the fame appertaining so to be laid out or allotted in lieu of the Right of Common or other Interest so by him, her, or them purchased as aforesaid, and shall and may have, use, and exercise every Ad of Owr.ership in Upon, over and to the fame, in as full, larg*-, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the former Proprietor or Vendor thereof could or might have done, in case such Sale or Sales had not been made, but subject nevertheless to the several Rules, Orders, Condition', and Restrictions, mentioned and contained in this Act.

CVI. And for the more speedily inclosing and bringing the said Forest or Proprietor*, Chafe into a State of Cultivation, be it further enacted, That it shall and "*

may be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall find it convenient commission. and expedient so to do, before the Rights and Interests of each and every e. nay in the Parties interested are fully ascertained, to set out and allot to any of en'tl before the said Freeholders and Copyholders such Plots and Parcels of the »utheAilot-Land, to be assigned to the said Freeholders and Copyholders, as they lukedout shall think proper, and by Writing under their Hands to empower such paying > Rent Freeholders and Copyholders respectively to fence and occupy the same Time. in Severalty, paying such annual Rents in respect thereof, until the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners allotting the fame, or [Lw. fs? Per.] 11 N until

97° 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

until the Whole of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act shall be ascertained or flaked out, as the said Comryiissioners shall fix and appoint; such Rents to be applied by the said Commifli.mers towards the Payment of the Expences of making the publick Roads by virtue of this Act, and to be recovered from the said Freeholders and Copyholders in the same Manner as the Expences to be paid by the said Freeholders and Copyholders are hereby directed to be recovered in the Event of the Insufficiency of the Fund to be paid to the said Commissioners on Account of Timber as aforesaid; and m case the F'enc's of any such Plots or Parcels of Land shall be wilfully injured or destroyed, or any wilful Trespass shall be committed on the said Plots or Parcels of Land, the Person or Persons offending therein shall be deemed a wilful Trtrfpasser or Tref-patters, and be liable to Damages and Treble Costs of Suit, in respect thereof, to the Party or Parties injured thereby.

Commissionu tr% to make their fin*! Award.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the said Commissioners shall have completed and fimshed the Division and Allotments of the said Freeholders and Copyholders Share and Proportion of the said Forest or Chase, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, they the said Commissioners shall form and draw up, or cause to be formed and drawn up, an Award or Instrument in Writing, to be called The Final Amud, which shall express, specify, and let forth the Quantity and Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches, contained in each and every specifick Parcel or Allotment of Land assigned, set out, and allotted to each and every of the Parties entitled unto and interested therein, and also a full Account of the Exchanges which shall have been made or agreed to be made by virtue of this Act, and the Quantities and Con. tents thereof, and a clear Description, either in Words or by way of Map or Plan, with proper References thereto, (which shall be deemed Part of the said Award), of the Situation, Buttals, and Boundaries of the fame Parcels and Allotments respectively, and of all publick and private Roads, Ways, Paths, Drains, and Sewers, by them set out, through, and over the fame, and proper Orders and Directions for fencing and mounding the said Allotments, and for keeping the said Mounds and Fences in Repair, and also for maintaining and repairing all such publick and private Roads, Ways, Paths, Drains, Sewers, Watercourses, and Passages, in, through, and over the said Forest or Chase, as ore noc hereia-before directed to be annexed unto, or deemed Part of the said new District, and shall thereby also set forth and direct how much, and what particular Parts of the Lid publick Roads, Highways, common Sewers, and common Drains thall belong unto and be maintained and repaired by the Inhabitants of every of the said several and respective Towns, and thereby set forth all such other Matters and Things whatsoever as are in and by this Act directed to be set forth, declared, or inferred in the said final Award, and thereby give and make all such further Orders, Regulations, and Determinations, not herein expressly directed, which the said Commissioners shall think necessary or proper to be inserted therein, respecting or concerning the said Division, Inclosure, and Exchanges, and the several Powers and Trusts by this Act reposed in them, according to the Tenor or Purporc and true Meaning thereof, so far as the fame relate to and concern the Freeholders and Copyholders Allotment of the said Forest or Chase, and such Exchanges, and the Roads, Ways, Paths, Drains, Sewer*,

4I°GEORGII III. Cap. 56. 971

and Fences aforesaid; which fa;d finrfl Award or tnlbumrnr ffi .11 be f.irly Tb? enrolled ingrossed or written on Parchment, and signed and baled by the Paid Com- Dathy missioners, and shall, withinThreeCalendar Months next after the fame Hull be so signed andfealed as aforesaid, be inrolled in the Office of the Clerk of the Council of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster 1 and alter the Inrolment 3nd to be filed thereof, the Paid original Award or Instrument shall be deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Stafford, to the End recourse

may be had to the fame by any Person or Persons interested therein, for the inspection and Perusal whereof, the Sum of One Shilling ffiail be paid and no more, and a Copy of the said final Award, or of the Inrolment thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, be admitted and allowed in all Courts wliar-soever as legal Evidence; which Copy the Clerk of the Council of the Cnpin to be

Duchy of Lancaster, and the said Clerk of the Peace, or their respective E'"*cilce-

Deputies for the Time being, are hereby severally and respectively required to make and deliver unto any Person or Persons requiring the fame, upon Payment of the accustomed Fees allowed to be taken for Copies of Records made in the said respective Offices, and no more; and the said Award or Instrument so to be executed, or the Inrolment thereof as aforesaid, ffiail be, and is hereby declared to be binding and conclusive (except as herein-after provided) unto and upon all and every of the Parties interested therein; and that the said Commissioners shall annex unto the said final Award, for safe Custody, the Survey, and Terrier, ’ of the said several Townships, and the Maps or Plans thereof, herein-before directed to be made by the said Surveyors, and to be by them

delivered to the said Commissioners; but such Terrier and Survey, Maps or Plans thereof, ffiail not be deemed Part of the said final Award, nor be inrolled therewith.

CVIII. Provided also.That the said final Award ffiail beread and executed by final Award the Commissioners in the Presence of the Proprietors at a special General *° i>e reaJ Meeting called for that Purpose, of which Ten Days Notice at lead: u,e pretence" ffiail be given in the Birmingham Gazette, and that such Award ffiail be of Proprietors, proclaimed the next Sunday in the several Parish Churches of Hanbury,

Tutbury, 'Tateiihill, Tonal/, Hampstall-Ridware, Rollcston, and Scropton, p.irish from the Time of which Proclamation such Award shall be considered as C1,urches-complete.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after such Timeor Times when the as the said Commissioners shall direct, by Writing under their Hands, to Right of be affixed on the principal Door of the several Parish Churches of Hanbury, °n

Tutbury, Tatenbiil, Tor.all, HampftaU-Ritkvare, Rolleston, and Scropton, holders Aiiot-and to be published in the London Gazette, and some Newl'paperor Nev/f- " to papers usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Forest or Chase, \ all Right of Common of Pasture, Turbary, and Eftovers of the said Freeholders and Copyholders, and all other Persons, , in and upon the Portion or Allotment of the said Forest or Chase by this Act directed to be let out and assigned unto the said Freeholders and Copyholders, shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

CX. And be it further enacted, That when and fofoon as the said Com- commission-missioners shall have in their Hands any Monies made applicable to the trs *? mske Payment of the Expences thereof, they shall forthwith make, or cause 00

be

972 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

be made, all such or such Parts of the publick Roads and Highways, Common Sewers and Common Drains within and over the said Forest or Chase, as are not by this Act directed to be made at the Expmce of the King’s Majesty, and shall pay the Charges thereof out of the Fund and in the Manner herein-after directed; and that the said Roads, Highways, Sewers, and Drains, which the said Commissioners shall (o make or cause to be made, shall for ever afterwardsbe maintained and kept in Repair by the toketpTh,!^5 Inhabitants of the said several and respective Townships (the said new Drl-in Repair. trift only excepted), in just Shares and Proportions to be ascertained and set forth in and by the said Commissioners final Award, and in such Sort and Manner as other publick Roads, Sewers, and Drains are or ought to be maintained and repaired, within the said respective Townships.

Application of CXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies herein-before the Monies directed to be paid by the Receiver General of the Duchy of Lancaster pahTTo the* >nt0 t*1c Hands of the said Commissioners, for the Use of the several Lommission. Freeholders and Copyholders in Manner aforesaid, shall be made a Fund, e'5- and applied and appropriated by them in or towards Payment and Dif-

charge of all the Costs and Expences of the said Commissioners and Surveyors, and other Persons by them employed in the surveying the said several Townships, and in planning, measuring, valuing, dividing, alloting, and setting out the Allotment of the said Freeholders and Copy-holders, and of making the several publick Roads, Ways, Sewers, and Drains by this Act directed to be made by the said Commissioners, and ol preparing and inrolling the final Award of the said Commissioners, and 11 the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the Execution of the several ocher Powers and Tsofts by this Act vested or repoled in the said Commissioners subsequentto the Execution of the said first Award, so far as the fane relate Surplus to be to or concern the Allotment of the said Freeholders and Copyholders; and paid to the jn case the said Fund shall be more than sufficient for the Purposes afore-Propne.pis. then anc] ;n such Case the said Commissioners shall divide and appor-

tion the Surplus unto and amongst the said respective Freeholders and Copyholders, in a due and just Proportion, according to the Value of the specifickShare and Allotment of Land of each respective Freeholder and Copy-holder entitled to the immediate Possession of such respective Allotments respectively, to be applied in Manner herein-after mentioned; but in case the said Fund shall be insufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, then the Deficiency thereof shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said several Freeholder* and Copyholders interested in the said final Award, in Proportion to the real Value of their respective Allotments and the Benefits arising therefrom, to be settled, adjusted, and ascertained by the said Commissioners, and paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall for that Purpose nominate, direct, and appoint; and in case any of the Persons aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their respective Shares or Proportions of such Charges and Expences within the Time to be limited by the said Commissioners unto such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint to receive the same, then the said Commissioners shall and may, by Warrant or "Warrants under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Constable or other Peace Officer, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or rcfufuig to pay the same, or of the Goods and Chattels which shall be found upon his, her, or their respective Allotment or Allotments, rendering the *7 Surplus

973

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Surplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of taking and making such Distress and Sale, or otherwise it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to enter into and upon the Premises so to be allotted to such Person or Persons refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, and to receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof until thereby or therewith the Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions of the said Costs and Charges so directed, awarded, and appointed by the said Commissioners to be paid by any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and also all Costs, Charges, and Expences occasioned by or attending such Entry upon and Perception of the Rents and Profics of the Premises, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and Commission-they are hereby required to account, as well for all Monies which by vir- "‘h°thTeUru^ tue of this Act shall come to their Hands, as for all Monies which they pri, for«. shall afiefs upon the said Freeholders and Copyholders, and lay out by virtue of this Act, which Account shall be by them dated and set forth in their said final Award, or in some Schedule to be annexed to the fame, and shall express and particularize in a Debtor Column or Side, all Sums of Money received by them, and of whom, by Name, and on what Account, and also the Names of the several Persons whom they shall foafless, with the Sums so assessed on, or to be paid by them respectively, and on what Account or for what Purpose; and in a Creditor Column or Side, an Account of the Application of all Monies so received, assessed, ra ted, paid, or retained by the said Commissioners and Surveyors, and on what Account and for what Purposes respectively; and to which Account shall be also annexed the several Bills of the said Commissioners and Surveyors, for executing so much of the Powers and Trulls reposed or vested in them by this Act as relate to or concern the said Allotment of the said Freeholders and Copyholders, subsequent to the Execution of the said First Award, and that the Charge of the said Surveyor for making the Survey and Plan of so much of the said Townships as shall be a<flually admea-sured and surveyed, and all Expences, shall not exceed the Rate or Price of Eight-pence per Acre, exclusive of Labourer’s Wages and Attendances on the Commissioners, aVid that the Charge for flaking out the Allotments of the said Freeholders and Copyholders, and laying the fame down on the said Map or Plan to be annexed to the said final Award, and for preparing such Map or Plan, shall not exceed the Rate or Price of Three-pence per Acre, over and beftdes the actual extraordinary Expence of the Labourers employed in cutting and making Openings and Ways through the Coverts and W’oods of the said Foreli or Chafe, and that the said Commissioners Charges for their own Time, Labour, and Expence, Ibiil not exceed the Rate ot Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence per Day.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Freeholders Remedy for or Copyholders shall tiiink themselves aggrieved by any Miner or Thing to be contained in such final Award, Account, or Bills, to be tue final made and delivered in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, then pU"rd.'"r and in such Case the Parties so dissatisfied shall and may, at their Election, e^ BiiU. have and take such Remedy, by Petition, in either of the said Courts cf Exchequer or Duchy Chamber, as is herein-before given and provided to Persons diflinisfied with any Thing contained in the said Commissioners [Lee. £s? Per.] 11 0

§74

General I)i* re'lions for enabling the CO‘»miirion-<tr» to render Justice to all Parties on the A;» ortion-ment of the young Tices.

For y:Jqjn?f and allotting thep Holly Tfiet.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Grit Award, or may take the Benefit of the general Provision or Clause of Appeal to the Court of General Quarter Sc (lion of the Peace herein-alter contained, such Pcifim' applying for any such Remedy July oblrrvirg all the Directions in such Cases provided by this Act, and applying within the Time or Times thereby limited and allowed for that Pirpole.

CXIV. And for the better enabling the said Commissi meu ro render Jof-tice to the King’s Majesty, and all other Persons, in dividing and allotting amongst them their due Shares and Proportions of the Oak Dees growing upon t e open Parts of the said Forest or Chase, bring under the Girth or Square or S x Inches, a'cording to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and that His Majesty and all Perfms interestrd therein may h ive and receive a fair and equal Benefit therefrom, either in Trc-s or in Money, according to the Value thereof, in Proportion to their several and reijpcft-ive Rights, and for prefemng as much as may be the young Sprigs of Wood standing and growing on the said Forest or Chair, umil they (had arrive at a State of Maturity , be it fu ther enarted, That wh revrr it shall so happen th^t more Oak Tees under the Dimensions lait menti >n-d Hull be Handing oianv Allotment of Land than will fall to the Share of the Person or Party entitled to such Allotment of Land, the said Commissioners fly ill set a fair P ice to be paid for the Trees so in excels on every such Allotment, and shall give a Preference and Option to the Party en» ti led to the said Land, to purchase such Trees in excels at the Price so set thereon, and the Receipt of the said Commilfimers for the Money to be paid to them for t e lame shall be a lull and sufficient Dischargetoevery such Pur, haler: But in case any Person to whom such Preference shall be given shall not, within a reasonable Time to be limited and appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, bendJiie pay to them the Sum or P,i e so set on the said Trtcs in excess, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall be at Liberty, at their Option, cither to aTign the fame Handing unto such other Persons as shall not have upon their AlLtnents of Land their due Share and Proportion of the said Oak Trees under the D mentions aforesaid, and allow unto such Persons a reasonable Time for felling and removing the fame, or to cut down and deliver the said Trees in excess unto the Persons so entitled, or to fell and difpnlc thereof and that they the said Commissioners shall pay and distri-bu'e all the Monies to adle by such several Sales, as soon after it shall come to their Hands as conveniently may be, in just and fair Propor. lions, unto and amongst such of the said Proptietors of Land in the said Forest or Cha'e, as shall not have had their due Share and Proportion of the said Oak Trees sfli^ned or delivered to them, so that every Proprietor of Land to be allotted and let out under the Authority of this Act may have and receive in Oak Trees, or in Money, an equal and impartial Benefit, in Proportion to their respective Rights.

CXV. Ami whereas there are (landing and growing upon some of the open Farts of the said Forest or Chase, great Numbers of Holly Trees of considerable Value, and upon some other of the said open Parts there is no Holly or other Wood growing thereon: And whereas it is bu{ reasonable and just that the several Persons to whom the several AT lotments of the said open Parts are by this Act directed to be allotted and lec out, ftiuuld have and receive a fair aid just Participation of Benefit in resprft of all such of the said Holly Trees as are of any

Value

9 75

4ift GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Value beyond the Expence of grubbing or (locking up the fame; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall themselves in Person survey and estimate, or cause to be surveyed and estimated, by such Person or Persons, upon Oath, as they shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint and authorize for that Purpose, all such Holly Trees (landing and growing upon the open Parts of the said Forest or Chase, as shall be deemed of any Worth or Value beyond the Expence of grubbing or (locking up the fame; and that in fi tting out and adigning the several Allotments of the said Forrft or Chafe, unto and amongst the King’s Majesty and the said several Rectors and Vicars, and the said Freeholders and Copy-holders, the said Commissioners shall make and allow unto every of them a fair and just Participation of the said Holly Trees, according to their several and respective Shares and Proportions of the said Forest or Chase, (that is to say), unto the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, after the Kate of Four Parts in Ten in Value of all the said Holly Trees; to the said Rector and Vicar of Tutlury, in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall appoint, One tenth Part in Value of the said Holly Trees in the open Parts of Tutbury Ward; to the Rtftor and Vicar of Hanbury, in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall appoint, One tenth Part in Va? lue of the said Holly Trees in the open Parts of Marchington Ward , to the Reflorof Toxall One tenth PartinValue of the said Holly Trees in the open Parts of Toxall Ward , to the Rector of Tattnhill One tenth Part in Value of the said Holly Trees in Barton Ward; and to the said Freeholders and Copyholders, according to their several and respective Rights, after the Rate, in the Gross, of Five Parts in Ten in Value of all the said Holly Trees (landing on the open Parts of the said Forest or Chase.

CXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That wherever it shall so happen that more Holly Trees shall be growing on any Allotment of Land than will fall to the Share of the King’s Majesty, or any other Person or Persons entitled to such Allotment, the said Commissioners shall, and are hereby required, in respect of the said Holly Trees so in excess, to proceed in like Manner and Form, and shall have and take all such and the fame Powers, Ways, and Means, and the several Persons entitled to such Allotments of Land shall have and be entitled to all such and the like Privileges and Benefits, and be subje(l to all such Orders and Directions of the la’d Commissioners, as are herein-before veiled, granted, given, or provided in rel'pefl of Oak Trees under Six Inches Square in excess, (landing upon any of the said Allotments, to the End and Intent the said Holly Trees, or the Value thereof, may be in all Respects divided in the Shares and Proportions aforesaid, as the said Oak Trees are under the Authority of this Act directed to be divided and apportioned: Provided always, That in setting the Price or Value of the said Holly Trees, due Regard shall be had, and Allowance made and deducted, for the necessary Expences of grubbing or (locking up the fame, and that no Value shall be set on such Holly Trees as are not, in the Judgement of the Persons who shall furvev1 and estimate the fame, worth more than the Cods of grubbing or (locking up respectively; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXVII. And be it further enacted.That wherever any Compensation shall be made in Money to any of the said Proprietors, in lieu of their Share of the small Oak-Trees, or of the said Holly Trees as aforesaid, the fame

shall

Like Cora-

penl'ations

may be made in Money tof Hollysas for the young Oaks.

Compen. fart, m in Money for Trees to be-

976

long to the immediate Owner* of the Allotments.

Directing the Application of Fui chafe Money exceed ng Two Hundred Pound*.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

(halt be paid unto the respective Proprietors, entitled to the respective At* lotments of Land, in virtue whereof they shall be entitled to receive such Compensation for their Ule and Benefit.

CXVUL And be it further enacted, That in case any Oak or Holly Trees shall be (landing on any Land allotted to any Corporation, Truttc , or Feoffees, or other l’ersons under any Disability or Incapacity, then such Trees shall be (old by or under the Direction of the said Commiliioiurs, and shall be taken away within such Time as they shall appoint, and the Money anfing from such Sale, and also the Allowance or Compensation to be made by virtue of this Act to the former Owners of any such frees, which shall be ordered to be left as aforesaid, and also the Surplus Monies herein-before directed to be paid to the federal Proprietors as herein-before mentioned, (which Owners or Proprietors shall be a Corporation, or Trustees, Feoffees, or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid), shall, tn case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be inverted in the Purchascof Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled upon and subject to the like Uses, Trulls, and Limitations as the Lands, in relptd of which such Trees shall be assigned or Monies paid were settled, limited, or allured; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase can be made, such Money shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be plated to his Account there ex parte the said Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Courr, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to such Trees, or Monies, either in or towards the Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debts or Incumbrances assessing the Lands or Hereditaments in Right whereof such Trees shall be allotted or Surplus Monies paid, or until the fame shall, upon the like Application in a luminary Way, be laid out by Order of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses; and in the mean Time and until such Order can be made, such Money may, by Order of the said Court, be laid out in fame of the publick Funds, or on Government or Rea! Securities, and the Dividends or Interest arising therefrom shall, by Order of the said Court, be paid to such Person or Persons as would for the Time being be entitled to the Kents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and in case the Lid Commissioners shall find any Difficulty in oh. taining such Purchase in Lands or Hereditaments, which may be equal in Value to such Sum, amounting to Two hundred Pounds s» herein-before dirt £Ld to be paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or which Purchase may be disadvantageous in other Rel'pests, they the said Commission. «rs shall apply such Sum of Money towards defraying the Expences of passing" and executing this Act, or inclosing and dividing the Lands to be allotted in pursuance hereof, so far as the Proportion of the Party enti-tied thertto shall amount to; and if there shall be any Surplus of the said Sum of Two hundred Pounds, then and in such Case such Surplus shall and may be applied in Diminution of the Sum allowed to be charged upon such Eftaic after such Application as aforesaid.

CSIX. Provided

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

977

CXIX. Provided always.and be it further enacted, That if any such Money fretting the shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum FurcIwie'Mo-of Twenty Pounds, then and in such Case the fame shall, at the O, tion of the nev not ex-Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the d"ed ‘ Lands Trees, or Hereditaments so allotted, or of his, her, or their Guardian Pounds, nor or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, twenty to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Pounds. Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the fair! Commissioners, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and appioving Parties), in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner hrrem-before directed, lo far as the Cale may be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

CXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money shall Dirtfling the be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in such Case the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for thtj Time being have M mey under . been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Trees, or Hereditaments lo/* so allotte 1 in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit, or in tafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

CXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for For (tiffliarg-the several and respective Proprietors, Rectors, and Vicars of the several J."ff, fr"‘m and respective Parishes of Tut bury, Hanbwy, Yoxall, T.atenbill, Hampstall- the Piymenc Ridvoare, Rolleflon, and Scropton, for the Time being, and their several of Tythes. and respective Successors, from Time to Tirpe to compound and agree with any of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in their respective Parishes, for discharging all or any of such Lands and Tenements from the Payment of Tythes, and of all Modules and Compositions in lieu thereof, and to accept in Lieu and Satisfaction thereof any Land or Ground of equal or greater Value within the said Forest or Chase, or within any of the said Parishes, or such other competent annual Compensation for the same as shall be settled and agreed upon between the said Parties for that Purpose; all which Agreement* being reduced into Writing, and duly signed, feaied, and executed by the respective Parties thereto, and being inrolled in His Majesty's CourC of Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, shall be for ever thereafter legal, valid, and effectual for the Purposes aforesaid, to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any Infancy, Coverture, Lunacy, or other Disability whatsoever, and that such Inrolment, or a Copy thereof, shall be a sufficient Evidence of; such Agreement in all Courts of Law and Equity.

CXXII. Provided always, andbeitenaft;d, That no such Aoreement to be Agreement to made for discharging, or which may in anywii'e affect any Tythes appertain- J^Kfho ing to the Rectors of Yoxall, Tatenbill, Hampstall-Ridware, and Rolleston, of lutfuu [LfC. ftf /Vr.J 11 P anJ and Cmtntrj,

978

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

and the Vicars of Tutbury, Hanbury, and Scropton, or any of them, shall be available for discharging such Tythes, nor shall in anywil'e affect the lame; unless such Agreement and Agreements shall be approved by the Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry for the Time being, telbfied by his being made a Party thereto, and duly sealing and executing the fame , any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

»nd ftt forth CXXIII. Provided all'o, and be it further enacted, That in case any such

in 1 he final Agreement or Agreements as aforesaid shall be duly executed before the

Award. fold Commissioners shall have made their laid final Award, and it shall be thereby agreed that any Lands within the said Forest or Chase shall be given or annexed to any of the saki Redories or Vicarages, in lieu and discharge of any Tythes thereto belonging, and any of the Parties thereto shall be desirous of having the fame recognized and let forth in and by the said final Award, and shall deliver such Agreement to the said Commissioners for that Purpose, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to (face and set forth, in and by their said final Award, the Dates and Contents of every such Agreement, and particularly to describe and set forth the Names of the Parties thereto, and an Account as well of the particular Lands thereby discharged from Tythes, as of the Lands given or assigned in lieu and discharge thereof; and in every such Case the said final Award, or a Copy thereof, shall be for ever thereafter deemed and taken as sufficient Evidence of every such Agreement, although such Agreement shall not be inrolled in the Manner herein-before directed i any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

No to CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall graze S&T llie or keep, or permit any Horses, Cows, or other Bc..fts, Sheep, or Lambs, to stray in or over any Roads, Lanes, or Passages, on either Side wh< reis any newFences shall be made under the Authority of this Att, for the Space of Seven Years next afetr the Flxecution of the said Award, una-r any Penalty, not less than Five Shillings, nor exceeding Twenty Shillings for every such Horse, Cow, or other Bead; nor less than Two Shillings and Sixpence, nor exceeding Five Shillings, for every Sheep or Lamb, to be set and imposed at the Dil’cretion of the Justice or Justices before whom the Complaint or Information for the same shall be made or brought; and which Penalties shall be paid to the Person or Persons injured, or liable to be injured thereby, and shall be recovered by Application and C implaint to One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and f r the said County of Stafford, not interested in the said Lands and Grounds, who is and are hereby required to summon the Parties concerned, and examine into the Fads by proper Witnesses on Oath, and after fu h Summons and F.xamination he or they may, if lie or they shall f-e cause, order the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons to whom such Beads, Sheep, or Lambs shall belong, or through whose Means or Procurement, Default or Neglect, the Caule of the Complaint shall arise, rendering the Surplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of taking and making such Distress and Sale.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That noSheepor Lambslhall be kep' in any new Inclosures to be made and held in Severalty, under the Autl o-rity of this Act, during the Space of Seven Years, to be computed ns to the Allotments of His Majesty, and the Owners of Tythes, from the Date of the Commissioners First Award; and as to the Kcfidue of the said Forest or Cdafe, from the Date of the Commissioners final Award, or from any earlier Time which the said Commissioners shall by any Order in Writing direct, unless the Persons keeping such Sheep or Lambs shall first, at their own Expence, make such additional Fences intirely throughout the Inclosure where such Sheep or Lambs shall be kept, as not only toprevenc any Damage being done to their Neighbours Quicksets by such Sheep of Lambs, but also effectually to prevent any of such Sheep or Lambs from straying therefrom upon the adjoining Lands or Roads, on Penalty of paying Treble Damages and Costs to the Person and Persons who shall be damnified thereby, to be recovered by Suitor Action in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law, together with Double Costs of Suit.

CXXVI. And, for the better Protection of the Trees, Woods, Underwoods, and Covert, growing, or which may hereafter grow, in or upon the said Forest or Chase, as well before as after the same shall be divided by Fences into the several Allotm nrs by this Act directrd, be it further enacted, That all PerfoDS whatlorver who shall unlawfully cut down, split, bark, peel, damage, deface, destroy, injure, or carry away any Timber Tree, or other Tree, Woods, or Underwood, or any Fern, Furze, or other Covert within the said Forest or Chase, before the Fences by this Act directed to be made at His Majesty's Expence shall be completed, shall be subject and liable to all such Pains, Penalties, and Punishments as such Offenders are or would have been subject or liable to in cale this Act had not been made; and in case any such Offence or Offences shall be committed after the said Fences shall be completed, every such Offender or Offenders shall be subject and liable to all such Suits, Actions, Damages, Pains, Penalties, and Punishments, as are provided by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, to be brought, given, imposed, or inflicted upon any Person or Persons for committing the like Offence or Offences in the inclosed Lands, Grounds, Woods, or Coppices, being the Property of His Majesty, or any of His Subjects.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall, within the Space of Ten Years, to be computed from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, wilfully and unlawfully break down, destroy, carry away, or damage, any Gate, Stile, Port, Rail, or other Fence, to be put up or placed under the Authority of this Act, or by virtue of’&ny Order or Authority of the said Commissioners, for the fencing or convenient feeding or occupying of any Lands within the said Forest or Chate, whether it be before or after the Execution of ckher of the said Awards hereby directed to be made and executed by them, every PerLn so offending, and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace in Manner htrein-after directed, shall forfeit and pay for the hrlt Offence whereof he or she shall be foconviftetl, any Pen liy not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds nor leis than Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Justice, over and besides the Costs of Convictiun, and One Moiety of every such Penalty shall be paid to the Owner of the Gates, Stiles, Ports, Rails, or Fence so broken, destroyed, or carried

away,

979

That no Si'et-p or Lambs shall he kept 011 the new Indo^ lures, except under certain Hell rid ions.'

For protecting the Trees ami Woods.

Forprotetfling the Fences.

980

For Recovery of Penalties.

Convictions not to be qc alh d for Want of Form.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

away, whether such Owner be the Informer or not; and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Overseer of the Poor of the Township or Place within which the Offence shall be committed, for the Use of the Poor thereof; and in case any such Penalties shall be recovered befote the said Commissioners shall have settled and ascertained the Allotments of the said respective l'ownships, then and in every such Case the said Moiety thereof shall be paid and disposed of unto and for the Use of such poor Persons as the said Justices shall diretft; and in case any Person or Persons so convicted shall again commit a like Offence, whereof he, she, or they shall have been so convicted, within the aforesaid Space of Ten Yeats, every such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and on Indidtmcni and Conviction for the fame, shall be transported to such Place as His Majesty in Council shall direct, for the Term of Seven Years; and from and after the Expiration of the aforesaid Term of Ten Years, all Persons guilty of any Breach of Fences in the said Forest or Chase, or the District or Districts thereof, shall be subject to such Pains and Penalties as by Law are in such Cases provided.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted.That all the Penalties by this Act inflicted or directed to be inflicted, or which shall be set or imposed by any Ruleor Order to be made under the Authority of this Act, shall be recoverable before One or morejustice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Stafford, not interested in the Premises, on the Confection of the Offender, or on Proof of the Offence, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and that the Evidence of any credible Person, either for or against the Party accused, shall be competent, although such Witness or Witness’es shall be an Inhabitant of the Parish, Township, District, or Place within which the Offence shall have been committed, or charged so to be; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices upon Information and Complaint, upon Oath made belore him or them that any such Offence hath been committed, to cause the Offender and Offenders to be apprehended and brought befote him or them, to be dealt with according to Law; and in case on Conviction any such Offender shall not immediately pay down the Penalty and Cods, or find Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices for the Payment thereof at a future Day, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to cause the same to be forthwith levied on the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Sea), or Hands and Seals, or it shall be lawful fur such Justice or Justices, at his or their Discretion, to commit every such Offender to some common Gaol within the said County, there to be kept for any Space of Time such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until such Time as the said Penalty and Colts shall be paid.

CXXIX And, inorder topreventthequalhing of ConvictionsofOffenders against this Act for want of Form, be it further enacted, That the Conviction and Convictions of all and every Offenders against this Act shall be certified by the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whomchcfame shall be made, to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Stafford-, and that every such Conviction shall be fairly written on Parchment or Paper, in the following Words, as the Case fhai) happen, or in any other Fot m of Words to the like Effect; (that is to say),

Be

11

41° GEORGII III. Cap. s 6. 9$i

UnJorifLlrt) ‘ dE ic remembered, That on the Day of

to wit. J ‘ in the Year

‘ A.B. was upon the Complaint of C.D. convicted before

‘ of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Staff

1 ford, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty-fird Year of the ‘ Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for dividing, allotting, and ‘ indofsng, the Forest or Chase of Needwocd, in the County of Stafford, for (statin-i the Caute of Conviction biiefly and in a few Words as he Calc ‘ shall be). Given under Hand and Seal the Day and Year

‘ above written.’

Which Paid Conviction shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed, let aside, or adjudged void or insufficient for Want of any Form of Words whatsoever, or for Want of dating, or through the mif-dating, of any Faff or Circumdance whatsoever.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall gPP"1J®r,h* think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance :>.ichyc^urti of this Act, (Cave only in such Cases where any other Redress is givm by sJiiioiu'" this Act, or the Order or Direction of any other Court, or of any Person 10 or Persons, is directed to be final), then and in every such Case the Party or Parties so aggrieved shall and may appeal, by Petition of Appeal, to the Court of Exchequer, or to the Court of Duchy Chamber, or to the Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be he.d for the County of Stafford, within Four Calendar Months next aftei the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, giving reasonable Notice of such Appeal, and of the Cause and Ground thereof; and the said several Courts are hereby authorized to hear and determine the Matter of every such Pc.ition of Appeal upon the Merits thereof, and to make such Order therein, and award such Cods, as to such Courts respectively shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Cods which shall be so awarded, by Didress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Surplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Didress and Sale; all which D<-ter» minations shall be final and conclusive against all Persons concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable, by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any other of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

CXXXI.And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Writs, and Prosecu- Liiritation of tions, commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing to be done Aai("is. under or in pursuance of this Act, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Monihs after the Fact committed, and shall be laid and tried in the County of Stafford, and not otherwise or elsewhere; and that such Persons as shall be prosecuted for any Offence against this Act, or under any Rule or Order to be made by virtue hereof in Manner aforesaid,

shall not be liable to Prosecution or Presentment for the fame Offence under any other Act of Parliament, or in any of the Courts of the Honor or Manor of Tutbury or elsewhere; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Lee. G? Per.J

ii

982 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

GeneralIffue. CXXXII. And be it furthercnacted, Thatif any Person or Persons shall be

sued or prosecuted for any Matter or Thing which he, she, or they shall, do in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for every Person so sued or prosecuted to plead the General HTue, and to give the Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same.

General CXXXVIII.Savingalwaystothe King’smost Excellent Majesty.His Htirsand

Saving. Successors, and to all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and their Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and A Aligns, all such Estate, Right, Title, Seigniory, Royalty, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, to, or within the said Forth or Chafe, which are not by this Act extinguished, vacated, destroyed, discharged, annihilated, taken away, lessened, diminished, varied, changed, or altered, as they, every, or any of them, now have or hath, qr might or could have had and enjoyed therein, in case this Act had not been made.

Puiilick Ael. CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomluever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahaeg Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 57.

An Act to enable the Corporation of The Royal Exchange Alffurance^ to allure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and other Craft employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects laden therein.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS by virtue of an A<fl of Parliament, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for better securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted, by his Majesty, by Two Charters for Assurance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, and for refraining several extravagant and unreasonable Practices therein named, his said Majesty did, by his Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing date at Westminster the Twenty-second Day of June One thousand ven hundred and twenty, incodrporate divers Persons therein named, to befe a Corporation in Deed and in Name, an to have a perpetual Succertion and a Common Seal, by the Name of The Royal Exchange Assurance for insuring Ships and Goods at Sea, or going to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry: And whereas since the granting the said Charter, a very considerable and beneficial Trade has been entered into and carried on, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by means of Canals, in which are employed Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and other Craft; and it would be a great Benefit to the Publick if the said Corporation were enabled to allure the lame, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects laden therein -, but Doubts [Loc. £5? Per.J 11 R have

Rrcital of the Ail of the 6fh Geo. I, and of the Charter dared tad June 1710, granted to the The Royal Exchange Alfurtnce for insuring Ships and Goods at Sea or going to Sea, and for lending Money on Bottomry.

Inland Navigation since tnc Chaitcr.

Doubts have amen whether the Corporation can in-

986

sure Loffci on Inland Navigation.

Corporation empowered to instire Vessels and all other Craft concerned in Inland Navigation and their Cargoes.

General Issue to be pleaded.

[Publick Act.]

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

have arisen whether the said Corporation have Power so to do; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Corporation, called The Royal Exchange d][u-ranee, and their Successors, from and after the passing of this Act, and for ever thereafter, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to allure Vdlels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and all other Craft employrd in any Inland Navigation in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects laden therein, from all and every Rilk which may arise from and during the said Navigation,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced, brought, or prosecuted again!! the said Corporation of The Royal Exchange Assurance for insuring Ships at Sea, or going to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for or concerning any AlTu-rance or Assurances hereby authorized to be made, or relating to the Powers hereby granted, the said Corporation and their Successbis may, in such Action or Suit, plead the General llfue, and give the special Matter in Evidence.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice of this Act as such, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahay, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*MM i»*HM*

Cap. 58.

An Act to enable the Corporation of The London Assurance, to assure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and other Craft employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects laden therein.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fiift, intituled, An Act for better femring certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by His Majesty, by Two Charters for Assurance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Monty upon Bottomry, and for refraining several extravagant and unreasonable Practices therein named. His laid Majesty did, by His Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the Twenty-second Day of June One thousand l'even hundred and twenty, incorporate divers Persons therein named, to be a Corporation in Deed and in Name, and to have a perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, by the Name of The London Assurance for insuring Ships and Goods at Sea, or going to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry: And whereas, since the granting the said Charier, a very considerable arid beneficial Trade has been entered into and carried on in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by Means of Canals, in which are employed Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, [_Loc. &? Per. J 11S and

Recital of 6 Geo I. and the Charter dated Junezt, 1720, granted to The London AJJ"ranee for insuring Ships and Goods at Sea, or going to Sea, and for lending Money oil Bottomry.

Inland Navigation since the charter.

990

Doubts have arisen whether the Corporation can insure Losses on InUnd Navigation.

Corporation empowered to insure Vessels and all other Craft concerned in In-and Navigation, and their Cargoe.-.

General Issue to be pleaded.

Publick Afl.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

and other Craft; and it would be a great Benefit to the Publick if the said Corporation were enabled to allure the fame, and the Goods, Mer. chandizes, and Effects laden therein; but Doubts have arilen whether the said Corporation have Power so to do; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Corporation, called The London Afurance, and their Successors, from and after the passing of this Act, and for ever thereafter, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to ashire Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and all other Craft employed in any Inland Navigation in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects laden therein, from all and every Risk which may arise from and during the said Navigation.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced, brought, or prosecuted against the said Corporation of The London Assurancefor injuring Ships at Sea, or going to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for or concerning any Assurance or Assurances hereby authorized to be made, or relating to the Powers hereby granted, the said Corporation and their Successors may, in such Action or Suit, plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice of this Act as such, without specially pleading the lame.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS-

Cap. 59.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, diverting, and improving, the Road leading from Reading in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke in the County of Southampton.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, another in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, another in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His laid Majesty, and another in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Highways horn Crown Corner in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Sbinfield and Heck-field in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Ba/tngfloke in the said County of Southampton: And whereas the said Road, under the first recited Act, was made to Sbinfield Green and no farther, and at this Distance of Time it cannot be ascertained at what Place the said Road was to communicate and join the present accustomed Road in the Parish of Heckfield, and especially as another Line of Road was immediately adopted, and began at a certain Pond called the King’s Head Pond, in the Parish of Saint Giles in Reading aforesaid, by and through a Village called Three Mile Cross, and over Two Bridges on the River Loddon in the Parish of Swallowfield in the said Counties of Berks and Wills, to or near the Seven MileStone in the said Parish of Heckfield, where it is supposed the original Line of Road was to communicate, and does now communicate: [Lee. & Per.] 11 T And

Recital of former Acts.

Road was made to Sbinfield Green,

New Road,

994- GEORGII III. Cap. 5*

®r,l,£es at And whereas the said Bridges at Swal/cwfield aforesaid are Private are^PrTvate ProPerty» and all Annual Sum has always been and dill continues to be Property. Pa>d to the Owner thereof for passing over the fame; and One of the said Bridges being incommodious and dangerous, considerable Charges will accrue to the Trustees to render the Passage over the fame fate: Road to be And whereas the Termination of the said Road in BasingHoke is very in-*’ft*n<i*d ,n convenient and dangerous, being only about Ten Feet in Width, and afixifio 1 t]le Xfuftees are desirous of purchasing certain Premises not, exceeding Fifteen Feet in Width and Forty Feet in Length, Parc of a Piece of Ground now used as Tan Pits, the Property of and in the Tenure or Occupation of Anne Mulliers Widow, immediately adjoining the said Road, in order to remove such Inconveniencies, and thereby render such Road safe for Travelling thereon, and also continue the said Road to join the Aldermaston Turnpike Road which leads through Basingstoke abouc Five Hundred Yards or thereabouts: And whereas the said Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers thereby vested in them, and have from Time to Time borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken, wh;ch cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads properly amended, improved, diverted, extended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued; and the Powers and Provisions therein being found in many Rc-spedts defective, it would be more convenient to the Trustees, and beneficial to the Roads, if the said Acts were repealed, and further and other Powers granted instead thereof; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the 1 ords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon the First Meeting of the Trustees to be holden on Monday the Twelfth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, the said several Acts herein-before mentioned shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be repealed; and that on the same Day this Act shall commence and take Effect inllead thereof, and be put in Execution, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of repairing, widening, diverting, improving, and extending the said Road from Crown Corner in the Town of Reading, to Sbinfield Green store* said, and also from the said Crown Corner by the King's Head Pond aforesaid, through Three Mile Crop, to a certain Spot in the Town of Basingstoke at the Bottom of Chapel Street, which joins the Aldermajton Turnpike Road in Ba~ fmgstoke; and this Act, and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby made subject to the Payment of all Monies which have been borrowed, or are now due and owing on the Credit of the Toils authorized to be taken by the said Acts or either of them, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Money had been borrowed or become due and owing on the Creditor on Account of this Act.

Trustees.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Honourable George Legge, commonly called Lord Viscount Lewisham, the Right Honourable Sir (Til-Ham Pitt Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, the Honourable George Pitt, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, the High Steward, Members, Recorder, and Town Clerk, of the Town of Reading for the Time being; the Mayor, High Steward, Recorder, Aldermen, Burgesses,

and

995

41° GEO. III. CV/. 59.

and Town Clerk, of Basingstoke for the Time being; Samuel Atthawes, the Reverend Awbery, George Baker, Charles Bejt, Charles Bailey, Ber-

nard Brocas, Alexander Cohham, William Chute, John Covey, William Champion, Thomas Collis, Richard Davis Clerk, John Deane of Hartley, the Reverend George Deane LL.D. John Deane, Thomas Deane, Richard Davidson, Thomas Drowatt, Timothy Hare Earle, Timothy Hare Earle Junior, the Reverend Eyre, the Reverend Joseph Eyre, Stephen Flory, Henry Finch, Peter William French, the Reverend T Fisher Doctor in Divinity, the Reverend John Greene Clerk, Robert Greene, William Granger, David Graham, Gill, William Guiott, James Hitvkes, Thomas Hajker, John Haf-ker, the Reverend William Hajker, Thomas Hajker Junior, Robert Hulbert, Robert Harris, John Harris, John Hooper, John Hooper Junior, William Halbed, William Hulme, Colonel Havjley, Herbert, James Haw-

thorne, Henry Hodgkinson Clerk, William Simmonds Higgs, the Reverend James Jones Doctor in Divinity, Archdeacon of Hereford, Daniel Jackson, John Jack/on, Richard Jeffrys, the Reverend John Tl/ley Clerk, Charles Shawe Lefevre, Edward Lane, John Lyford, Richard Lawrence, Thomas Letchworth, Sir Charles Marsh Knight, the Reverend William Marsh, Christopher Muf-grave, George Midford Doctor in Medicine, Thomas May, Charles May, Robert Maddock, John Meccb, J. B. Morton, John Man, John Neale, Thomas Newbury, John Newbury, Jacob Newbury, Thomas Nowell, James Phelp, William Par fit, William Phillips, William Phillips Junior, Thomas Ring, Thomas Robins, Richard Richards J unior, Andrews Reeve, William Romane Doctor in Divinity, Thomas Round, James Simonds, Thomas Simmonds, the Reverend Salter, Thomas Shepard Doctor in Divinity, Edward Ste-phenfon, the Reverend Charles Slurges, John Taylor Doctor in Medicine, John Toovey, Charles Toovey, Jonathan Tanner, Thomas Tanner, Samuel Tcotner, Richard Valpy Doctor in Divinity, Edward Valpy Clerk, George Voulcs, John WilmJhurst, William Williams, Thomas Edmunds Williams, William Watling-ton, Henry Willatts, Thomas Ward, John Woodard, and Maurice Workman, and their Successors to be elected as herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act into Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Trustees named in or appointed by virtue of this Act shall die or refwfe to act, it shall be lawful for the surviving Trustees, by Writing under their Hands, from Time to Time, at any General Quarterly Meeting, to nominate and appoint some other Person to be a Trustee in the Room of such Trustee so dying or refusing to act as aforesaid; and every Person so nominated and appointed, being qualified as by this Act is required, shall have the like Power and Authority to act as a Trustee under this Act, as the Person had in whole Stead he shall be appointed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Things relative to the Execution of this Act, may be done and executed by any Eive or more of the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed, or hereafter to be elected and appointed as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, whilst he shall hold any Place of Profit under the fame, nor in any particular Cafe wherein he shall be personally interested; nor shall any Person be qualified to act as a Trustee unless he shall in his own Right, or in the Right of his

n " Wife

Trustees dy-ing, or refuting to act, new Ones to be appointed.

All Acts to be done by Five

Trustees.

Qualifica-

tion.

996

Oath of Trustees.

Penalty of acting disqualified.

Mortgagee* may afi.

Trustees in the Commission of the Peace may act as Jttf. ticei.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

Wife at the Time of his ailing, be in the actual Possession or Enjoy* ment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Counties of Berks, Wilts, or Southampton, or some or One of them, of the clear Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or be Heir Apparent of some Person having such Estate of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate to the Amount of One thousand Pounds, nor (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation following,) until he shall have taken and subscribed before any Three or more of the said Trustees (who are hereby authorized to administer the same), an Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Effect following, that is to say,

I A.B. do swear (or being One of the People called Quakers do

A solemnly affirm), That I am truly, and bond fide in my own Right c (or in the Right of my Wife), in the actual Possession and Enjoy-

ment (or Receipt) of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or

Hereditaments in the Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, or

some or One of them, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds ‘ above Reprizes (or am possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate ‘ of the Value of One thousand Pounds), or am the Heir of C.D. 4 who to the best of my Knowledge is seised of Lands, Tenements, ‘ or Hereditaments in the Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, 4 or some or One of them, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds.

So help me GOD.’

And if any Person disqualified by any of the causes aforesaid, or not being qualified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plainr, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed j and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is so qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, That such Acts and Proceedings as shall have been done and performed by any such Person touching the Execution of this Act previous to his being convicted of the Offence before mentioned, shall notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VI. Provided always, That any Mortgagees, or Assignees of any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of any of the Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Interest thereout for the fame, shall not on that Account be deemed unqualified to act as a Trustee , and that such Trustees as are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, or either of them, may act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act within their respective Districts, notwithstanding their being Trustees.

I'll. And

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 5g.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the George Inn, or any other Place in Reading aforesaid, on the Twelfth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, or as soon afterwards as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Pleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, and shall afterwards hold Four General Quarterly Meetings for the Purposes of carrying this Act into Execution on the following Days and at the following Places, that is to say, on every Second Monday after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, the Twenty-ninth Day of September, and the Twenty-'fifth Day of December, in Reading aforesaid, and on the Second Monday after the Twenty-fourth Day of June in Baftngjloke, at such Time and Place as the said Trustees at their last Meeting previous to the said Second Monday after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, shall appoint; and the said Trustees shall adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and afterwards meet there, or at any other Place on or near the said Road as the said Trustees shall think proper and appoint, as often as it shall be neceflaTy for putting this Act in Execution.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees it shall at any Time be thought necessary by the said Trustees that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than that Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, the said Clerk, by an Order in Writing signed by the said Trustees, although not al-sembled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting (£b as such Extra Meeting be not less than Fourteen Days after such Notice), and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order made by any Five or more of the Trustees, shall be revoked or altered, unless Eleven Trustees at lead shall be then present, and Nine or more of them shall concur therein.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the Trustees shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk for that Purpose and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the Trustees making the same, or the major Part of them, or by their Chairman or Clerk by their Order i which laid Book or Books, and all'o the Books herein-after mentioned, and directed to be kept for registering the Mortgages and Alignments of the Tolls hereby intended to be granted, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall be deemed Originals; and the fame, or true Copies thereof, and all Entries, shall be read and admitted as Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Suits and Actions, in any Court whatsoever, touching any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, as they think proper, continue or remove all or any of the Toll Gates erected by virtue of the said former Acts, and may ered and fee up, or cause to be erected and set up, any other Toll Gate or Gates, Bar or

[Lee. Li Per.] 11U Bars,

997

First Meeting and Quarterly Meetings where to be held.

Power to adjourn.

Meetings on Emergencies.

No Order to be revolted without Nine Trustees.

Proceedings to be entered in a Book.

Continue or

remove

Gates.

998

Side Gates.

Tells.

Manner of Recovery.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

Bars, in, upon, or acr fs any Part or Parts of the said Roads, by this Act directed to be repaired, and upon the Sides thereof, and also across any Street, Lane, Common, or Way, leading into or out of the fame, except on that Part of the said Road which is to be extended to join the Aldtrmaston Turnpike Road, and may also continue, erect, or provide, a Toll House, with suitable Outbuildings and Convenicncies at or near each Toll Gate, and may from Time to Time afterwards remove, alter, or discontinue, the Toll Gates or Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall think expedient; and also may take in and inclose from the said Roads, or any Part thereof, convenient Garden Spots for each of the said Toll Houses not exceeding One Eighth Part of an Acre, as the said Trustees shall direct or appoint; and the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at each and every of such Toll Gates of the Person or Persons attending any Cattle or Carriages, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time authorize and appoint for that Purpose, before any such Cattle or Carriages shall be permitted to pass through the fame; that is to say.

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Hearse, Chaise, Calash, or other such Carriage, drawn by Six Horles, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Sixpence

For every Chaise or Chair drawn by One Horse, Mate, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by any Three Horses or Beasts of Draught the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by any Four Horses or Beasts of Draught the Sum of One Shilling

And for every Carriage loaden with One single Stick or Piece of Timber, drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draughc, the Sum of One Shilling; and for every additional Horse or, Beast of Draught the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny each

And for every Horle, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, loaden or un-ioaden, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number; and for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or Ids Number:

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken as a Toll , and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the same, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls by himself, herself, or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he, she, or they shall think necessary (and which Assistance all Persons are hereby required to give, if called upon), to seize and distrain any Horse or Horses, or other Bealls or Cattle,

, upon

999

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

Upon which such Toll is by this Act imposed, together with their Bridles,

Saddles, Geers, Harness, or Accoutrements^ or to flop, seize, and distrain, any Carriage drawn by such Horse or Horses, or other Beads or Cattle; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, shall not be paid within the Space of Six Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining shall and may fell the Horse or Horses, Cattle, or Carriage, so seized or dill rained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus (if any be), and what shall remain unfold, on Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such Seizure and Distress shall be deducted and paid -, and that all the Tolls and Monies so to be collected and levied, and the Money borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, and all other Monies arising by virtue hereof, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in such Manner as is herein mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they are Power to hereby authorized and empowered, from and after the passing of this Act, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, at any Toll Bar Bridges or Gate which they may think necessary to erect, or cause to be erected, at Siaatlmu-on either of the said Bridges at Swallowfield, or within Two Miles of field. the fame, as an additional Toll, any Part of the several and respective Tolls by this Act authorized, or allowed to be taken at any of the Toll Gates erected by virtue hereof, not exceeding One Half Part thereof-, and such last mentioned Toll shall be demanded, levied, and recovered, with the line Powers and Authorities as the other Tolls are authorized to be collected, levied and recovered, and shall be applied and disposed of, in the Manner herein-after directed: Provided nevertheless, That no such last mentioned Toll shall be payable or paid for, in respect of any Horse,

Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or Beast, going to or returning from a certain Mill called Sheepbridge Mill, near to the said Bridges, loaden with any Corn or Grift to be ground, or having been ground thereat, or returning from the said Mill, having carried such Corn or Grift thereto j or for any Waggon or Wain, Cart or other Carriage, drawn by One or more H- rfe or Beast of Draught going to the said Mill with Corn, or returning from the said Mill with Flour or Meal, or returning from having the re depofued such Corn or Grift, or going to the said Mill for the Purpose of taking up any Corn or Grift, or going from the said Mill with any such Corn, Flour, or Meal.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lamps to be Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby empowered ertiled. from Time to Time to cause Lamp Irons or Lamp Polls to be put or affixed upon the said Roads, in such Manner and Place as they shall think proper and convenient, and also to cause such Number of Lamps of such Sizes and Sorts to be provided and affixed, or put upon such Lamp Irons or Lamp Pods as they shall think proper or necessary, for lighting all or any Part of the said Roads, and to cause the said Lamps, or such of them as they shall think proper, to be properly lighted and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, take away, spoil, or damage any of the Lamps put up by virtue of this Act, or any Poll,

3 Iron,

I oooo

Exemption from Toll.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

Iron, or other Furniture thereof, or extinguish the Light or Lights within any such Lamp, it shall be lawful for any Person, who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend, and also for any other Person or Persons, to a (lift in auprehending the Offender or Offenders, by virtue of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order ro be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace of the Counties of Wilts, Berks, or Southampton; or in case such Offender or Offenders shall not be so apprehended, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice, upon Information to him exhibited, touching any such Offence, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehension of such uffender or Offenders; and when any such Offender or Offenders shall, by either of the Means aforesaid, be brought before such Justice, the said Justice shall hear and determine the Matter of such Offence, and in order thereto, shall examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Evidence touching the fame j and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Evidence as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings for each Lamp, Lamp Port, Iron, or other Furniture, so taken away, broken, thrown down, or damaged, and for every Light so extinguished as aforesaid, One Moiety of which Penalty shall go to the Informer; and such Offender or Offenders shall also make full Satisfaction to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to receive the same for the Damage so by him, her, or them done, as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, on Conviction, pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the common Gaol or Prison for the said Town, or to the common Gaol or House of Correction for either of the said Counties, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days nor less than Three Days and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Fxpiration of the Time for which he, she, or they, shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given; and if any Person or Persons shall careiessly or accidentally break, throw down, or damage, any of the said Lamps, or the Ports, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not, upon reasonable Demand, make Satisfaction to the said Trustees, or to their Surveyor, for the Damage done thereto, within Seven Days of such Demand, then and in any such Case it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, acting for either of the said Counties, upon Proof thereof made upon the Oath t.( any credible Witness, or on the Confession of the Party, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Satisfaction to the said Trustees, for such Damage, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Complaint, as such Justice shall think reasonable; and in default of Payment thereof, upon Notice of such Award or Order given to the Party, to cause the same to be levied in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls hereby granted and made payable shall be demanded or taken at any of the Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act, for any Carriage or for any Horse or other Bead drawing the fame, which shall be

1001

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

used or employed in the Carriage of any Materials for repairing and Highway or Road, or in the Carriage of any Lime, Dung, or other Manure, or in the Carriage of any Hay or Corn in the Straw or Fodder pot sold or disposed of, but to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or Yards, of the Inhabitants of the Parishes through which the said Roads lead, or for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements in Husbandry, or for any Coaches or other Carriages, or of Passengers on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election or Elections of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Berks, Wills, and Southampton, or for any Horses or Carriages carrying or convey* ing any Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other Person to or from his own Parish Church or other Place of religious Worship, on Sundays or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes aforesaid, or for any Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Cattle going to or returning from Work, in cultivating the Lands or Grounds in any such Parishes, or going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, and shall not pals upon the said Roads more than the Space of Two Miles, or for any Horses or Carriages of whatever Description, employed in conveying the Mails of Letters, or Ex-prtfles, under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame, or for the Horses of any Officers or Soldiers on their March or upon Duty, or any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any flek, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or for Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, sent with Vagrants by Paflcs; and that no other Carriage or Cattle shall be exempted from Toll, any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding,

XV. Provided always, That no Person or Persons having Occasion to

;afs the Place where the Toll is taken, and recurn the same Day before 'welve of the Clock ac Night, with the fame Horse, or Horses, Afs, Mule, or Cattle, and the fame Coach, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, shall be compelled the same Day to pay the said Tolls a Second Time, if such Person or Persons shall produce a Note or Ticket, that such Toll was paid before, or satisfy the Gate-Keeper thereof, any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall go or pass with, or ride, or drive, any Horse or Beast, or ride in or drive any Carriage through or over any Land, Ground, or Place, lying by the Side of, or near to any Part of the said Roads, or if any Person or Persons owning or occupying any such Land, Ground, or Place, (the fame not being a Publick Highway), shall knowingly or wilfully permit or suffer »ny other Person or Persons to go or pass with any Cattle or Carriage through or over such Land, Ground, or Place, in order, or with Intent thereby to evade the Payment of the Tolls by this Act granted, or any Part thereof, or whereby or by Means whereof any such Evasion shall uke Place or be effected, or if any Person shall forge, counterfeit, or [Lee. £2? Per.] n X alter.

Tolls paid Once a Day.

To prevent evading of Tolls.

1002

Diffmte* bout Tolls to be settled by* Justice.

Power to vary Toll* with Con-feot of Persons inte-r cited.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

alter, or shall deliver to or receive from any other Person or Persons, any Note or Ticker, with Intent to avoid the Payment of all or any Part of the said Tolls, or if any Person or Persons shall unload or cause to be unloaded, any Goods or Merchandizes, or shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horle or other Bealt from any Carriage, either before or after having passed through any Toll Gate; or having passed thr >ogh any Toll Gate, shall afterwards add or put any Horse or other Bead to any such Carriage, and draw therewith upon any Part of the said Roads so as to increase the Number of Horses or other Beads drawing the said Carnage after the same shall have passed through the said Toll-Gates, with Intent to avoid the Payment of any Tolls; or if any Person shall claim any of the Exemptions by this Act authorized, not being entitled thereto, or if any Person or Persons shall do any other Atf, in order ur with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, such Persons and every of them shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor lets than Twenty Shillings, to be recovered in such Manner as is herein-after mentioned and provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures, On; Moiety whereof when raised, shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as the other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be applied.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any Distress or Distresses, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person distraining to retain the fame, or the Money arising by the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of Tolls due, and Charges of seizing, distraining, keeping, and felling such Distress or Distresses shall be alcenained by some Justice of the Peace acting for the Distriift where such Disputes shall arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter on Oath of the Parties or any credible Witness or Witnesses, and determine the Quantity of the Tolls due, and assess the Charges of such Seizure, Distress, Keeping and Sale, and also of the Collector’s Attendance for that Purpose on the said Justice, all which Sums so determined or assessed shall be paid to the said Collector or other Person before he shall be obliged to return any Distress, or the Overplus Money after the Sale thereof or of any Part thereof.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees respectively, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, whereof Fourteen Days Notice shall be affixed on all the Turnpikes erected on the said Road in respect of which any Alteration is intended to be made, may and they ate hereby empowered from Time to Time to reduce all or any of the Tolls hereby granted, and to order such Tolls so reduced to be collected and received in such Manner, Parts and Proportions, as they shall think fit, so as such Reduction be with the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Three Fourths of the Money then due on the Credit of the said Tolls, and to raise the fame again, or any Part thereof, so as the fame do not exceed the respective Tolls herein-before granted; and the said Tolls so reduced and raised again respectively shall be collected, recovered and applied, in the same Manner as the Tolls herein-before granted are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 59. 1003

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all the TurnP^je said Toll Houses and other Buildings to be erected or provided by virtue House° of this Act, and of the Materials for building or altering the fame re- veiled ,n spectively, and all Materials, Tools, and other Things, which shall be Trustee*. provided, collected, or made use of, for making, repairing, or improving

the said Road, or for executing this Acr, shall be and the lame are hereby vetted in the said Trustees for the Time being; and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring Actions in the Name or Names of any One or mope of them, or of their Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, or to prefer Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who (h.dl fttal, take away, or damage any of such Toll Gates, Turnpikes,

Toll Houses or other Buildings, Materials, Tools, or other Things as aforesaid, or disturb the said Trustees, or any of their Collectors or other Officers in the Possession thereof, or any of them.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five

or more of them, shall and may, by Writing under their Hands, elect offiten. and appoint One or more fit Person or Persons, Treasurer or Treasurers,

Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and fuih Money as shall be due and

payable or received by virtue of this Act, and shall take such Security

for the due Execution of their respective Offices as the said Trustees shall think fit; and also a Surveyor or Surveyors, and all such other Officers

as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and also may remove from Time to Time all such Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Surveyors, and

other Officers, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall fee Occa-

fion; and the said Trustees shall and may, out of the Monies to be raised

by virtue of this Act, make them such Allowance as to them shall seem

proper; and all such Officers shall, when thereunto required by the said

Trustees, deliver to them a true and perfect Account of all Monies

which shall have been by them respectively collected or received, and shall verify such Account and Accounts upon Oath, ifthereunto required

by the said Trustees (which Oath any Two of the said Trustees is

hereby empowered to administer); and all Monies so received shall be

paid to such Person or Persons, and applied to such Purposes, as they

the said Trustees shall direct: And in cale any Collector* Surveyor, or R'l’'1)'

other Person shall neglect or refuse to make up such Accounts when there- ’^'ori

unto required by the said Trustees, and pay the respective Sums remain- on a Non-

ing in their Hands, such Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer, shall be Compliance,

liable to a Penalty of Five Pounds, to be recovered as after men- &c

tioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Col- Appointment lector or Receiver of the Tolls shall neglect or be incapable of perform- °{r"col-ing his Duty, or absent himself, the said Trustees, though not assembled ieaors,°and at a Meeting, shall and lawfully may discharge such Collector or Receiver; Power to re-and in case such Collector or Receiver shall die, such Trustees shall and move them, may nominate a proper Person to be Collector or Receiver until the next Meeting of the respective Trustees in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged; and the said Trustees shall and

may remove such Collector or Representaiive, or Person posseffing the

Toll House in such Manner as herein-aficr mentioned fcspecting the Farmer or Renter of the Tolls.

1004

Trustees may let Tolls.

Power to ejeil Farmers of Tolls.

Surveyors to dig Gravel.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the C*kk Trustees, at any Publick Meeting, whereof Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given in Writing affixed upon all the Toll Gates theft elected on the said Road, and inserted in I'ome Newspaper of the County of Berks, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to let ami demile, or agree to let and demise the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, upon publick Bidding, to the highest Bidder, and fur I he best Price or Prices that can be gotten for the lame, payable at such Times, and to such Person or Persons, and under such Conditions awl Agreements, and with such Sureties for the Payment thereof, as the said Trustees shall think fit; and the Money arising the reby shall he applied in such Manner as the Tolls so leased are directed to be applied j any* thing in any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who Hull be the Farmer or Renter of the Tolls by this Act authorised to be collected, shall not pay or cause to be paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer for the Time being, the Rent which he or they shall have agreed to give for the fame, within the Space of Twenty-one Days next after the several and respective Days on which the same shall become due and payable, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meet* ing, to nominate and appoint some fit Person to collect and receive the Tolls arising at the Toll Gate of which such Person shall be the Farmer or Renter until the next Meeting of the said Trustees, which Person so to be nominated and appointed shall have the like Power, and be accountable in the same Manner in all respects as if he had been appointed a Collector at a Meeting held by virtue of this Act: And if any such Farmer or Renter, or other Person who shall inhabit the fame, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of the House, Buildings and Appurte* nances, which he enjoyed in Right of his being such F'armer or Renter as aforesaid, for the Space of Ten Days nexc after Notice of such Appointment shall be given to him, or left at his House, then it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place wherein such Turnpike shall be situate, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order the Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Aftlftance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll House and Premises in the Day* time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods, out of such House and Premises, and to put the new appointed Officer into the Possession thereof-, and then and from thence* forth the Contract or Lease by which the said Tolls shall be rented or holden shall become null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been deposited in the Hands of the said Trustees or their Treasurer, for better securing the regular Payment of the said Rent, and all Interest which shall be then due thereon, shall become forfeited to the said Trustees, and be by them applied to the several Purposes of this Act.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Surveyors, and such Person and Persons as they shall appoint, to dig, take, and carry away any Gravel, Chalk, Stone or Stones, or other Materials out of any Common Waste Ground in any of the said Parishes in

2 which

1C05

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

which the said Highways or Roads do lie, and for Want of suffici nt Gravel, Chalk, Stones, or Materials there, out of the Wade or Commons of any neighbouring Parish, Town, Village, or Hamlet, without paying any Thing for the fame; and where there is not Efficient of such Materials in any Common or Waste Grounds next adjoining, to dig or gather in the several Grounds of any Person or Persons, (not being an House, Garden, Orchaid, Yard, or Meadow, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House,) where any such Materials are or may be found, and from Time to Time to carry such and so much thereof as the said Surveyors in their respective Places shall adjudge necessary for the repairing the said Highways, without paying any Thing for such Materials, save only such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of the Ground where the same shall be digged, gathered, and carried away, for the Damage which he or they shall or may thereby fudain, as shall be afleded and adjudged by the Justices of the Peace at the next Special Scdions or Monthly Meeting to be holden for the District or Division where such Materials shall be digged, gathered, and carried away, in case the said Trustees cannot adju.ft and settle the same.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall Notice pre-not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons under the vlj°aSQ°ra^1/l" Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Mate- fn"i8nclo-Ve rials for making; or repairing any of the said Roads, out of or from any Cures, inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Land Owner or his known Agent, or to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at such Occupies ul'ual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Premises shall lie, to shew cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Land Owner, Agent, or Occupier, shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or such Justice shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Person to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees or to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Land Owner, Agent, or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fir, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent had attended, and the Order of such Trustees respectively shall be final to all Parties.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at any Meet- For borrowing to be holden for that Purpose, (whereof Fourteen Days Notice shall be ing Money given in Writing affixed upon all the Toll-Gates then erected upon the said Roads,) may, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, ° s‘ to borrow and take up at Intered, such Sum and Sums of VJoney as they shall think needful, and they are hereby empowered either at such Meeting or afterwards, by any Writing or lndrument under their Hands and '

Seals, to assign over or mortgage all or any Part of the Tolls to be col-lefttd and levied at the said Toll-Gates, (the Charges of aligning or mortgaging the same to be paid out of such Tolls,) for any Term during [Loc. ft? Per.J 11 T the

ioo6 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

the Continuance of this Act, as a Security on Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed by the said Trusters upon the Credit of such Tolls, to such Person or Persons, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees as shall advance and lend the fame, by the following Words of Alignment under their Hands and Seals, or by any other Words to the like Effect: (videlicet,)

Form of Af- DY virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-Fir!! Year of the Reign of signment. His Majesty King George the Third [Here insert the Title of this A8f\

We, Five of the Trustees for putting the said Atl in Execution, in

Consideration of the Sum of to the Treasurcrof the

‘ said Road in Hand paid, do granr, bargain, fell, and detnife, unto

A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, such Proportion of ‘ the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, and of the Toll-Gates and Toll-

Houses for collecting the same as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the Whole Sum due and owing on the Credit

‘ thertof, to be had and holden from this Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord for and during

*' the Term of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with

‘ Interest at the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner

‘ repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals this ‘ Day of

And Copies of all futh Mortgages or Alignments shall be entered >n a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees; and all and every such Person or Persons to whom any Alignment or Alignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, or to whom any Alignment or Alignments of Tolls may have been made under the said recited Acts or either of them, may from Time to Time, align or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefic, to the Principal and Interest thereby secured, cr any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by signing an Instrument to be annexed to, or by indorsing such Security, before Two credible Witnesses in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect: (videlicet,)

Mortgages to be entered in a Book.

Form of Transfer.

I A.B. do transfer this Alignment (or the annexed Mortgage, as the ‘ Case may be) with all my Right and Title to the Principal hereby ‘ (or thereby) secured, and all the Interest. now due thereon, unto C. D,

his Executors, Administrators, and Aligns. Dated this

Day of

« a. b:

‘ Witness E. F.’

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein transferred, for which the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more} and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignees may in like Manner align or transfer the lame again and so Uties quoties, and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall be

1007

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

be lad transferred) to make void, release, or discharge, the original Security, or any Monies thereby due, or any Parc thereof.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, or who shall have already advanced any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the said recited Acts or either of them, in respect of the Priority of advancing, or having advanced any such Sum or Sums of Money, but that all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Alignments have been or shall be made as aforesaid, shall be in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned. Creditors on the said Tolls, in equal Degree one with another.

XXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, if thereunto required, receive in and cancel all or any of the Mortgages now (landing out, that were made by virtue of the said recited Acts i and give and execute another Mortgage or other Mortgages instead of or in lieu thereof respectively, in the Manner and transferable as herein-before mentioned.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That out of any Monies already'received by virtue of the said Acts, or out of the Monies which shall be raised or received by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees shall, in the first Place, pay and discharge all the Costs and Expences relative to the procuring and passing of this Act, unless the same shall be otherwise paid and discharged, and then the Remainder of such Monies shall, from Time to Time, be applied in putting this Act in Execution, and in repaying the Principal Money by this Act charged or to be borrowed, and the interest due and to grow due thereon.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Inhabitants, and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tythes, and Hereditaments, in and of the several Pat'lhes, Hamlets, Townships, and Places, into or through which any Part of the said Roads by this Act intended to be altered, turned, and repaired, leads, who are or shall be liable to do Statute Work or Duty in the Highways, shall yearly and every Year do such Proportion of such Statute Work or Duty, as they are by Law liable to perform; or if the said Trustees shall think that Proportion insufficient, such further Proportion as the Justices of the Peace at any Special Sessions of the Highways shall direct, in such Part or Parts of the said Roads as doth or do lie in such Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, respectively, and in such Places thereof, at such Times, and in such Manner, as the said Trustees respectively, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall for those Purposes direct or appoint; and that all and every of the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tythes, and Hereditaments, parcel of or lying within any extra-parochial Place, into or through which any Part leads and of the Roads hereby intended to be turned, altered, amended, and repaired leads, and not actually charged with or towards the Repair of any other Turnpike Road, shall from thenceforth (land and be charged and chargeable with and cowards the Repair of such Part of the said Roads hereby intended to be altered and repaired as aforesaid as doth or shall lie within such extra-parochial Place

No Priority of Mortgages.

Old Mortgages may be called in, and new Ones granted.

Application of the Money.

Statute

Duty.

ioo8

Composition for Statute Duty.

General

Compofi-

tion.

Trustees may contract for repairing the Roads.

Surveyors may remove Annoyances.

4.10 GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

or Place?, in such anrl the like Proportions, Wanner, and Form, and final! do and perform such and the like Duty, or pay such and the like Compositions in lieu thereof, as are by this Act required to be done, and paid by the Inhabitants, and Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tythes, and Hereditaments, in and of the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, into or through which any Part of the Roads by this Act intended to be altered, widened, and repaired, doth lead, under such and the like Penalties, Directions, and Regulations, as are enacted, directed, and provided, by the Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of Publick Highways.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and are hereby empowered to compound with the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, through which the said Roads by this Act intended to be altered, widened, and repaired, do lead, for the Statute Work and Labour by them respectively by virtue of this Act to be done in' the said respective Roads in every Year, the several Sums of Money at and for which such Work and Labour shall be compounded being paid down at the respective Times of making such Com-pofiion.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to compound or agree by the Year or otherwise with any Person using the said Road (Common Carriers excepted), for any Sum or Sums of Money which the said Trustees shall think fir, for and in lieu of Payment of any of the Tolls or Duiies, which Composition shall be paid Quarterly in advance to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to contrail and agree with any Person or Persons for making, repairing, widening, altering, turning, or amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for doing any other Work to be done in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper, and that all Contrails and Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting by the said Trustees, shall be binding to the said Trustees and their Successors, and all'o to all other Parties who shall sign the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators respectively; and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered again!! the Party or Parties failing in the Execution of such Contrail or Agreements.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Nuisances and Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, by Timber, Stone, Carriages, Saw-Pits or other Pits, Ashes, Dung, Filth, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Gutters, Conduits, or Drains, running into the fame Roads to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, and cleanse, deepen, and enlarge any Gutter, Ditch, Conduit, or Water-

a courfr,

1009

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

tourfir; adjoining or near to the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, and also to rut d >wn, top, or lop any Trees, Branches, or Bushes growing in the Hedges, Fences, or Grounds adjoining thereto, within the Distance of Ten Yards measured from the Centre of the Road (so as to reduce such Hedges to any Height not less than Four Feet), and to take and carry away the fame in case the respective Owners O’- Occupiers of the 1 ands where such Annoyances shall happen to be shall neglect so to do for the Space of Fourteen Days after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, under the Hand or Hands of such Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof, to be settled by the said Trustees, shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by such respective Owners or Occupiers neglrcting to cut down such Trees, Branches, or Buthes, or by the Person or Persons occasioning or neglecting, or refusing to remove such Annoyances as aforesaid, which Charges shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as Forfeitures and Penalties are herein-after directed to be levied and recovered.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and are hereby fully empowered to make the Road herein*before described, and (from Time to Time to turn, divert, alter, or widen any Part of the said Road or Roads, and for that Purpose from Time to Time to contract with any Person or Persons for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands or Hereditaments lying by the Side or Sides of, or near to any Part or Parts of the said Roads (provided that such Part or Parts of the said Roads as shall be so widened, turned, or altered, be not thereby made wider than the Breadth of Thirty-six Feet including the Ditchts), and to pay for the said Linds and Hereditaments respectively by and out of the Tolls and other Monies to arise by virtue of this Atft; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoff es in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and other Trustees for and on behalf of Infants, Femes Covert, and to and for all other Persons whatsoever, to contradf and agree wi.h the said Trustees for the absolure Sale or' Exchange of such Lands or Her’ditiments, and of their respective Estates and Interests therein, and may and are hereby enabled to convey such Lands to the said Trustees, or to permit them to take and use the fame for the Pu’-poles aforesaid; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances that Dull be so made as aforesaid, shall be valid and binding against and to all Persons, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; but this Act (had not extend to the taking down of any bwcl-linghouse or other Building, or to the taking in of any Land that is a Garden adjoining to any Dwellinghouse, or any Yard, Park, Paddock, or planted Walk, inclosed Nursery for Trees, or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of tite Owner or Proprietor thereof, except the said Strip of Ground used as Tan Pits near the said Town of Bajfin^Jloke.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever intitled to or interested in any Lands, Messuages, Buildings, or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall think necessary to be purchased for the widening, turning, or altering any Part of the said Roads shall, upon Application to them or any of them for that Purpose made, refuse or neglect to treat with such Trustees for the Sale of such Lands, Messuages, Buildings or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damages to be

I hoc, 6? Per.] it Z by

Trusteos may alter or widen Roads,

Trustees may purchaic.

1010

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

by them sustained in consequence of the Execution of this Act; or if by reason of their or any of their Absence or distant residence from the Lands intended to be purchased, he or they cannot be conveniently applied to or treated with for that Purpose, or if on treating he or they shall not agree with the said Trustees for the Price of such Lands, then, and in either of such Cases, the said Trustees may, and are hereby empowered, by a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff of the County in which such Lands lie, or his D' puty, to impannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twelve honest and disinterested Men of the said County, to be and appear before the said Trustees, at a certain Time and Place within such County, to be specified in the said Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts respectively, then and there to assess and ascertain the Prices and Value of the Lands intended or necessary to be purchased , and the said Sheriff or his Deputy are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return the said Jury accordingly, giving to each Juryman Three Days Notice of the Time and Place of his Attendance, and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to summon Witnesses, and such Jury and Witnesses are hereby required to attend accordingly} and the said Trustees having caused Fourteen Days Notice, in Writing under their Hands, to be given to the said Person or Persons entitled to the said Lands and Hereditaments intended to be purchased, or to be less at their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, or at any Place or Places of Abode of che respective Tenant or Tenants in Possession of such Lands, thereby letting forth the Natuies, Situations, and Quantities of such Lands and Hereditament;, and the Time when and Place where the said Jury are to meet to affels and ascertain the Value thereof, they the said Trustees may proceed to enquire by Twelve of the said Jurors on their Oaths of the Value of such Lands and Hereditaments, and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurors; the Sheriff or his Deputy shall return other indifferent Persons of the Standersiby, or that may be conveniently had for that Service, and to matte up the Number of Twelve, and to which Jurors all Parties mte-rested shall have their lawful Challenge when they come to be Iworn; and the said Trustees having given the Nature of the Enquiry in Charge to the said Jury that shall be (worn, may and are hereby empowered to examine all proper Persons on their Oaths concerning the Nature and Value of the said Lands and Hereditaments, and if needful or requisitcto cause the Jury sworn to view the said Lands and Hereditaments, and to take such other Measures to inform themselves and the Jury sworn concerning the Natures and Values of the said Lands or Hereditaments as they shall think proper; and the said Jury, being so informed, shall by their Verdictaffefs and ascertain the Values of the respective Lands that shall have been given them in Charge to enquire of, and the said Trustees present at the taking of such Inquests shall thereupon adjudge the Sum of Money assessed by the said Juiors as the Value of the Lands or Hereditaments to be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the said Lands or Hereditaments; and such Findings of the Juries and Judgements of the said Trustees shall be finally binding and conclusive to all Infants, Femes Covert, and other Persons whomsoever anywise interested or to be interested in the said Lands or any Part thereof; and if any such Sheriff or his Deputy shall refuse or neglect duly to obey any Warrant or Precept of the said Trustees, or to do any Act or Matter of his Office relating to the 5-s. [ Premises}

ton

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

Premises; or if any Juryman so summoned as aforesaid shall not appear (except for some reasonable f- xcufe to be allowed by such Trustees),

Or appearing shall refuse to be (worn, or if sworn shall not find his Ver-dist concerning the Matters that shall have been given in Charge; or if any Witness being sent for or summoned to appe r and give Evidence to the said Trustees and Juries shall not appear, (rxcept for some reasonable Excuse,) or if appearing shall rcful'e to be Iworn, or, being one of the People called Quakers, affirm, and thereupon to give his Evidence concerning the Matters aforesaid, every such Sheriff, Deputy, Juryman, and Witness Chall for every such Refusal, Neglect or Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all. Conveyances of Lands Conveymett and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, and Memorials tr]^e re*

of all the VerdiCb of Juries, and Judgements of the Trustees, concerning |'oj^e 10 the Value thereof which shall be ascertained by the Juries, shall be entered in some Book or Books of the said Trustees; and that after the Execution of such Conveyances, and giving such Judgements of the said Trustees, and after Payment or Tender of the Consideration Monies mentioned in such Conveyances, or if the Monies assessed and adjudged to be the Value of any Lands, the Values whereof shall be assessed or ascertained by any Jury or Juries to the Person or Persons entitled to the fame; or in case of want of Opportunity to tender, or of Refusal to accept the said Monies when tendered, then, on leaving the fame with the Clerk of the Peace for the County in which such Lands or Hereditaments lie, or his Deputy, for the Use or Uses of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to enter upon the said Lands or Hereditaments, and the same to add or turn into a Highway, and the said Lands or Hereditaments shall from thenceforih for ever afterwards be deemed, taken, and used as a publick Highway or publirk Highways to all Intents and Purposes; and after any such new Roads shall be completed, the Lands or Hereditaments conftnuting the former Road, unless the fame leads to some Town, Village, or Place to which such new Road doth not lead, shall be and are hereby veiled in and may be exchanged, or fold and conveyed by the said Trustees for the bed Price that can be got for the fame; and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied in such Manner as the said Tolls are hereby directed to be applied.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give Award ol and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as a Recompence or Jury-Satisfaction for the Right, interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in

any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees before the summoning and retaining the said Jury, then in such Case the Colts and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees respectively out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act; and if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for.no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees before the summoning and retaining the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction

for

1012

41° GEO. III. Capr59.

for any such Rights, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage ai afortfa said, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute} which said Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the said County not interested in the Matter in question, (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame at a Time and Place to be by him appointed, after summoning the Parties interested therein to attend him for that Purpose,) shall and may be de-ducted_out of the Money so assessed and adjudged as so much Muncy advanced to and paid for the Ufeot such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment and Tender of the whi le Sum so addled and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the famelhall not be paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the Trustees by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for recovering of Penalties and Forfeitures.

Personsbeing

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That in Cases bf ne 10 be where any Person or Persons shall, by reafunof Absence, have been pre-on*y One*1'*1 ventfd from treating. One Half of such Costs and Expences shall be de-Half of the ducted out of the Purchase Money, and the other Half shall be borne Expence. and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees, in Manner aforesaid.

Application

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or ration01here aware*c^ to be Pa'd for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur-exc°edirg're chafed, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Pur-Two Hun- poses thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, dred Pounds. Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, robe placed to his Account ex parte the said Trustees to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing (ettled therewiih to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money Hull not be so, applied then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed ami settled to, for, ami upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be txifting undetermined

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

and capable of taking Effect, and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accounrant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pound* per Centum Con-lolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuit.es, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of t'e said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so aprecd or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenemcnrs, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation or to any Person or Persons under Disabihty or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy to be figmfied in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bmk in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant Gentral of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed ot awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pound's; then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Triiftee, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to cause the said Road to be measured, and Stones or Ports to be placed in or near {Lie. y Per.] 12 A the

IO13

Application, where the Compei-fa~ tion does not exceed Two hundred Pound*, nor less than Twenty Pounds.

Application, where the Money is left than Twenty Pounds.

Mile Stones to be crested.

loi4

Penalty on

defacing

them.

Riding upon Foot Paths.

Drawing Timber or Stone.

Drivers of Carriages root keeping on the Left Side the Road.

Persons preventing others from pa fling, making Bonfires, or letting off Fireworks, leaving Carriages, or leaving Timber, f5fe. on the said Roads.

Gates to

Fields to open Inwards.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

the fame, with Inscriptions thereon denoting the Number of Miles and Distance of Places, as they shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull up or damage any Direction-poll or Milestone erected or fixed, or to be erected or fixed, in or near the Side of the said Road, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon; or if any Person Hull ride upon any Footway or Path adjoining to, or made on the Side of or upon the said Road, or shall drive any Horse, Cattle, or Swine, or any Carriage thereon, or shall cause any Damage to any such Footway; or if any such Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber or any Stone,(otherwise than upon wheeled Carnages,)or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person, driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage upon the said Road, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the Left Side of the said Road; or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him upon the said Road, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his Care; or if any Person shall make or aflill in making arty Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, on any Part or Parts of the said Road; or if any Person shall leave any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the said Road, either with or without any Horse or Beall of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto; or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Inconvenience of Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor lcfs than Twenty Shillings.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Gates to be hereafter made, and placed in any Field or Ground adjoining any of the said Roads, shall be made and hung to open inwards towards such Field or Ground, and not outwards towards the said Roads, and that no Gate shall be permitted to Hand across either of the said Roads; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause all such Gates as are now erected and open outwards towards the said Roads, to be altered and made to open inwards, as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and to remove all Gates Handing across either of the said Roads.

Penalty for taking away Mareriali raised by Surveyors.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall take away any Materials which shall have been dug, gotten, or gathered, for the Repair or Use of the said Roads, or shall raise or carty away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry-which shall have been made or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Roads before any Surveyor or their Workmen shall have discontinued working the rein, for the Space of Ten Days (except the Owners or Occupiers of any private

Ground,

iot5

41° GEORGII III.> Cap. 5<5.

Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Ma<-terials for his own Private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor Ids than Twenty Shillings.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Bodies Politick and Corpo- Persons Karate, and other Persons whatsoever, who by any Law, Custom, or Usage, ble repair or otherwise, are or shall be liable to the Repair of any Part or Parts of fontin°ue (o'° the Roads or Fridges by this Act intended to be repaired, or to pay any or ,he Sum or Sums of Money, for or towards the Repair thereof, shall, not- Bridges withstanding this Act, remain liable to repair the fame, or to pay such thereon-Monies for or towards the Repairs thereof, as they respectively were liable to do or pay.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Liti- Gate Keep, gation shall arise touching or in any wile relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons ne es' acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be and are hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That where it shall be necessary to Officers may distrain for the Recovery of the Tolls authorized to be collected by this Act, distrai.n a"d such Distress shall and may be made or taken by the Person or Persons be VVune^c, appointed to collect the said Tolls, or by any Surveyor of the said Road, or by any other Person or Persons who shall be 6t for that Purpose, appointed by them, or either of them, or called on to assist 5 and that in case any Dispute, Litigation, or Suit, shall arise or be had or prosecuted touching or concerning any such Distress, or the Prosecution thereof, or concerning the Non-payment of the said Tolls, any such Surveyor, Collector, or other Person or Persons, shall at all Times, and in all Courts, and before all Justices, be good and competent Witnesses to prove the Legality of the Distress, the Non-payment of such Tolls, or to give any other Proof or Evidence concerning the Premises.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Affiaulting assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause or promote to be assaulted, inter- officer!* rupted, or hindered any Collector of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons, by them or any or them, or by the said Trustees employed in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor Ids than Twenty Shillings.

L. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Per- Puniffiirg fons unknown to the Trustees, Colle3ors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put this Act into Execution, be it therefore enacted, That it ° en er5' shall be lawful for them or any of them, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Perton who shall commit any such Offence, and take him before any Justice of the Peace for the County wherein such Offence shall have been comtnit-9

ioi6

Interrupting

Surveyors

digging

Gravel.

Penalties and Forfeitures.

Trustees may direct Prosecution at the Expence of the Toils.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

ted, and such Justice is hereby empowered to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall obstruct or hinder the Surveyor or Surveyors appointed or to be appointed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons employed by him or them, in digging for or collecting or gathering any Gravel, Sand, Stones, or other Materials, in any Place or Places where he or they have a Right to dig for, gather, or collect the fame, or shall, after the same shall have been so collected and gathered, take and cirry away the fame, every Person or Persons offending herein shall for each and every such Offence forfeic and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings, over and above the Value of the Materials so taken away.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposedfif the Manner of levying and recovering thereof is not herein otherwil'e directed), shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One Justice of the Peace for the County in which the Offence shall be committed, or any One Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Offender shall be and reside, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offenefing, or by the Oath of One or more Withefs or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby required and empowered to grant for thel'e Purposes), and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chaitels, and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines when paid and levied (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act), shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees, and applied in the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to causeTuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol for such County or Place, there ro remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Months nor less than One Month, unless- such Penslties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonaole Charges shall be foontr paid and satisfied.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees ata Meeting to be held, whereof Notice in Writing specifying the Time and Place and the Purpose for which such Meeting is intended to be held, shall be affixed upon the Turnpike Gates then erected by virtue of this Act, and inferred in some NewTpaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, at least Fourteen Days previous to the Time when such Meeting is appointed to be held, ma£y and they are hereby authorized and empowered, when and as often as they shall think fit and necessary, to direct Indictments to be preferred and prosecuted at the Expence of the

6 Tolls

ioi7

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, against the Inhabitants of all or any of the Townships> D'stricts, or Places through which the said Road pjfles, and against the Hundred or Parish liable to repair Bridges, who shall have neglected or refuled respectively to repair the same.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurerj and that no Action wh’ch shall be brought-or commenced by or against the said Trullees, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk cr Treasurer, or by the Act or Default of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the Trustees at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, but the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being shall be deemed Plaintiffs or Defendants in such Action, as the Case may be.

LV. Provided always, That every such Clerk or Treasurer in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act all such Costs, Damages, and Charges, as by the Event of every such Proceeding he shall be put to, or become chargeable with, by occasion of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures Application by this Act imposed shall be paid to the said Trustees, their Treasurer ot P*oalri«. or Surveyors, and shall be applied in repair of such Part of the Roads in respedi whereof such Penalties and Forfeitures respectively shall be incurred; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Half Part of them, to and for the Use of the Informer, or any Person taking, seizing, or assisting therein; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Lvn. And be it further enacted, That Convictions for Offences against ConvRlion. this Act may be drawn up in the following Form, or to the like Effect \

(that is to say),

‘ J^E it remembered, That on the [Here insert the Day of the Month,

the Tear of cur Lord and of the King's Reign] A.B. is convicted

before me C- D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of on his own Confession, (or on the Oath of

a credible Witness, or credible Witnesses, as

‘ the Case may be,) of [Here insert the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame was committed] contrary to the Form of an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of King George the ‘ Third [Here insert the Title of this APT]; and 1 the said Justice do ad-‘ judge the said A.B. to have thereby incurred the Penalty of

to be paid, recovered, and applied in Manner directed by the said Act.

Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year aforesaid.’

Which Conviction shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Clerk to be repaid his Expencei.

Trustees may sue or he sued in the N.me of Their Clerk, or Treasurer.

12 B

ioi 8-

Proceedings not to be quafoed for Want of Form, nor be removed by Certio rari

Appeal.

Limitation of Actionj.

Act to com-

meuce.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. $9-

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceeding* to be had touch* ing the Conviction of any Offender agaml! this Act shall be quashed of vacated for Want of Form, or be removeable- by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Writs, or Prc cess, into anV of His Majesty’s-Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere $ any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. '

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself or herself aggrieved Vy an^ Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices (>f the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holdenfor the Counties of Berks, Wilts, or Southampton, within Three Calendar Months Notice after the Cause of such Complaint shall fiavearifen; lu.h Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, Fourteen Days Notice at leafs in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Nature thereof, to the Clerk or'Treasurer to the said Troftees, and within Ten Days after such Notice entering into Recognizance before some joffice of the Peace for either of the said Counties, with Two luffi-cient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of and to pay such Costsas shall be awarded by the Juffic<s at such Quarter Sessions; and the Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of fu> h Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such 'Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a Summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think pfoper, and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in purfii-snee of this Act, the same shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Offence committed or Cauie of Action or Suit accrued, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant and Defendants in such Action or Suits shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act"; and that if it shall appear io to have been done, or that such Action or Suit fluff be commenced after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, that then the Jury shall find for the De* fendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonluiced, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suir, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against ihe Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and nuy have arid recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any other Defendant or Defendants hath or have by Law in any other Cafe.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the Term of this Act shall commence upoa the Day on which the First Mteting oflhe Trustees shall be *5 held

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 59. 3019

held as aforesaid, and shall continue for the Term of Twenty-one Years, Term, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

And that this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act, and shall be judicially publick Act. tak-n notice o( as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whom-locver, without specially pleading the lame.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 6o.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of Two several Acts, made respectively in the Fir'ft and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and maintaining the Road from Dartford to Northjket, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kentr and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned.

f20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was made and parted In the First Year of the pre»inMe re-Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering cites Act more effectual several Acts passed in the Tenth Tear of her late 1 <^£°- HI. Majesty Queen Anne, in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining the Road from Dartford to Northfleet and Gravesend, and from Gravesend to Chalk, and from North-fleet to Chalk, and from thence to the Stone’s End near the Parish Church of Strood, in the County of Kent: Which foid Act was to have Continuance from the Friday Three Weeks next after the passing thereof, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas another Act was made in the Twenty-second a Geo. III. Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continu-\_Loc. f Perl] 12 C ing

m

1022

Said Acts

further continued.

Justices reading in Well Kent to be Trnitecs whether they act or not.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6o.

ing the Term and altering the Powers of an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Dartford to North-iieet, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, and for allowing an Annual Payment out of t/se Tolls arising upon the said Roads to the Trustees for the Care of the Road leading from Rochester to Maidstone, in the said County, to he applied for the Purposes therein mentioned; which said first mentioned Act of the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and also the said last mentioned Act, was to have Continuance from the Day of the passing of the said last mentioned Act, until the Expiration of the Term granted by the said first mentioned Act, and from and after the Expiration of that Term for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it would considerably shorten the Distance between Northjiect and Gravesend, and be otherwise advantageous to the Public, if the Road were carried in a straight Line, from or near to the Alehouse called the Leather Dottle in the Parish of Northfcct, through the Land of John Calcraft Esquire, and so continuing in a straight Line to and through King Street, in the Town of Gravefendt And whereas a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, and the said Roads are now much out of Repair, and the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts have been found inadequate to the Payment of the Interest on such Money, and the necessary Charges and Expences of maintaining and keeping in Repair such Roads; and the fame Money cannot be repaid, and the said Roads be put and kept in good Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be continued, and several Alterations and Amendments made in the said Acts for the better Execution thereof.: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties) shall be, and are hereby further continued, for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually, toall Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect immediately upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term, and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the; Payment of all the Money now due on the Credit or on Account of the said former Acts or either of them, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, and the Interest due and to grow due > thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Persons in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Kent, and residing within the Western Division of the said County, shall be Trustees for executing the said.reared Acts, and this present Act, whether they shall have taken out their De-dimus Potffiatcm to, and shall act as Justices of the Peace for the said County or not.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

III. And be it further enacted, 1'hat the Right Honourable William Pitt the Honourable and Reverend Jacob Marsham, the Honourable Charles Marsham, the Honourable Edward Bligb, the Honourable William B/igh, the Honourable George Watson, Sir John Boyd Baronet, Sir John Dixon Dyke Baronet, Sir William Geary Baronet, Sir John Hcnywood Baronet, Sir Henry Hawley Baronet, Sir Edward Knaichbuil Baronet, Sir Lawrence Balk Baronet, Sir John Gregory Shaw Baronet, Sir Matthew Bloxam Knight, Sir Richard Glode Knight, Sir William Leighton Knight, John Julius Anger-Hein, John Atkins, the Reverend Kenward Shaw Brooke, Thomas Bimfield, Charles Becket, James Bejl, John Brenchley, the Reverend William Crawford D. D. the Reverend John Currie, the Reverend William Crakelt, John Calcraft, William Curtis, Timothy Curtis, William Stacey Coajl, William Colver, Richard Carew, the Reverend Thomas Danipier D. D. Oliver Delancey, Thomas Dyke, Percival Hart Dyke, Thomas Dalton, Thomas Augustus Douce, William Dann, Henry Edmcades the Elder, Henry Edmeadcs the Younger, Thomas Elliott, the Reverend Robert Fountaine, the Reverend Robert Foote, Hujfey Fleet, William Gee, Nicholas Gillbcc, George Gunning, William Gillbee, George Grotc, William Good-hew, the Mayor of the Corporation of Gravesend and fllilton for the Time being, the Recorder of the said Corporation for the Time being, the Senior Jurat of the said Corporation for the Time being, the Reverend Thomas Heatheote, James Roper Head, Benjamin Harcnc, Charles Hope, Thomas Harman the Younger, William Hamilton, William Havelock, the Reverend Hugh Janet, Charles Kite, the Reverend John Law D. D. the Reverend Thomas Lombard, Richard Leigh, John Longley, William Lushington, Charles Lefsburc, John Pascal Larkins, Philip Martin, John Madox, Jofep/y Madox, Charles Milner, Francis Market, John Mumford, William Mumford, Thomas Meggifon, the Reverend Robert Price LL. D. William Pemble, Thomas Pitcher, the Reverend Peter Rajhteigh, Thomas Raikes, Laurence Ruck, Henry Thames Regers, Stephen Remnant, Jeremiah Rojher, John Rose, the Mayor of the City of Rochester for the Time being, the Recorder of the said City for the Time being, the Senior Alderman of the said City for the Time being, George Smith of Camer, Thomas Woodruffs Smith, Claude Scott, Samuel Scott, the Reverend John Tucker, Edward Tighe, John Talbot, William Twifs, John TUden, the Reverend Richard Williams, the Reverend Thomas William Wrighle, Francis Wadman, William Wheatley, John Wakefield, and their Succdfors shall be and are hereby declared to be Trustees for carrying the said recited Acts and this present Act into Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees appointed under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, and of this Act, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or this present Act, by Writing under their Hands, or by any Order to be entered in the Minute Book of their Meetings to elect, nominate, and appoint any Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees for putting in Execution this Act, and the said recited Acts, in lieu and stead of any such of the Trustees by this Act appointed as may die, or be or become incapacitated to ad.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Tolls and Duties granted and made payable by the said recited Acts, shall, as to the Particulars and Amount thereof respectively be, and they

are

IO23

Trustees,

Appointing new Tiullees*

Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.

1024

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

are hereby repealed; and that in lieu thereof, the following Tolls or Duties shall be payable and paid before any Carriage, or any Beall or Cattle whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through any of the Gates erected, or to be erected on the said Turnpike Roads; that is to say,

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Phaeton, Calalh, Curricle, Vis-a-Vis, Chaii'e, Diligence, Caravan, Hearse, or Litter, the Sum of Sixpence.

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence.

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, and Hot drawing, the Sum of Two Pence.

For each Afs drawing any Kind of Carriage, the Sum of Two Pence. For each Afs not drawing, the Sum of One Penny.

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Four Pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Hogs, the Sum of Ten Pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

And that in case of Oxen drawing any Carriage, Two Oxen shall be considered and paid for as One Horse;

Recovery and Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of, or as a Toll, and the Money so to be raised shall be and is hereby vested in the Trullees appointed in, or elected by virtue of the said recited Acts, and this Act, and the fame and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied, disposed of, and assigned for repairing the Roads aforesaid, and to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes mentioned and set forth in the said recited Acts, and in this present Act: And in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the said Tolls hereby authorised to be taken, or any Part or Parts of the said Tolls, the same shall and may be levied and recovered by the fame Ways and Means, and in such Manner, and subject to the same Rules and Exemptions as the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts can or may be levied and recovered; and all Persons evading, or attempting to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls herein-before authorised to be taken, or any Part of the said Tolls, shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments as are directed to be infiided on Persons evading, or attempting to evade the Tolls authorised to be taken by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Horse, Bead, or Cattle, shall have passed through any Turnpike Gate or Gates erected or to be erected within the said respective Dillrids, drawing any Carriage of what Nature or Description soever, and shall return the same Day, (such Day to be computed as aforesaid,) not drawing the fame, but any other Carriage, then and in every such Case the fame Toll may be demanded and taken for every Horse, Bead, or Cattle, drawing the fame, as if such Horse, Bead, or Cattle had not passed through any of the said respective Gates on that Day, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Application of Tolls.

Horse* returning with a different Carriage to pay again.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. bo.

VII. And be it farther enabled, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Property of all the present and future Roads, which now are, or hereafter shall be, under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, or this Act, under the Direction and Care of the Trustees for executing the fame, appointed, or to be appointed, in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or this Act, and the Ground and Soil thereof, and of all Toll-houses, Toll-gates, and other Erections (landing, or to be built or set up thereon, and of all Timber, Stones, and other Materials, Matters, and Tilings purchased or to be purchased by, or for the Use of, or belonging, or to belong to the said Trustees, shall be, and the same are hereby absolutely vested in the said Trustees: And they the said Trustees are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name of their Clerk, or to prefer, order, and direct, the preferring of indictments against any Person or Persons who shall flea!, take, or carry away any of such Materials or Things, or disturb them in the Possession thereof; and that in any Indictment for dealing, taking, and carrying away, or for injuring, damaging, or defacing any of the fame Materials, Matters and Things, it shall be sufficient to lay and charge the same to be the Property of any one of the said Trustees as of his own Goods and Chattels, and without describing him to be a Trustee under the said recited Acts, or this Act, or to lay and charge the same to be the Property of The Trustees of the Chalk Turnpike Roads, without setting forth the Names of the said Trustees, or of any of them.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons having paid any of the said Tolls or Duties by this Act granted, and having such Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, as in the said first mentioned Act is mentioned, shall offer, give, or dispose of the same to any Person or Persons (except the Person or Persons appointed to collect and receive the Tolls by this Act made payable), or if any Person or Persons shall with any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Ox, Mule, Afs, Cattle, Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Calaffi, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, go or pass through any Ground, Parcel of Land, Yard, Road, Passage-way, or other Place adjoining to or lying near any of the Gates or Turnpikes, by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act erected, of to be erected, and afterwards come again upon the said Turnpike R oad, oil the other Side of the said Gates or Turnpikes, or either of them, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls, or any of them; or il any Owner or Occupier of any Ground, Land, or Hereditaments, which doth or shall adjoin or be near to any of the fame Gates or Turnpikes, shall, knowingly or willingly, permit or fuller any Person or Persons with any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Ox, Mule, Afs, Cattle, Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Calaffi, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, Waggon, Wain, Cart, I>rav, of other Carriage, to go or pass through the fame Ground, Land, or Hereditaments; or if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse, Afs, Mule, or any other Sort of Cattle from any Coach or other Carriage as aforesaid; or if, after any such Coach or other Carriage shall have palfed any of the fame Gates or Turnpikes, any Person or Persons shall add. or put on, or cause to be added or put on, any Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Cattle, to the Hones or other Cattle drawing the fame, than drew the fame through such Gate or Turnpike, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall be evaded, or a less Toll paid than ought to be; then, and in every of the

[Loc. & Per.2 12 D aforesaid)

IO25

Property of Roads, Toll Houses, Materials, &c. veiled in Trustees,

who may bring Actions and prefer Indictments.

Penalty for evadingT oils',

1026

Road to be altered at 8trood Church, Lisle Castle at Chalk, and Bam at Northfleet.

Traftees may purchase, &c. Buildings for that Purpose.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

aforesaid Cases, every Person so offending and being thereof convicted upon his own Confession, or upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings at the Dil'cretion of such Justice or Justices, one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers of such Offence, or the Person or Persons upon whose Oath or Oaths such Person shall be convicted, to and for his or their own Use, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees,-to go and be applied towards amending the said Roads.

IX. And whereas there is a sudden Turn in the said Road, around the Corner of a Barn or Building in the Town of Northfleet, in the said County; and also another sudden Turn in the said Road, around the Corner of a Public Alehouse, called the Lisle Castle, in the Parish of Chalk, which are very inconvenient and dangerous to Travellers; and the Part of the said Road at the Entrance of the Town of Strood in the said County, is now so enclosed and confined by sundry finall I)weiling-Houses and Buildings, that it is very narrow, inconvenient, and dangerous to Travellers; and it is necessary that the said Road should, at the said respective Places at Northfleet, Chalk, and Strood, be enlarged or altered; Be it therefore further enacted, That the Trustees appointed and to be appointed under and by virtue of the said recited Acts and this present Act, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting or Meetings to be held by Virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall and may, and are hereby authorsfed to order and direct, and cause to be made and executed, such Alterations and Improvements of the said Road at the said Three last mentioned Places at Northfleet, Chalk, and Strood, as shall be found necessary, and in such Manner as to the said Trustees shall seem proper: And for facilitating such Alterations and Improvements, Be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered and authorised to contract with any Owners, Occupiers of, and Persons interested in, the respective Barn, Alehouse, Dwelling-Houses, and the Buildings and Appurtenances thereto respectively belonging, by and with the Consent of such Owners, Occupiers, or Persons interested for the Purchase thereof, or of any Part thereof respectively, or for the Exchange of any other Premises for the fame, or for the Loss or Damage they may sustain thertby, and to pay for the fame, or make such Recompence, and also the Celts and Charges attending such Contract, Purchase, or Exchange, with and out of the Tolls or Duties by the said recited Acts, or this Act granted, or out of any Money borrowed or to be borrowed upon die Credit thereof; and that it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations, Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trull, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and other Trustees whatsoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trulls, and for all other Persons whatsoever, to contract and agree with such Trustees for such Purchase, Exchange, or Recompence as aforesaid, under and by such and the like Powers, Ways, Means, and Methods, as by the said Act of the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the Trustees thertby appointed, or any Seven or more of them, may purchase and take, or exchange lands and Grounds to widen or alter the said Roads.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6o.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required within twelve Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, they having the Means provided for this Special Purpose, to cause the said Road between Northjicet and Gravcf-end to be made and carried in a (trait Line from or near to the said Ale-house, called the Leather Bettk, in the Parish of Not thjleet, through certain Lands belonging to John Culcrtft Esquire, and so continuing to and through King Street in the Town of Gravesend aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That after any Lands or Grounds shall be made Part of the said Roads, the Lands and Grounds comprised in, and constituting the former Road, shall be sold by the said Trustees, or any Fiye or more of them, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become a Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the bed Price that can be rea-fonably had or gotten for the fame, and the Conveyance thereof being executed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and being enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Kent, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes w&tsoever.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That wherever the Course of any of the said Roads shall be altered by this Act, and a New Road opened and made, the offer of the Purchase of such Old Road shall be made to the Owner of the adjoining Land; and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser*of such Old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall be (fill desirous of becoming the Purchaser, then the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken or made Use of by the said Trustees, is directed to be settled and ascertained by virtue of the said recited Acts, or one of them; and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof at the Sum to be ascertained by such Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case he shall refuse to pay such Money upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and Tender of the Conveyance of such Old Road, the same shall and maybe recovered by the said Trustees by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and in case any such Owner shall not agree, or shall refuse to purchase any such Old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons not interested in the Premises, to make an Affidavit, to be (worn before a Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Old Road shall lie, dating that such Offer has been made by, or on behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed, or has refused to purchase such Old Road; and such Affidavit Avail in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and not agreed to, or was Tended by such Owner. Provided neverthelds, That if such Owner shall be willing, and shall Con-ftnt to take such Old Road in Exchange for such New Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby required to assure the same to such Person by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering to him, or her, a Copy of such Entry, signed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit of Law or Equity: Provided also, That the Mcaey arising by the

IO27

Read between North-fleet and GraveSend, to be altered*

Empowering the Tru.'tecs to fell the Old Road when a New Road i» made.

Requiring the Tru flees to give the Owner of the Land ad joining the firH Oner of the Purchase of the Old Road*

1028

Removing

Annoyances,

&c.

Skid Pans to be used.

Pits not to be

dug within certain Dif-tances of the Road

41° GEORGII III. Cap. to.

Sale of any such Old Road shall be applied in discharging the Cods anil Expences of diverting and altering the lame.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it Hull and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, appointed and to be appointed by the said Trustees, and such Person and Persons as he or they shalt employ or appoint, from Time to Time, to remove and carry away all Annoyances on any Part of the Roads, under the Direction and Care of the said Trustees, by Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Water-courses, Sinks, or Drains, running into, along, across, or out of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, or cleanse any Water-courses or Ditches adjoining to the said Roads, and make the same as deep and large as he or they shall think proper or necessary, and to make any new Drains adjoining to the said Roads, so as the fame be not made through any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Planted Walk, or Avenue, to a House or any Plantation, or Nursery for Trees, ami to grub up or cut down any Trees, (Timber Trees excepted,) and to lop or fhrove any Trees or Bushes growing in the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, so that the fame may not be above the Height of Four Feet, and to take and carry away the fame, in case the Person or Persons creating or permitting such Annoyances, or the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands and Premises, whereon the fame Trees or Bushes (land, or upon or adjoining to whose Lands and Premises the fame Ditches or Water-courses shall be, shall neglect to remove such Annoyances, or to grub up, cut down, lop, Ihrove, and carry away such Trees or Bushes as aforesaid, or to open, scour, or cleanse such Water-courses or Ditches, for the Space of Fourteen Days next, after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, under the Hand or Hands of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or of their Clerk or Surveyor or Surveyors, for the Time being, the Charges whereof shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, by such Person or Persons creating or permitting such Annoyances, or such Owners or Occupiers so neglecting to grub up, cut down, lop, Ihrove, and carry away such Trees or Bush.es, or to open, scour, or cleanse such Water-courses or Ditches as aforesaid, such Charges to be levied and recovered as a Penalty in such Manner as is hereinafter directed, and to be paid to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to go and be applied in amending the said Reads; and if any Person or Persons shall again commit any of the fame Offences, he or they shall, for every such second or other Offence, forfeit and pay, over and above such Charges as aforesaid, the Sum of Forty Shillings to be levied, recovered, and applied as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage, shall drive any such Carriage down any Hill, upon any of the Roads under the Direction and Care of the said Trustees, with one or more of the Wheels of such Carriage fkidded or fattened, and without a Skid Pan to each of the Wheels so fkidded or fattened, to keep them from the Road, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum, not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor leis than-Ten Shillings, to be recovered and applied in Manner hereinafter directed.

XV. And whereas the Provisions made by the said recited Acts for preventing Danger to Persons travelling the said Roads, by Chalk Pits, Gravel, or Other Pits being dug too near the said Roads, are insufficient, be it therefore

1029-

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Chalk Pit, Gravel Pit, or other Pit, already dug, sunk, or made, within Thirty Feet of the said Road, shall be dug, sunk, or made any nearer to the Road than the fame now is; and that no Chalk Pit, Gravel Pit, or other Pit whatsoever, already begun to be dug, sunk, or made, not at present within Thirty Feet of the said Roads, or which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be dug, sunk, or made near the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall be dug, sunk, or made within less Distance than Thirty Feet from the said Roads, such Distance to be ascertained by Admeasurement on the Surface, at Right Angles from the Edge of the said Road; and in case any Chalk Pit, Gravel Pit, or other Pit, shall at any Time hereafter be dug, sunk, or made, at a less Distance from the said Road than as aforesaid, or shall be excavated or undermined within such Distances, without the Consent of the said Trustees, as hereinafter mentioned, then and in every such Case, all and every the Owners and Occupiers of every such Chalk Pit, Gravel Pit, or other Pit, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for each and every such Offence; which Penalties shall be levied and recovered in Manner hereinafter mentioned, and shall be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees, and go and be applied in the Amendment and Repair of the said Roads.

XVI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Roads may Owner or Owners of any such Chalk Pit, Gravel Pit, or other Pit as ""jj"' aforesaid, to dig, fink, or make the fame so as to excavate or undermine of the Truf-the said Roads, with the Consent or Permission in Writing of the said tees. Trustees for the Time being, or any Nine or more of them, under their

Hands at a Publick Meeting to be assembled according to the Directions of this Act, and of the said recited Acts, and in such Manner as shall be by such Trustees at such Meeting directed or permitted, and approved of in Writing under their Hands.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees may said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to con- purchase trad and agree with any Person or Persons whatsoever, and also for all ^"J^Consent Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, of the Own-and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and era.

other Trustees whatsoever, for and on behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert,

Cestuique Trusts, and for all Persons whatsoever, to contract and agree with the said Trustees for the Purchase or Exchange of any Houses or other Erections or Buildings which the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting to be held by virtue of the said recited Acts, or this Act, shall deem necessary to be taken for the Purpose of widening, altering, or improving the said Roads, or any Part thereof, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways, Means, and Methods in all Respects as by the said recited Act of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, any Seven or more of the said Trustees are authorised to purchase or exchange Lands for such Purposes: Provided nevertheless.

That no House, or other Erection or Building shall be so purchased or exchanged without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof.

12 E

ILoc. & Per.'}

ic3o

Penalty for riding on Cauiewayg.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6o.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter ride on Horseback, or drive any Ilorfe or other Cattle, or any Carriage over any causeway of any of the Roads, which by virtue of the said recited Acts, and this present Act, now are, or hereafter shall be under the Direction and Care of the said Trustees, every Person so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not more than Twenty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, to be levied and recovered as hereinafter is mentioned, and to be paid to the Treasurer or Surveyor for the Time being of the said Trustees, to go and be applied in amending and repairing the said Roads.

Tolls granted

XIX. And for the Security of all and every such Person or Persons who toteaSecu fl, all

or may have advanced or lent Money upon the Credit of the said rity toX'rcdi- fonner Acts, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the tors under Tolls and Duties granted by this Act shall (land charged with, and be a former Acts. Security for, and subject and liable to the Payment of the Principal and Interest of all Money borrowed, or otherwise due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said former Acts, in such and the like Manner as the Tolls granted by those Acts were declared to be subject to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof.

Recovery and

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by the

Application said recited Acts, and this Act imposed, shall be recovered before any One of Penalties. or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, which said Justice or Justices, upon Information on Oath, of any Offence committed against the said recited Acts, or this present Act, or any of them, shall issue his, or their Warrant or Summons, as to him or them shall seem fit, for the Offender or Offenders to be brought, or to appear before him or them; and on the Offender or Offenders being so brought or appearing before him or them, or if the Offender or Offenders do not appear, or alledge a sufficient Excuse for not appearing, then, upon Proof on Oath of the Service of the Summons for his, her, or their Appearance, shall proceed to hear and determine the Offence in a summary Way; and if upon the Hearing of the Offence, and Proof of the fame by the Oath or Oaths of the Informer or Informers, or one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that the Offender or Offenders is, or are guilty thereof, to convict him, her, or them thereof, and to levy such Penalties and Forfeitures by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not, by the said recited Acts, or this Act, especially directed, shall be paid to the Clerk and Treasurer of the said Trustees for the Time being, to be applied and expended in the Repair of the said Roads; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found whereon to levy any such Penalty or Forfeilure, and the Offender or Offenders do not forthwith pay the same, and in every Cafe where such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall not be forthwith paid by the Offender or Offenders at the Time of his, her, or their Conviction, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand

1031

41° GEORGII III. Cap. Bo.

Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals; to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol, or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Mayor, and other His Justices of Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Time being, acting in and for the said Corporation of Gravesend and Milton, shall have Authority in all tionwt'llin C* Matters arising within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Corpora- their Limits, tion, in like Manner as the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent have Authority within the said County.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties imposed on any Person or Persons for Offences committed agamR the said recited Acts, and this Act, or either of them, and amounting to the Sum of Ten Pounds or upwards, may be either levied and recovered in the Manner herein-before directed, or may be sued for and recovered by or in the Name of the Clerk to the said TruRees, for the Time being, in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and wherein the Plaintiff, if he shall recover any Penalty or Penalties, shall recover the fame for the Use of the said TruRees, for the Time being, to go and be applied in the Repair of the said Roads, with CoRs of Suit.

I

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think Appeal, himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order, Conviction, or Adjudication of any such JuRice or JuRices, or by any other Thing done in pursuance, or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or this Act, or either of them, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person or Persons may, within Six Calender Months after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, appeal to the JuRices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the WeRern Division of the County of Kent, such Appellant or Appellants firR giving,

or causing to be given Twenty Days Notice at leaR in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk to the said TruRees, and within Ten Days after such Notice, entering into Recognizance with sufficient Sureties, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County of Kent, or of the Corporation of Gravesend and Milton, as the Case may be, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of the Court, and to pay such CoRs as shall be awarded by the JuRices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said JuRices at such Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and such Recognizance entered into as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine the Caules and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such CoRs to the Party or Parties appealing or appealed against, as they shall think proper, and the Determination of the JuRices at such Quarter Sessions shall be binding, final, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

1032

No Certiorari.

Distref&not unlawful for Want of Form.

Tender of Amends.

Directing the Application of Money paid for Compensation for i^ruids, £cc. when exceeding 2001.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6o.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Oflenders against the said recited Acts, or this Act, or any of them, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, and this Act, or any of them, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money, by virtue of the said recited Acts, and this Act, or any of them, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Cafe.

XXVI. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceeding, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made by or on behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed any Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court w here such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit, w'hereupon such Proceedings, or Orders, and Judgments shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts, or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts, and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands and Hereditaments {landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purpose; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be

i°33

41° GEORGII III. Cap. bo.

laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purports, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled, or limited, or such of them as at the Time of snaking such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking Eti'eft; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchasl'e shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum, Consolidated, Or Three Pounds per Centum, Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money lb agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds; then and in all such Cases, the lame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be figriffied in Writing under their respective Hands, to be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Appointment to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parues), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain the Direfdon or Approba-badon of the Court of Chancery.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts, and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall think fit, or in case ol Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ui'e and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

[Loc. y Per.'] iz F XXX. And

Where not exceeding 2 DO/-and not less than zol.

Where less than 20/.

1031-

Notice to be given of Actions, and to be laid and tried in Kent.

Provisions of former Acts extended to this.

Expences of the Aik.

[Public Act.]

Fixing the Term of the

Aik.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until after the Expiration of Twenty-eight Days Notice thereof given in Writing to the Clerk to the Paid Trustees; and that every such Action and Suit shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County of Kent, and not elsewhere.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts as to all and every Clause, Provision, Matter, and Thing therein contained, and not altered or varied by this Act, shall be extended, and extend to this Act, and to the Tolls hereby laid and imposed, and the several Matters and Things hereby directed to be done and performed, and be deemed Part thereof, and shall operate, be in force, and be observed, enforced, and performed in respect to this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXXIL. And be it further enacted, That all the Coffs, Charges, and Expences, attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid in Manner following; (that is to say,) so much thereof as relates to the Road between Rochester and Maidstone, or to any Payment out of the Tolls granted by this Act, towards the Purposes of any Act or Acts of Parliament for maintaining the Road between Rochester and Maidstone, shall be retained and paid out of any Money payable, or to become due or payable, for the Purposes of the said Road between Rochester and Maidstone, out of the said Tolls granted by this Act, and the Remainder thereof shall be paid out of any Money collected or received, er to be collected pr received by virtue of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially plead, ing the same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall, upon the passing hereof, cease and determine; and that the said Acts (subject to the Alterations and Additions herein contained) and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in Force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

rj s irpwinl

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*4MH ¥*

Cap. 61.

An Act for improving and extending the Navigation of the River Exe, from the publick Quay at Exeter to the publick Road adjoining Four Mills near Creditors, in the County of Devon, by making a navigable Canal or Cuts, and deepening and widening such Parts of the Rivers Exe and Credy, as shall be necessary for that Purpose.

[20th June 1801.}

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the improving and extending the Navigation of the River Exe, from the publick Quay at Exeter, to the publick Road adjoining a certain Place called The Four Mills, near Creditor!, in the County of Devon, by making a navigable Canal or navigable Cuts, for the Passage of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, and deepening and widening such Parts of the Rivers Exe and Credy, from Exeter to Creditor! aforesaid, as shall be found necessary for that Purpose, will open an easy Communication for the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Exeter to Creditor! aforesaid, and the several Parishes and Places through or near which the said Navigation will pass; and will cause the Improvement of the neighbouring Lands and Estates, by the easy Conveyance of Manure, and will be of publick Utility; but as the fame cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and [Lot. Id PerC] 12 G with

1038

Proprietor*

Incorporated.

Their Stile.

The Company ©t Proprietors empowered to improve and extend ihe Navigation, SY.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

with the Advice and, Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Jihn Burnett, James Buchiell, Junta Butter Esquire, Jonathan Burnett Esquire, Richard Chambertain Esquire, John Cleave Esquire, Charles Collyns El'quire, John Dcnsham, Elizabeth Dcnjharh Widow, William Drake, William Floud Esquire, Richard Graces Esquire, 'Thomas Gray, John Grunway Esquire, George Maunder, Sir LaurencePalk Baronet, Arundel Phillip Esquire, John Pinhay Esquire.Grorjf Esquire, John Traies, GeorgeWeJllakeEkqmxc, AnA Samuel lEW/c Esquire, and such other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, as shall at any Time hereafter be possessed of One or more Share or Shares in the said Navigation and Undertaking, and the Successors, Executors, Admi-niltrators, and Assigns, of such several Persons and Bodies, shall be and they are hereby united into a Company, for the making, supporting, maintaining, completing, and improving the Navigation of the said Rivers Exe and Crfdy, and the navigable Canal and Cuts, and’ the Works hereby authorized to be made, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein-after expressed, and shall for that Purpose be one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Exeter and Crediton Navigation, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall or may sue or be sued, and shall also have full Power to purchase Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to them, their Successors, and Assigns, for the Use of the said Undertaking, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain; and that it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, and they are hereby empowered, from and after the passing of this Act, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, to improve, extend, and support the Navigation of the said Rivers Exe and Credy, from the publick Quay at Exeter aforesaid, to the publick Road adjoining the said Place, called Four Mills, near Crediton aforesaid; and to make and maintain a navigable Canal, or navigable Cuts, from, into, and out of the said River Exe, at the publick Quay at Exeter aforesaid, and to continue, make, and maintain the said navigable Canal, or navigable Cuts, from thence, to, from, into, and out of such Parts of the said Rivers Exe and Credy reflectively, to the said publick Road adjoining the said Place called Four Mills, near Crediton aforesaid, and to deepen and widen such Parts of the said Rivers Exe and Credy, from the publick Quay at Exeter aforesaid, to the said Place called Four Mills, near Crediton aforesaid, as shall be by them found necessary, for the Purpose of making the same respectively navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in, to, and through the several Parishes, and Places of Saint David, in the City of Exeter, in the County of the City of Exeter, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, Brampford Speke, Upton Pyne, Newton Saint Cyres, and Crediton, in the said County of Devon, from, into, and out of the said River Exe, at the publick Quay at Exeter aforesaid, to the said Place called Four Mills, near Crediton aforesaid, in the lines and Directions expressed in the Map or Plan herein-after mentioned, and to make the fame communicate with and fall into the present Navigation, leading from Exeter aforesaid to Topsham in the said County, and to improve, complete, make, and maintain the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, and every Part thereof, navigable and passable at all Times, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; and the said Company of Proprietors and their Succef-

1039

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

fors are hereby fully empowered, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, or Servants, to supply the said intended Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, whilst the same shall be making and improving, and at all Times for ever after the same shall be made and improved, with Water, from the River Tew at the Mill Tail, Leaf, or Stream at the said Place called Four Mills, near Creditcn aforesaid, and from the said Rivers Exe and Cra/yrespect-ively, and from Two fbveral Reservoirs to be made and constructed in or near and adjoining the said River Exe, in the Parish of Saint David aforesaid, and from all such Streams and Waters as shall be met with in the Course of making the said navigable Canal or Cuts respectively, or within the Distance of Two thousand Yards from the Head Level of the said Navigation-, Canal, and Cuts respectively, or within the Distance of One thousand Yards from any other Part of the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively; and the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors are hereby fully empowered, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, or Servants, to improve and keep navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, the said Rivers Exe and Credy, or such Parts thereof as they shall think necessary and proper for the Purposes aforesaid, and the said navigable Canal or Cuts respectively within the Limits aforesaid; and the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors are hereby also empowered, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Workmen- to make, for the Purpose of supplying the said intended Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or any Part or Parts thereof, with Water, and for any other Purposes for the making, maintaining, improving, and using the said Navigation, Canal, Cuts, and Works respectively, the Two several Reservoirs herein-before mentioned, in the Parish of Saint David aforesaid; and also such and so many Soughs, Tunnels, Feeders, aqueducts, and Channels, as they shall think fit, for supplying the said intended Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively with Water; and for any other Purposes for the making, maintaining, improving, and using the said Navigation, Canal, Cuts, and Works respectively; and also to cleanse, scour, cut, dig, open, deepen, widen, enlarge, flraighten, and raise such Parts of the said Rivers Exe and Credy, as are intended to be improved and made navigable, and the Banks thereof, or which may become necessary in order to or in consequence of such Improvements, and the Leats, Cuts, Brooks, or Streams issuing therefrom respectively, or communicating the rewith respectively, or which may be made to communicate therewith respectively, and to cut, dig, lower, or raise the Banks thereof respectively, for the Purpose of bringing Water into the said intended Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, and to take and use all Streams and Waters that shall be met with in the Course of making the said Navigation, Canal, Cuts, or Improvements within the Distance aforesaid; and also to make such new Cuts and proper Trenches, or Passages for Water, in, upon, or through the Lands or Grounds adjoining to or near the said Parts of the said Rivers respectively, and the said Canal or navigable Cuts or Feeders respectively, or any of them, or such Leats, Cuts, Brooks, or Streams as aforesaid, or any of them, as they the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors shall think proper, for effecting the Purposes of this Act; and also to amend, alter, heighten, enlarge, or rebuild any publick or private Bridge or Bridges; and for the better effectuating the Purposes of this Act, the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, and their Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, are hereby empowered to go, enter, and pass, in, upon, over, under, or through the Lands and Grounds,

Brooks,

i

1040

41° GEO. III. dp 61.

Brooks, Streams, Waters, Roads, Ways, Passages, Commons, and all other Lands and Places, of or belonging to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate whatsoever, and to survey and take Levels thereof, or any Part thereof, and to set out and ascertain such Part or Parts thereof respectively, as they the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors shall think necessary and proper, for making, completing, improving, maintaining, and using the Navigation of the said Rivers, and the said navigable Canal and Cuts respectively, and all such Refer-voirs, aqueducts, Feeders, Basons, and other Works, Matters, and Convenience!, as they shall think necessary, for making, improving, preserving, completing, maintaining, and using the said intended Navigation, Canal, and Cuts, Basons, Aqliedufts, and other Works; and to bore, dig, cut, trench, and sough, get, carry away, remove and lay Earth, Clay, Stone, Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, Gravel or Sand, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or gotten in the improving the Navigation of the said Rivers respectively, or in the making the said Canal or Cuts respectively, or the Tunnels, Shafts, Trenches, Passages, Reservoirs, aqueducts, Feeders, Sluices, Pens for Water, Gutters, Soughs, Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, and other the Works of the said Navigation, out of, in, or upon the Lands Or Grounds, of any Person or Persons, lying within the Distance of One hundred and fifty Yards on each Side thereof, and which may be requisite or proper for making, improving, carrying on, continuing, maintaining, or repairing the said intended Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, Basons, aqueducts, and other Works, or which may prevent or obstruct the, making, completing, maintaining, and using the fame respectively, either in the failing of Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, or the haling or towing the fame, with Men, Horses, or otherwise, so as to make and maintain a proper and effectual Navigation, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or the making, using, completing, extending, or maintaining of any such Basons, Feeders, Trenches, Passages, Aqueducts, and Watercourses as aforesaid,

« as shall be deemed necessary or proper, to convey Water to the said intended Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively; and also, to make such and so many Feeders, Tunnels, and Shafts, and to make, erect, build, construct, and set up, in, over, or upon the said Rivers respectively, and the said navigable Canal or Cuts respectively, and the several Trenches and Passages for Water, before-mentioned, or in or upon the Lands and Grounds adjoining or near the fame respectively, or in, upon, or over the Brooks, Streams, Cuts, or Watercourses near thereto, or running into or communicating the rewith, such and so many Banks, Bridges, Piers, Arches, aqueducts, Tunnels, Shafts, Locks, Sluices, Floodgates, Weirs, Pens for Water, Stanks, Basons, Drains, Ports, and Stoops, Stopgates, Wharfs, Ouays, Cranes, Weigh Beams, Houses, Warehouses, Stables, Toll-houses, Watch-houses, Landing Places, Fire Engines, and other Machines, Dry Docks, and other Works, Ways, Roads, and Conveniences, as and where the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, shall think requisite or convenient for the Use and Purposes of the said Navigation, Canal, Cuts, Reservoirs, and Works respectively, or any Part thereof, and for all other the Purposes of this Undertaking; and also, from Time to Time, to alter, repair, enereafe, enlarge, improve, amend, and discontinue the fame, as and wherever the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors shall find necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and also from Time to Time to alter, divert, amend, widen, enlarge, or extend any Bridges, Roads,

Highways,

1041

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6i.

Highways, not being Turnpike Roads, or Passages, and other Works, Locks, Soughs, Tunnels, Batons, Feeders, Aqueduds, Trenches, Sluices, Weirs, and other Works and Conveniences, as well for the carrying of Goods and other Articles to and from the said Navigation, Canal, Cuts, and Works, as for the carrying and conveying of all Manner of Materials necessary for the making, improving, finishing, altering, repairing, maintaining, amending, and using the said intended Navigation, Canal, Cuts, and other Works of or belonging to the said Navigation, or useful for any Purpose therein; and also, to place, lay, work, and manufacture any Materials on the Grounds where found, or near to the Place or Places where the said Works, or any of them shall be, or are intended to be made, erected, repaired, or done; and also to make, maintain, repair, and alter any Fences or Passages, over, under, or through the said Rivers, Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, and the Works, Reservoirs, Feeders, Aqueducts, Sluices, and Conveniences which shall at any Time or Times hereafter belong thereto, or communicate therewith; and also to make, set out, and appoint such Towing Paths, Banks, Roads, and Ways convenient for towing, haling, or drawing of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels passing in, through, or upon the said Rivers, Canal, or Cuts respectively, with Men, Horles, or otherwise, or for any such other Purposes as they the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors shall think convenient, and to make such Places for Boats and other Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, Canal, and Cuts respectively, to turn, lie, and pass each other, as the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors shall judge necessary j and also to dig, take, and carry away for the Life of the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, any Soil, Clay, Gravel, Stone, or other Materials, which may be proper or convenient for making and improving the said Navigation, and the said Canal, Cuts, Reservoirs, Aqueduds, and other Works respectively; and also for repairing, supporting, maintaining, and using the fame, in or from the Grounds of any Person or Persons adjoining or lying contiguous or convenient thereto respectively; and to construct, erect, alter, keep in Repair, and use any Piers, Arches, Aqueduds, Bridges, or other Works, in, upon, over, and across any Rivers, Streams, Mill Leats, Brooks, Highways, or Roads for the carrying and conveying the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, in, upon, or over the fame respectively, or for the making, improving, using, maintaining, and repairing, the said Navigation, Canal, Cuts, and other Works, and the Towing Paths on the Sides of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, so as to render the said Navigation of the said Rivers, Canal, and Cuts respectively, pafiable throughout by all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels hereby authorized to navigate'thereon, without Impediment; and also to construd and ered, do and perform, all other Matters and Things whatsoever, which shall be deemed necessary and convenient by the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, for the malting, completing, using, preserving, and improving the said Navigation, Canal, Cuts, Aqueduds, and the Works connected therewith, in pursuance and within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; they the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Deputies, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, doing as little Damage as may he in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted, and making Satisfaction in Manner herein-afrer mentioned, for all such Damages as shall be sustained by the Owners or Occupiers of and other Persons interested in the Lands and Hereditaments, Waters, and Watercourses which shall be taken or used by or [Lee. Ssf Per.] 12 H On

1042

Power to make Roller* or inclined Planes, &c.

Houses, Gardens, etc. not to be injured.

Mills on the Exe and Credy not tu be injured.

Breadth of Canal and Towing Path.

41° GEORGII III. Cop. 61.

on the Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, and for all Damages to be by them sustained, in or by the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, and their and every of their Deputies, Servants, Workmen, and all other Persons for what they or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers h ereby granted.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors shall think it necessary or expedient that Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, Waggons, or other Carriages, or any Manure, Goods, Wares, or other Matters or Things should be conveyed over or along any Part or Parts of the intended Tract or Line of the said intended Navigation, Canal, or Cuts, by Rollers, inclined Planes, Railways, Waggon Ways, or Cranes, or in any other Manner than by and upon Water, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, to cause any such Rollers, inclined Planes, Railways, or other Works before-mentioned, to be made for such Purpose or Purposes, at such Place or Places, in, upon, or near to the said intended Navigation, Canal, or Cuts, as they shall think proper; and the fame when so made, shall be taken and considered as Part or Parts of the said intended Navigation, Canal, or Cuts, and Works hereby authorized to be made, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Parts or Places had been made navigable.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take, use, injure, or damage, for the Purposes of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts, or any other of the Purposes aforesaief, any House or other Building which was erected and built on or before the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred, or any Land or Ground, which on the said Thirtieth Day of September was set apart and used as or for a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, without the Chnfent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof respectively.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to injure or damage for the Purposes of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts, or any other of the Purposes aforesaid, the Mills at the said Place, called The Four Mills, or any Mill or Mills now handing and being on the said several Rivers Exe and Credy herein-before mentioned, or any of them, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers of such Mill or Mills respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds to be taken or used for cutting and making such Canal or Cuts, where the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, shall find it necessary to cut and make such Canal or Cuts respectively, and for the Towing Paths thereto, and the Ditches, Drains, and Fences to separate such Towing Paths from the adjoining Lands, shall not exceed Thirty Yards in Breadth, (except in such Places where any Docks, Basons, or Pens of Water,

ro43

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

/hall be made, or where the said Canal or Cuts, or any Part thereof, shall be raised higher, or cut above Ten Feet deeper than the present Surface of the Land, and except in such Place where it shall be judged proper by the said Company or their Successors, for Boats and other Vessels to turn, lie, or pass each other, or where any Engines, Ware-houses. Cranes, or Weighing Beams may be erected, or where any Wharfs or other Places may be set out or appropriated for the Reception of any Coals, Lime, Limestone, or other Minerals, Timber, or other Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, which shall be conveyed on the said Canal or Cuts), nor in any such excepted Places more than Sixty Yards in Breadth, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners of the Lands and Hereditaments adjoining to the said Canal or Cuts, given under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Elands and Seals.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful pj)jen, tobf to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, to

take and make use of certain Lands and Grounds at or near to the Entrance of the said Navigation or Canal, from the said River Exe, near to the Head Weir in the Parish of Saint Thomas the Apostle, at Exeter aforesaid, and also at or near to the Termination of the fat'd Navigation or Canal, or at or near the publick Road adjoining the said Place called Four Mills near Creditor! aforesaid, for the Purpose of making a Bason or Basons, or Pen or Pens of Water, for the Reception of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, and may thereon erect, or cause to be erected, any Warehouses, Cranes, Weighing Beams, Watch Houses, and other Buildings, so as no such Lands and Grounds so taken and made use of by the said Proprietors, or their Successors, for the Purposes aforesaid,

/hall contain more than Two Acres for any one Bason or Pen of Water, or for the Warehouses, Cranes, Weighing Beams, Watch Houses, and other Buildings to be erected near to any such Bason or Pen of Water.

VII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained NoBelealS shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Company on the ' ow-of Proprietors, or their Successors, to erect or build any House, or other Building, (other than Warehouses, Toll Houses, Cottages, Stables, and Navigation. Watch Houses, for the Use of the said intended Navigation, Canal, or

Cuts, and the Horsesand Men who shall be employed thereon respectively, on the Towing Paths belonging to the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively), or to convert or employ any Water which shall be brought into or discharged out of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts, or any of them, or any Trenches or Sluices hereby authorized to be made, for the tjfe of any Mill or Mills hereafter to be erected near the fame; or to cut down any Timber Wood, Bru/h Wood, or Under Wood upon any of the Estates or Lands through or into which the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts, Trenches, Sluices, Roads, Passages, Works, or Conveniences, or any Part thereof respectively, shall be made, except such Timber Wood,

Bru/h Wood, or Under Wood, as shall grow or be in or upon any of the Lands or C.sounds which mall be taken or used for the making or improving of the said Navigation, Canal, Cuts, Towing Paths, Trenches,

Sluices, Roads, Passages, or Conveniencies respectively as aforesaid; and the Proprietors of the respective Lands and Grounds on which such Timber Wood, Bru/h Wood, or Under Wood, shall (land or be growing

at

t°44

if old Ro3tls are destroyed, flew ones to be ir.ade.

plan and Book, of Reference ro remain with the Clerk of the Peace.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, their Heirs or Assigns, shall have it in their Election to take such Timber Wood, Brulh Wood, or UnderWood respectively when felled or cut down by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, at such Price or Value as the fame respectively shall have been estimated at or purchased by the said Company of Proprietors, which. 1 Timber Wood, Brulh Wood, or Under Wood so to be felled by the raia Company of Proprietors, or their Succdfors. or by their Order, shall and may be ca. i icd and conveyed upon any Part of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, free from ail Rates to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act; but in case the same shall not have been ctlimated at or purchased by them upon a Valuation separate and diliind from the Lands or Grounds upon which the same shall respectively grow, then at such Price or Value as shall be agreed on for that Purpose between such Proprietors or Owners of Lands, and the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, or their Agents; and if any House or other Building (except as herein-before excepted), shall be erected upon any such Towing Paths, without the Consent of the Person or Persons who was or were Owner or Owners of the Lands or Grounds used for such Towing Paths, at the Time of letting out or making the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons who was or were Owner or Owners of the Lands or Grounds used for such Towing Paths at the Time of setting out or malting the same as aforesaid, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, to take, pull down, and remove such Houses and other Buildings, (except as herein-before excepted), without being guilty of Trespass, or being liable to any Action or Prosecution for so doing.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as it shall be found necessary by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, to make or cut through any Carriage or Ilorfe Road, be the lame publick or private, or so much injure the fame, as to render the fame impassable or inconvenient for Carriages or Horses, or the Persons entitled to the Use and Benefit thereof, the said Company of Proprietors, or their SuccefTofs, shall at their own Expence, before any such Road Drill be taken, cut through, or injured, as aforesaid, cause a good and fulEcient Carriage or Ilorfe Road (as the Case may be) to be set out and made instead (hereof, and shall put, or cause to be put, the fame in good and fulficieat Repair and Condition.

IX. And whereas a Survey has been taken to ascertain the Practicability

of making the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts, and a Map or Plan, describing the Line of the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts, and the Lands through which the fame is intended to be made, together with a Book of Reference, containing a List of the Names of the Ow ners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Devon; be it therefore further enacted, That such Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, and that all Persons shall, at any seasonable Times, have Liberty to inspect and peruie the fame, or make Extracts from or Copies of trie fame, as Occasion shall require, nt their Will, and Pleasure, paying to the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for such Examination, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts.

41° GEORGII ni. Cap.Gi.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, in) making the said intended Navigation, Canal, and Cuts, shall not deviate from the Course or Direction delineated in the said Map or Plan, and set.forth in the said Book of Reference, without the Cohfent ^nd Approbation, in Writing, of the Person or Persons to whom any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall respectively belong, into, through, or over which any Deviation is desired to be made; but nothing herein contained shall extend to restrain or prevent the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, from making any Deviation from the said Course or Direction of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts, in case all the Persons to whom the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments to be cut through or made use of for the.Purposes of such Deviation, shall belong, shall consent thereto.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, and, diear Successors, shall and may make and improve the said intended Navigation, Cana), Cuts, or Deviations from the same, and from the said Towing Paths, into, through, across, or over the Estates, Lands, or (founds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, into whose Estates, Lands, or Grounds, such Deviations as aforesaid shall extend, although their Names be not mentioned in the said Book of Reference; dr into the Estate or Estates, Lands or Grounds, of any Person or Persons whose Name or Names shall appear to have been by Mistake omitted in the said Book of Reference; or that, instead thereof, the Name or Names of some other Person or Persons, to whom such last-mentioned Estates, Lands, or Grounds do not belong, hath or have been by Mistake inserted therein; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That after any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be set out and ascertained for making and improving the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, and the Aqueducts, Reservpirs, and Basons. or Pens of Water thereto belonging, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for providing and constructing the Wharfs and other Work? and Conveniences herein-mentioned, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, or Collegiate, Corporate, Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trust, for charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Perfotjs whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their CeftuiqueTrufts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Ideots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested, in their own Right, or entitled to Dower, or other Interest therein, and for every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so set out and ascertained, for the Purposes aforesaid, to contract for, fell, and convey the fame, and every Part thereof, unto the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors; and all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be made at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors and^ their Successors, and such of them as shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, shall be made according to the following Form; videlicet:

\Loc. & Per/] la I I

lo45

Not to deviate without Con.

sent.

Land Owner* Name* omitted in the Book of Reference not to obstrutf the Improvement of the Navigation.

Bodies Politick, tic. empowered to lirll and convey Lands.

Contract* and Sales ro be made at the Expence of the Company.

1046

Form of Con vcyance to the Company,

Company empowered ro je-fell Lands, which may not be wan ted.

But the Persons ft om whom such Lands were purchifed to nave the first Offer.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

of in Consideration of the Sum of

‘ to paid [or in Confide ra-

‘ tion of the annual Rent of to be hereafter yielded

‘ and paid by Yearly or Half Yearly Payments, at may be agreed upon] ‘ by the Company of Proprietors of the Exeter and Crediton Navigation, ‘ do hereby grant and release to the said Company of Proprietors and ‘ their Successors, all [describing the Premises to be cotvveyid] and all

my Right, Title; and Interest to and in the fame, and every Part thereof? ‘ to hold to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors for every

by virtue and according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of

Parliament, made in the Forty-firit Year of the Reign of King George

thg Third, intituled, yin Ail [insert the Title of this Act]: In Witness ‘ whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this

Day of in the Year of our Lord

And if the Premises are Leasehold for Years, they shall be aligned by a Form answerable to the above, only substituting the Words applicable to the Alignment of a Chattel; which said Conveyances shall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, who shall from Time to Time when requeued, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons requiring the fame, and shall have and receive Sixpence for every One hundred Words of each such attested Copy, and so in Proportion for any less Number of Words; and every such Conveyance to be made by virtue of this Act, in the Form and Man. ner aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture under their common Seal, absolutely to grant and convey such Part or Parts of the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased by and conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors as aforesaid for the Purposes of this Act, as shall not be wanted by them, or necessary to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act; and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the said Lands and Premises, as and for a Way or Ways, Avenue or Avenues, Passage or Passages, and that all such Conveyances from the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors shall be valid and effectual, any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Rents, or Premises, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be fold, which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which such Lands, Rents, or Premises shall be fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be expressed to be received; and such Person or Persons shall not be answerable for any Losses, Misapplication, or Non-application, of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof: Provided always, That the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands and Hereditaments,.shall first offer to re-fel! the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased 4 the

, \ st [,v.l\ v;

1047

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6i,

the fame; and in case Rich Person.-or Persons shall not then, and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to re-purchase the fame, any Affidavit*. to be made and sworn before a Mafttnr Extraordinary in the High Coiirt of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Ju(Vices of the Peace for the County where such Lands or Hereditaments shall lie, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, hating that such Offer was made by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was lo made, shall be in all Courts whatsoever sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was not agreed to or was reful'ed by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be.

XIV. Providied always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Body Satiation or Bodies Politick,. Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees, or other Persons 10 raade’ herein capacitated to fell or convey Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, or any other Owner or Owners, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands, Waters, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which shall or may b« taken, used, affect«d, or prejudiced by the Execution of

any of the Powers hereby granted, may accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of such Lands, Waters, Tenements, and Hereditaments-, and for the Damages to be sustained by making and completing the said Works herein directed to be made, either in gross Sums, or by annual Rents, as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Parties interested respectively, or any of them, and the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, or as the same shall be ascertained and settled in such Manner, by a Jury, as is herein directed; and all such yearly Rents or Sums as shall be agreed and yrarly on between the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, and the said Parties interested in such Lands, Waters, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or as shall be so ascertained and settled by such Jury, shall be charged on the Rates arising by virtue of this Act, and shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, either Yearly or Half Yearly, as the same shall be agreed to become due and payable; and in case the same shall not be paid within Thirty Days next after the same shall so become due and payable, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon, and they are hereby required, by an Order under their Hands, to appoint One or more Persons or Person to receive the Rates hereby granted and made payable, and to pay the same to such Person or Persons to whom such annual Rents or Sums shall be due and unpaid as aforesaid, the said Justices taking such Security from every such Person for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, as they shall judge proper and sufficient; and every such Person so appointed shall be deemed a Collector of the said Rates, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting the fame, and shall receive and retain thereout such reasonable Satisfaction for his Trouble therein, as the said Justices shall determine, in like Manner as if he had been appointed a Collector of the said Rates, by the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, until such annual Rents or Sums, with all Costs and Damages occasioned by the Non-payment thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid; or it shall and may be lawful to and for such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons to whom such annual Rents or Sums shall be due and owing as aforesaid, to sue for and recover the fame, with

, Costs

1048

If Parties are

tiillamhcd. Value to be ascertained by a Jury.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, or otherwise to seize and distrain any Boats, Barges, Vessels, or other Goods or Effects of the said Company of Proprietors or their SuccefTon, which shall be found upon the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts, or in or upon the Wharfs, Quays, Warehouses, or other Works thereto belonging, (Information of such Distress being immediately given to the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, by Notice in Writing, delivered to iome of their Clerks or Collectors of the Rates, or affixed to Lome of their Wharfs or Quays near to the Place where such Distress was made), and to detain the fame until Payment of such annual Rents or Sums then due and owing, together with the reasonable Charges attending such Distress; and if such Distress shall not be redeemed within Five Days next after making the same, and Notice thereof given in Writing as aforesaid; then such Goods or Effects so distrained, shall and may be sold or disposed of in such Manner as the Law directs, in case of a Distress for Rent.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any such Body Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, cannot agree with the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors respecting the Purchase of or the annual Rent for any Lands, Waters, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the Satisfaction to be made for any Damages that may from Time to Time be sustained by him, her, or them, by the making and maintaining of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts, or of any Part or Parts thereof, or of any of the Works thereunto belonging, and shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, requiring a Jury to be summoned for the Purpose of determining such Purchase, annual Rent, or Satisfaction; or if any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons, shall, upon Notice in Writing given by the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, to the Principal Officer of any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at the last or usual Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditaments to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or by Reason of Absence, or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability by Nonage, Coverture, or other Impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or make such Agreement or Agreements as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises which they respectively are or shall be in Possession of, and to the Interest which they respectively claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, then and in every, or any or either of the said Cases, the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or their Committee to be from Time to Time appointed in the Manner herein-after mentioned, shall, within Twenty Days after the Receipt of such Notice by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or of the said Committee, in case Security in Manner herein required shall be given, or after the Expiration of Twenty Days after the Delivery of such Notice by the said Clerk (as the Case may be), and they are hereby

1049

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6i.

hereby required from Time to Time to apply to Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon, (not interested in the Matter in Question), who are hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to the Sheriff of the said County of Devon for the Time being; arid in case ai!y fetch Sheriff or his TJn-der Sheriff shall be One of the Company of Proprietors, or enjoy any Office of Profit or Trull under them, or shall be'otherwise interested in the Matter in Quell ion, then to any One of the Coroners of such County who shall not be so interested as aforesaid; and in case all the said Coroners of such County shall be so interested, then to the last Person who filled the Office of Sheriff of such County then in being, and who shall not be interested as aforesaid, commanding such Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person, to im-pannel, fumtnon, and return a Jury, and the said Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person is hereby required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four sufficient and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm to be returned for the Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to appear before the said Justices at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, such Time not being less than Fourteen nor more than Twenty-one Days after such Warrant shall be served upon the said Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at the Time and Place so to be appointed as aforesaid, the said Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, (being so qualified as aforesaid), to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve-; and every such Jury and Juryman shall be liable and subject to the fame Regulations, and to the fame Pains and Penalties for Default, as if he and they had been returned for the Trial of any Issue joined in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, and' all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Justices are hereby empowered and required by a Summons cr Notice under their Hands and Seals, either previous to, or at the Time of any such Meeting or Meetings, to summon and call before them, all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching the Matters in Question, and to hear and examine fm*.Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to administer), and the said Justices as aforesaid shall and may, if required so to do by any of the Parties, order and authorize the said Jury, Or any Six or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter or Matters in Question; which Jury upon their Oaths, (which Oaths, as-well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the fame Justices are hereby required and empowcj-ed to administer), shall esquire of, assess, and ascertain the Sum of Money or annual Rent to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or the Recompence to be made for the Damages that shall or may be sustained as aforesaid,-land shall assess separate Damages;for-,tlje lame; and the said justices shall give Judgement for such Purchase Monies, Rent, or Recompence, so to be assessed by such Jury; which said Verdictit, and the Judgement thereupon pronounced, as aforesaid, /half be signed by the said Jury and the said Justices respectively, and shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Personst,

1 £I.oc. & Per. J n A' and

1050

£ines upon Sheriffs, etc. making Default.

Punishinft Person-j guilty of Perjury.

Pxpences of Witnesses and Jury by whom to be p »id.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or other Process, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or any other Court; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Sheriff, or other Person so directed to summon and return a Jury as aforesaid, or his Deputy or Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons interested in the Matter in Question; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury, shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or to give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty contrary to the true Intent of this Act, or if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined, or to give Evidence, every Person so offending, having no reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the said Justices, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds to be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering to such Person the Overplus, after such Penalty and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted, and every such Penalty which shall be paid by, or recovered from, any Person who shall have been summoned on such Jury or to give Evidence as aforesaid, shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall appear to the said Justices to be injured by the Default of such Person.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who, in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully give false Evidence before any such Jury, or before any Justices of the Peace acting as such, in the Execution of this Act, shall and may be pro. fecuted for the fame, and upon Conviction thereof, shall be liable to the fame Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are, by the Laws in being, subject and liable to.

t HjiV'

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in each and every Cafe where a Verdict shall be given for more Money, or for a greater annual Rent, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the absolute Sale of any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, of any Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or of any Person or Persons whomsoever, or as a Compensation for any Damages done, or to be done, to any Lands, Waters, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or other Property than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or where any Verdict shall be found for any Damages, where the Dispute is for Damages only, and where no Compensation had been previously offered or tendered in respect thereof, by and on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors; or where, by Reason of Absence in Foreign Countries, or other Impediment or Disability as aforesaid, there shall not be found any Person or Persons at hand, who may be legally capacitated to enter into a Contraft with, and make Conveyances to, and receive C-ompensations from, the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, as herein-mentioned, then, and in all such Cases, all the Expen css

1051

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

pences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, shall be settled , by the said Justices, who are hereby required to examine into and settle the fame, and shall be defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors; but if any Verdict shall be given for the same Sum or Rent, that had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, or for a less Sum than had been so previously offered; or in case no Damages shall be given by the Verdict, where the Dispute is for Damages only, or in case of such Refusal or Neglect to enter into Treaty with, or make Conveyances to, or receive Compensations from, the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, or in case of such Inability to evince a clear Title to the Satisfaction of the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, by any Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are by the Provisions of this Act, or otherwise, legally capacitated to treat and convey, or receive such Compensation as aforesaid, then and in all such Cases the Colls and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, shall be settledin like Manner by such Justices, and be bornCand paid by the Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons with whom the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors shall have such Concerns, Controversies, or Disputes; which said Costs and Expences having been so settled, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assess'ed and adjudged; but if it shall happen to exceed the feme, then the Balance may be recovered by the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, against the Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons with whom they shall have had such Concern, Controversy, or Dispute, by an Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body or BodiesPolitick, Persons re-Corporate, or Collegiate, and Person or Persons requesting a Jury to be summoned, shall (before such Warrant shall be issued for that Purpose) en- into Bjn<ts to ter into a Bond with Two sufficient Sureties to the Clerk or Treasurer to Pruf"u"-the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, in a Penalty of One hundred Pounds with Condition to bear and pay the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, in case the same shall be given for no greater or for a less Sum or Rent than had been offered, by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, before the summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries, for the Purchase of or as a Recompence for any Lands, Waters, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or as a Compensation for any Damages, or in case no Verdict shall be found for Damages, where the whole Dispute was, whether any Damage was or was not done as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices shall not, nor shall Notice of in-any of them be obliged or allowed, by virtue of this Act, to receive or take <o°Pro-g'" Notice of any Complaint or Complaints to be made by any Person or prictors. Persons whomsoever, for any Injury or Damage by him, her, or them sustained, or supposed to be sustained by virtue or in consequence of this Act,

unless

1052

t

What Satisfaction to be made for Tithes.

Value of Lands and Damages to he ascertained separately.

Verdins to be recoided.

Power to enter and take Possession of Lands, £?r. on Payment or Tender of Purchase Money.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

unless Application shall have been made in relation thereto, by or oil Behalf of such Person or Persons, to the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, or their Committee, or to their Treasurer or Clerk, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Time that such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have ceased.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That full Recompence, Satisfaction, and Compensation shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, for all the Tithes, both Great and Small, of the Lands which shall or may be taken or made use of by the said Company, for the Purposes and in pursuance of the Powers of this Act, to the respective Persons entitled, or who would have been entitled to such Tithes, in case such Lands had not been so taken or made use of, according to their respective Interests therein, such Tithes to be estimated at the average Value of Five Years, commencing at Michaelmas Day, One thousand seven hundred and fiinety-five, such average Value to be aficertained (in case of any Difference concerning the same), in like Manner as the Value of any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments is herein-before directed to be ascertained: Provided always, That the Recompence and Satisfaction to be given by virtue of this Act, for all Glebe Lands and Tithes belonging to Spiritual Persons, shall be made to such Persons by an annual Rent.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Juries shall, in all their Verdicts, distinguish the Value set upon the Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, and the Money assessed or adjudged for such Damages as any Person or Persons shall sustain, in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, separately and apart from each other.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Verdict so given, shall be transmitted to, and be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, or other Persons having the Custody of the Records of the Quarter Sessions for the said County where such Verdict shall be given, and shall be deemed to be Records of such Quarter Sessions, to all Intents and Purposes; and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, and all Persons shall have Liberty to insped the fame, paying for such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling, and to have Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment, or legal Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money, or Security being given under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, for the due Payment of any such annual Rent as shall have been contracted or agreed for between the Parties, or assessed by such Juries, and adjudged by such Justices, in Manner aforesaid, for the Purchase of any such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or as a Recompence for the yearly Produce or Profits thereof, or as a Compensation for Damages, as here in-mentioned, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands, Waters, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be interested therein, or entitled to receive such Money, Rent, or Compensation respectively, at any Time after the same shall have been so agreed for, determined, or assessed j

' 1 ot

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6j. 1053

Or if the Person or Persons so entitled of interested, or any of them, in the find Lands or Hereditaments shall not he able to make a good Title thereto, to the Satisfaction of the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, or shall refuse to receive the Sum or Sums of Money awarded to him, her, or them by the said Jury, or to execute a Conveyance, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or shall refuse to receive the same, then, in any or either of the said Cases, on leaving or depositing the Money, if the same shall be equal to, or exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds in the Bank of England, or in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company of Pro. prietors, in case the same shall be less than the Sum of One hundred Pounds, for the Use of such Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, and in all or any of the said Cases, as often as the same shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, and their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, immediately to enter upon such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments respectively, (or before such Payment or Tender, by Leave of the Owners and Occupiers thereof), and then and thereupon, such Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate, Use, Trust, and Interest of any Person or Persons therein, shall from thenceforth be veiled in, and become the sole Property of the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, to and for the Purposes of this Act for ever; and such Tender, Payment, or Deposit shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and confttued to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Person, and all Estates Tall, and other Estates in Reversion and Remainder of his, her, or their Iffhe, and of every other Person whomsoever therein: Provided nevertheless, That before such Payment, Security, Tender, or Deposit made or given as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors or their > Successors, or any Person acting under their Authority, to dig or cut, or otherwise alTect the Lands or Grounds, or to take down- remove, or otherwise afteft any Tenement or other Here, ditafnent of the Person or Persons entitled to such Payment or Security, for the Purpose of making the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or any of the Works thereto belonging j without the Leave and Consent of such Person or Persons respectively.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Lands, Tenements, For paying or Hereditaments, to be taken or made use of by the said Company of mtgnge* Proprietors or their Successors, shall be in Mortgage to any Person or lake, b, the Persons whomsoever, then and in such Case, the said Company of Pro. Company, prietors or their Successors shall, and they are hereby required to1 pay, or cause to be paid, to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their1 Executors or Administrators, upon Application in Writing made to the said Company of Proprietors, or to their Committee,- or to their respective Clerk or Clerk’s:-Agfled by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been so agreed for, ascertained, or determined as aforesaid, for the Use or Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and such Sum or Sums of Money, when so paid, shall be, and be deemed to be, in Discharge of Part of the Principal Money due on such Mortgage or Mortgages, and Acknowledgement of the Receipt thereof shall be made by In-[Loc. & Per.2 12 L dorfement

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

dorfement on the Mortgage Deed or Deeds, signed by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators respectively, in the Presence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and such Indorsement shall be, and be deemed to be, a full and sufficient Discharge to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, from the Mortgagor or Mortgagors, and Mortgagee and Mortgagees respectively, and his, her, or their respective Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, and also a full and sufficient Discharge of the Mortgagor or Mortgagors, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, from the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for so much Money as shall be expressed in such Indorsement.

Application of

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or wherfeq^uaUo awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Tim-Two hundred berwood, Brushwood, or Underwood, purchased, taken, or used by Pounds. virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Ideot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in Strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the said Company of Proprietors, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Timberwood, Brushwood, or Underwood, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authe-rize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Timberwood, Brushwood, or Underwood which shall be purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or, such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said’ Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the

Dividends

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6*. 1055

Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the l-’erson or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Timberwood, Brulhwood, or Underwood, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed

or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Tim- compensation berwood, Brulhwood, or Underwood, purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person hundred or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum ty Pound*, of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, Timberwood, Brulhwood, or Underwood, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or other-- wife the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Company, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so as the Case be applicable without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancer)-.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so ^PP'=c"eon agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Money i« left Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the p'*"nJkwcntjr Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of thd Hereditaments, Timberwood, Brulhwood. or Underwood so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Company shall think fit, or in cafeof Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Damage* not

sustain any Damage in his, her, or their Lands, Waters, Tenements, j'

or other Hereditaments, by Reason of the Execution of any of the Powers

given by this Act, and through or by Means not herein provided for, then and in every such Case, such Damages shall be so settled by the said Company of Proprietors* or their Committee, or by a Jury as aforesaid, and the fame may be recovered, levied, and applied in Maimer herein directed with regard to other Damages.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and ,9

Lor the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, to raise and foim.kmUiie

i contribute c,nil »dln*>

provcfiunti.

jo56 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

contribute amongst themselves, in such Proportions as they shall think propeT, a Sum of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Twenty-one thousand four hundred Pounds, (except as herein-after mentioned), which fqjd Sum of Money shall be laid out and applied, in the First Place, in discharging the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of the Plans and Estimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, and then for and towards the making, completing, improving, and maintaining the said Navigation, Caftal, and Cuts respectively, and the Feeders, Basons, Aqueduds, Ways, Roads, Bridges, Quays, Wharfs, and all other Works and Conveniences belonging or requisite thereto, and otherwise for putting this Act in Execution; and that the said Sum of Twenty-one thousand four hundred Pounds shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each, and that the said Shares shall be, and are hereby vested in the several Persons so subscribing, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionably to the Sums they shall severally raise and contribute, and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severally subscribe for One or more Share or Shares, or such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, towards carrying on and completing the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, and other the Purposes of the said Subscription, shall be entitled to and receive the entire and net Distribution of an equal propor-tionable Part, according to the Money so by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue by the Rates, Tolls, and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received, by the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, by the Authority of this Act; and every Body Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Person and Persons, having such Property in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the fame in Manner herein directed and appointed.

3h»r« to he

XXXI. And be it further enaSerl, That all and every the Shares and Pro-' " portions of all Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all other Person and Persons, of and in the said Navigation, Canaj, and Cuts re-fjpectively, or the Joint Stock or Fund of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be, and be deemed to be Personal Estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the Nature of real Property.

SiiWcrbers to

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Body Politick, Corporate, or

for'vt.-y° e Collegiate, and every Person who shall by virtue of this Act have sub-

S.i-irr. feribed or undertaken for One Share in the said Undertaking, his, her,

or their respective Stlceeiiors, Executors^ AdministratoTS, and Assigns, shall have a Vote in the several Assemblics to be holden as herein appointed for carrying on the said Undertaking for every such Share, but no* exceeding Five Votes in the Whole, although possessed of more than Five Shares; which Vote or Votes may be given by them, him, cr her, or by their, his, or her Proxies or Proxy, constituted under the Seal of such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or the Hand of such other Person, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good and sufficient to all Intents and Purposes as if such Principal had voted in Person, and every Question, Matter, or Thing which shall be proposed, difeufled, or confi-

dered

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61. *57

dered in any general or special Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then present, computing One Vote to every Share: Provided nevertheless, That no Person shall act as Proxy for more than Five absent Proprietors, the Appointment of which Proxies may be made according to the Form following;

4 r A.B. of One of the Proprietors Form of Ap-

4 of the Exeter and Crediton Navigation, do hereby nominate, confli- p°0"t,e>lU ot

tute, and appoint C.D. of

4 to be my Proxy, in my Name, and in my Absence, to vote or give my Assent or Diflent to any Business, Matter, or Thing, relating to the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts, that shall he mentioned or proposed at any Assembly of the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation,

4 Canal, or Cuts, in such Manner as he the said C.D. shall think pro- per, according to his Opinion and Judgement, for the Benefit of the said

Navigation, Canal, and Cuts, or any Thing appertaining thereto. In 4 Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand the

4 Day of

And at every General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, One of the Proprietors present shall be appointed Chairman, and shall not only vote as a Proprietor or Proxy, but in case of an Equality of Votes, shall have the calling or decisive Vote.

xxxiii. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money herein- Proprietors before authorized to be raised shall be found insufficient for the making, 222*son»|,n completing, and maintaining of the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts Sum, if ne-respectively, and other the Works hereby authorized to be made, and ceffal> all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, then, and in such Case, the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, shall have full Power, and they are hereby authorized to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in Manner and Form aforesaid, and in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem meet, or to raise, by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Ten thousand seven hundred Pounds; and every Person, Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, subscribing towards railing such further or other Sum of Money,

shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote by himself, herself, or themselves, or his, her, or their Proxy or Proxies in respect of every One hundred Pounds of the said additional Sum so to

be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and (land interested

in all the Profits of the said Undertaking, in Proportion to the Sum he, she, or they shall or may subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for and raised had originally been Part of the said Sum of Twenty one thousand four hundred Pounds.

XXXIV. Provided always, That in case the said Company of Proprietors, Power r»if« or their Successors, or the Committee to be appointed by virtue of j^on'v b>’

this Act, shall be desirous of raising the said Sum of Ten thousand seven °' ia£C'

hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or their Committee, to borrow and take up 4 [fee. is1 Per.] 12 M at

1058

Form of Mortgage.

Form t>f Transfer.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

at Interest, all or any Part of the said Sum of Ten thousand seven hundred Pounds, on the Credit of the Rates of the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, and to assign the Property of the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, and the Rates arifxng or to arise to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, (the Coils and Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such Rates), as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with Interest to such Person or Persons, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees who shall advance the fame; all which said Alignments shall be made under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ r> Y virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-first Year of the ‘ Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act [Insert the Title of ‘ this Act], We, the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation, incorporated by and imder the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of

‘ to us in Hand paid by A.B. of

do hereby bargain, fell, and assign

‘ unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, and all and Angular the

Rates arising and payable to us by virtue of the said Act, and all our

Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, of, in, and to the fame, to hold ‘ unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns until the said Sum of with Interest for

‘ the fame after the Rate of per Centum per Annum,

shall be fully paid and satisfied. Given under our Common Seal, this

Day of

And all Persons to whom such Assignments shall be made, shall be equally entitled, one with the other, to their Proportion of the said Rates and Premises according to the respective Sums in such Assignments mentioned to be advanced, without any Preference by Reason of Priority of any such Assignments, or on any other Account; and a Memorial of every such Alignment, containing the Date, Name or Names, Addition or Additions, of the Person or Persons to whom made, the Sum of Money borrowed and Rate of Interest, shall, within Thirty Days from the Date of every such Assignment, be entered in One or more Bookor Books tobe kept by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, which Book or Books shall and may be perused at all seasonable Times by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Undertaking, and any other Persons interested therein, without Fee or Reward; and the Person or Persons to whom any such Assignment shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money due thereon, shall and may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right or Interest therein, to any Person or Persons, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, in the Form or to the Effect following:

I A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum

‘ of paid by C.D. of

do hereby transfer a certain Mortgage made by the Company of

‘ Proprietors of the Exeter and Credit on Navigation, to ‘ bearing Date the Day of

e for securing the Sum of and all Interest now

1- ‘due

,059

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

i due and to become due thereon, and all my Right and Property therein,

to the said C.D. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

« Dated this Day of

And every such Transfer shall, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, be produced to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall cause a Memorial to be made thereof in like Manner as of the original Mortgages or Assignments, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, and every such Entry made of such Transfer shall from thenceforth entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit of the original Mortgage, and it shall not from thenceforth be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made such Assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the original Mortgage, or any Money thereby secured, or any Part thereof; and the Intered of the Mo- Interest of ney which shall be borrowed or raised by Mortgage as aforesaid, shall be rMw" ,v,l"re' provided for and paid half-yearly to the several Persons entitled thereto, Pa < i, Pre-before any Intered or Dividends due to the said Company of Proprietors to Dl‘ or their Successors, or any of them, shall be paid, made, or divided.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Sum or Sums of Notice to be Money so lent and advanced on Mortgage, shall be paid off and discharged, (save and except with the Consent or Consents of the Person or ney-Persons so lending and advancing such Sum or Sums of Money), unless Six Calendar Months previous Notice, under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, shall have been given to the Person or Persons lending and advancing such Sum or Sums of Money, or left at his,.her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, of such their Intention to pay off and discharge the same.

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person to whom any such Mort^acc-s

Mortgage or Assignment shall be made or transferred as aforesaid, shall be t*1,®",."* capable of acting or voting by virtue of such Mortgage or Assignment, onacco ntof either as Principal or by Proxy, at any Assembly or Meeting of the said

Company of Proprietors or their Successors, for or on Account of his

or her having lent or advanced any Money on the Credit of any such Assignment.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors Ftrit and G*-shall assemble on the Fourth Saturday after the passing of this Act, at the Alkm‘ Swan Tavern in the City of Exeter aforesaid, between the Hours of

Eleven in the Forenoon and One in the Afternoon, for the Purpose of putting this Act in Execution, and shall afterwards, on the Fourth Saturday in the Month of June in each and every Year, assemble at such Place and at such Hour, not being more than Five Miles distant from the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, as the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors shall at any Assembly appoint, and in case no Place or Hour shall have been so appointed, then such General Assembly shall be holden where the last General Assembly was holden.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprie- chairmrm to tors at their respective Assemblies shall and may appoint a Chairman, and b'-aPlK'"'tei!-such Chairman shall not only vote as a Proprietor or Proxy, but in case of

an Equality of VotesThall have the decisive or casting Vote.

io6o

Committee t fee appointed.

Proprietors may make ibyc Lawn

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6n

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall, at their said First General Assembly, nominate and appoint by Ballot Eleven Persons of and out of the Proprietors of the said Company, to be a Committee for the Management of the Concerns of the said Company, until the next General Assembly, to be holden on the Fourth Saturday in the Month of June then next ensuing, and the Powers of the said Committee shall then cease and determine, and the said Company of Proprietors affetnbled at such General Assembly shall proceed to the Nomination and Appointment of another Committee, or may appoint the said Committee, or any Member or Members thereof, and so in like Manner at every ensuing General Assembly, and the Powers of such Committee shall continue until the next General Assembly, and shall then cease and determine; but no Person holding any Place, Office, F.mployment, or Contract, under the said Company, shall be capable of serving upon any Committee during the Time of his Continuance in such Place, Office, or Employment, or holding such Contract: Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, at any Special Assembly, to be convened in Manner herein directed, to remove any Member of the said Committee, and to nominate another Person qualified as aforesaid, in the Room or Stead of every Member of the said Committee who shall die, be so removed, refuse to ad, or shall hold any Place, Office, Employment, or Con trad under the said Company, or shall cease to be a Proprietor in the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, and every Person so nominated by the said Special Assembly shall have the like Power and Authority, as if he had been nominated by the said General Assembly.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, at any General Assembly, to order and dispose of the Custody of their Common Seal, and the Use and Application thereof, and to make such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, for the good Government of the said Company, and of the said Committee, and of their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, and for the whole, complete, and total Superintendance and Management of the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, and of the Bargemen, Watermen, Boatmen, and others who shall navigate, or who shall convey any Timber, Stone, Goods, Wares, or any other Article or Thing, upon any Part of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines or Forfeitures upon all Persons who shall offend again!! any such Rules, Bye Laws, or Orders, as to them shall seem meet, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any Offence, which said Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, being reduced into Writing, under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, and being printed and affixed upon every public Wharf on the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, in some conspicuous Place,✓shall be binding upon, and observed by all Parties using, or in any Way concerned in the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to juffify all Persons who shall act under the lame, provided that they be not inconsistent with, or repugnant to the Laws of this Realm, or to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained, or to any of them; and all Accounts of Money received, laid out, and disbursed on Account of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, by the Treasurers, Receivers, or Collectors of the Rates, and

other

io6i

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6r.

other Officers by them appointed, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed by, or concerned for or under them, in and about the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or the Works thereto belonging, shall be laid before the said general Assembly to be audited and settled; but no Vote or Votes by Proxy shall be given, or have any Power in, or as to the Audit and Settlement of Accounts; and the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors shall have Power to adjourn themselves, from Time to Time, to such Place or Places as shall at such General Assemblies be thought proper and convenient.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at any such General Af- General Ar. fembly there shall not be Persons present, either as Principals or Proxies, [houfingfor who shall be possessed of or entitled unto at leaf! Twenty-five Shares in Committees the said Undertaking, no Choice of any Committee, nor any Removal of any Person or Persons from any such Committee, nor any Election of any '5 Person or Persons in the Room of such of the Members of any such Committee who shall die or decline to act, shall be made at that Time; but in such Case, there shall be another General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors at the same Place, upon or before that Day Fortnight, and if there shall not then be present Persons possessing Twenty-five Shares, then another Meeting shall be appointed that Day Fortnight, and if there shall not frill be assembled Persons possessing Twenty-five , Shares, then the exifring Committee shall continue to act till the Fourth Saturday in the Month of June then next ensuing, (when the next stated annual Assembly will take place), and the Persons chosen at such of those intermediate Meetings to be of fuejh Committee shall have the fame Powers which they would have had, and shall continue in such Office until such Time as they would have dope, had they been chosen by any General Assembly on the Day first appointed for holding the fame; and in case of Failure of the assembhng of a sufficient Number of Proprietors having such Shares as Principals or Proxies at such General Assembly, every Proprietor who shall not attend such Second or Third General Assembly, in Person or by Proxy, shall forfeit to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, for every Share which he or she shall possess in the said Undertaking, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be deducted out of his or her next succceding Payment of Interest or Dividends of the Profits of the said Undertaking, as the Case may happen; and in case no Interest or Dividends shall be payable to such Person or Persons making Default as aforesaid, within Six Calendar Months next after the making of such Default, then the Payment of the said Forfeiture of Twenty Shillings may be recovered and enforced by the Ways and Means herein-after appointed for the Recovery of any other of the Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act.

XLn. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear that Atftmbly of for the more effectually putting this Act into Execution, a Special Affem- Proprietor* bly of the said Company of Proprietors is necessary to be holden, it shall "Xbcon-" and may be lawful to and for any Five or more of the said Proprie- »entd. tors who may collectively be possessed of or entitled unto Ten Shares at leaf! in the said Undertaking, to cause Fourteen Days Notice at lead to be given thereof, in one or more Newspaper or Newspapers, printed and circulated in the said County, of Devon, or in such other Maimer as the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors shall at any General \Jm. & Per J 12 N Assembly

lobt 4.10 GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

Assembly direct or appoint, specifying in such Notice the Reason and Intention of requesting such Special Assembly, and the Time when and Place where the same shall be holden, which Place shall be within Five Miles of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively; and the Paid Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice, and such of them as shall be present shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given to the said Company of Proprietors, with respect to the Matters so specified only; and all such Acts of the Proprietors, or of the major Part of them, met together at every such Special Assembly (provided such major Part shall be posselfed of at least Twenty-five Shares in the said Undertaking, either as Principals or Proxies), shall be as valid with respect to the Matters specified in such Notice, as if the fame had been done at any General Assembly.

fembtytoete’a XL]H. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and »n<i appoint for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, at any General Af-

Oficers, fembly, and they are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time,

to nominate and appoint, under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, a Treasurer or Treasurers, and One or more Collector or Collectors of the Rates and Tolls herein allowed to be demanded and taken, and also One or more Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors, and also to such Committee, and such other Officers as to them and take Se- shall seem meet, granting to them respectively such Salary, and taking such them? 0m Security from such Treasurer, Clerk, Collector, or other Officer, having the Care or Custody of any Money to be raised or received by virtue of this Act, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors shall think proper; and such Clerk or Clerks shall, in a proper Book or Books to be provided by the said Company of Proprietors for that Purpose, enter and keep a true and per-fed Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and of the several Persons who shall from Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors of, or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of all Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions of the said Company of Proprietors and Committee respectively, and each of the said Proprietors of the said Undertaking shall and may at all convenient Times have recourse to, and peruse and insped the fame, paying for such Perusal and Inspection the Sum of One Shilling and no more, and may demand and have Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, paying for every One hundred Words, so to be copied, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion for any less Number of Words; and if any such Clerk or Clerks to the said Company or Committee shall refuse or neglect to permit any Proprietor or Proprietors, so interested as aforesaid, to insped and pe-rule such Book or Books of Proceedings, at all convenient Times and Sea-fons, or refuse to make any such Copy or Copies at the Rate or Price aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and in case, by Reason of any Negligence, Misconduct, or Inability, in any Treasurer, Collector, or Clerk, or other Officer to execute such Office or Offices, it shall be requisite to displace or remove him or them, then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietors assembled at any such General or Special Assembly as aforesaid, or for the Committee of the said Proprietors, to remove any such Treasurer, Collector, or Clerk; and in case any such Collector, Treasurer, or Clerk, or other Officer shall die, be removed from, or quit the Service of 8 the

1063

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

the said Company of Proprietors, or of the said Committee, then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors at their said General or Special Assemblies, or for the Committee of the said Proprietors, to appoint any other fit Person or Persons to execute such Office or Offices in the Place of the Person or Persons who shall so die, be removed from or quit the Sendee of the said Proprietors, or of the said Committee; but in case any such new Appointment be made by the said Committee, the same shall only continue until the next General or Special Assembly of the said Proprietors, when the Appointment of such Person or Persons to such respective Office or Offices, shall either be confirmed, or such other fit Person or Persons appointed to succeed to such Office or Offices as the said Proprietors at such General or Special Assembly may think proper.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and Persons Officen, Vc. so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, under their Hands, at such Time Jact u and Times, and in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or such Committee shall direct, deliver to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing, of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively received, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts and Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands, to the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or to such Committee, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint; and if. any such Officer or Person shall refuse to produce or deliver up such Receipts or Vouchers, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or to such Committee, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or by such Committee, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies, as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands to the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or to such Committee, or as they respectively shall direct or appoint, then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, may and are hereby authorized and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, or if Complaint shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or by such Committee, or by such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Two or mere of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall be and re-fide, such Justices may, and are hereby authorized and required, by a

Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer

or

1064

powers of Committees*

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

or Officers, Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before them, and upon his or their appearing, or not fending some sufficieut Excuse to the Satisfaction of the said Justices, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if, upon the Confession of the Party "or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witness'es upon Oath, (which Oath such Justices are hereby authorized and required to administer), it shall appear to such justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may, and are hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Good* and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons can be found, sufficieut to answer and satisfy the said Money, and rite Charges of taking and levying the fame, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall still perfilt in refusing or neglecting to deliver Up all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, to the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or to such Committee, or as they shall respectively appoint, then, and in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Goal for the said County of Devon, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or with the said Committee, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they respectively shall appoint, and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Company of Prdprietors, or their Successors, or to such Committee.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That no Resolution shall be taken, or Business done, (except for the Purpose of Adjournment), at any of the Meetings of the said Committee, unless Five Persons of such Committee shall be present, and that no Member of the said Committee shall have more than One Vote in any Committee, and at every Meeting a Chairman shall be chosen by and out of the said Committee, who in cale of an Equality of Votes upon any Question which may be agitated in the said Committee, shall have the casting Vote, although he may have given One Vote before; and that all the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in or directed to be exercised by the said Committee, may be done and exercised by the major Part of them present at their respective Meetings, the whole Number present not being less than Five; and every such Committee shall, from Time to Time, make Reports of their Proceedings to the said General Assemblies, and if required to the said Special Assemblies of the Proprietors, and shall obey their Orders and Directions, and the said Committee shall (subject nevertheless at all Times to such Orders and Directions as aforesaid) meet at such Times and Places, and shall from Time to Time adjourn themselves to such other Times and Places, as they shall think fit; and in order to defray the Expences of their Meetings, the said Committee shall, from Time to Time, receive out of the Capital Stock of the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be directed, adjusted, and settled, by the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, and the said Committee

1065

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

raittee shall and may contrail for, and agree for the Purchase of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, that may be taken or used for the Purposes of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, and the Works thereunto belonging, and shall and may settle, determine, and adjust, all Matters, Questions, and Differences which shall or may arise between the said Company of Proprietors, and the several Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments which shall or may be taken, used, damaged, or affected by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, which Contrails and Determinations shall be binding on the said Company of Proprietors; and shall and may make Agreements, Contrails, and Bargains, with the Workmen, Agents, Undertakers, and other Persons employed or concerned in making, improving, and completing, the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, and all and every Part or Parts thereof, and of the Works thereunto appertaining or belonging, which shall also be binding on the said Company of Proprietors; and the said Committee shall (subject nevei theless to the Orders and Directions of such Assemblies as aforesaid,) have full Power and Authority to direct and manage all and every the Affairs of the said Company ot Proprietors and their Successors; and the said Committee shall, by them- selves or their Clerk or Clerks aforesaid, keep a full and true Account of all Money disbursed, and Payments made by the said Committee, and by all and every Person and Persons employed by or under them, and of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which they shall receive on Behalf or in Respect of the said Undertaking, from any Collector or Collectors of the said Rates, or other Officer or Officers, or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed in, or having any Concern, Dealings, or Transactions with the said Undertaking, or in or with any Part or Parts 1 thereof, and shall regularly by themselves, or their Clerk or Clerks as aforesaid, write, insert, and enter into a Book or Books, to be from Time to Time provided at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors for that Purpose, Notes, Minutes, or Copies (as the Case shall require) of every such Contract, Bargain, Receipt, and Disbursement, and of all other their Orders and Proceedings; which Book or Books shall be deposited with, and kept locked up under the Care and Direction of the said Committee, (provided always, that every Proprietor at all fcasonable Hours,

shall have free Access thereto for his or her Inspection); and the said Com- Committee* mittee shall have Power, from Time to Time, to make such Call or to make 11 *' Calls of Money from the Subscribers to, and Proprietors of, the said Navigation, Canal, and Undertaking, to defray the Expellees of, or to carry on the fame, as they from Time to Time shall find wanting and necessary for those Purposes, so that no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Share or Intered, which any Person or Persons shall or may be possessed of or entitled unto in the said Undertaking; and such Calls shall not be made but at the Distance of Three Calendar Months at lealt from each other, and Twenty-one Days Notice at the lead shall be given of all such Calls as aforesaid, by Advertisement in One or more Newspaper or Newspapers printed and circulated in the said County of Devon j and every Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her, or their rateable Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Place, as the said Committee shall, from Time to Time, appoint and direct; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse [Lee. Ss* Per.] 12 0 to

to66

Shares may be

forfeited, but no Advantage to be taken of Forfeiture, without per-ional Notice.

On the Death

of Subscribers before bhare completed. Executors may do it.

41° GEORGII lit. Cap. 6j.

to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part of the said Money so called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place appointed by such Committee, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, to sue for and recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Court* of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe; and in case such Person or Persons shall continue to neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable Calls as aforesaid, for the Space of Twenty-one Days next after the Time so appointed for Payment thereof, then he, she, or they, (o neg-lcfting or refusing, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shilling! for every Share, and in case such Person or Persons shall continue to neg-left or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable Calls as aforesaid, for tbs Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Time so appointed for Payment thereof, then he, she, or they, so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit his, her, or their respective Share and Snares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof; all-which Shares so forfeited shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, in Trust for, and for the Benefit of, all the Rest of the said Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, or (liali, at the Discretion of the said General or Special Assemblies, be publickly fold for the Use of the Rest of the said Proprietors, whose Shares and Interests shall not have been forfeited as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, That no such Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall be, or be deemed to be, incurred, save and except personal Notice of such Call or Calls in Writing, signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors or Committee, shall have been given to, or such Notice left at the usual Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares respectively, and the fame Share or Shares shall likewise be declared to be forfeited, at the next General or Special Assembly of the Company of Proprietors.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall happen to die before such Call or Calls shall have been made for the foil Sum to be advanced on any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall have been possessed of or entitled to, without having made Provision by Will or otherwise, how or in what Manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how or by what Means the future Calls in respect thereof shall be paid to the said Company of Proprietors for the Purpose of the said Undertaking, then and in such Case the Executors or Administrators of any such Owner so dying, or the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Lunatick or Lunaticks, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or of any other Person or Persons entitled to the Estate and F.tl'efts of such deceased Owner, shall be indemnified against all and every such Infant or Infants, and against all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on Account of his, her, or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money when called for as aforesaid to complete every such Subscription; and if such deceased Owner or Owners shall not have left Aftets sufficient, or in case the Executors or Administrators, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians, shall refuse or neglect to answer such Galls, the said Company of Proprietors shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, on Condition that he, she, or they so admitted, do and shall, on or before

1067

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

before such Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or to any other Person or Persons who may be entitled to his or her Effects, the full Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners in his, her, or their Life-time, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame can be sold for.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, she, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyance of which Shares shall or may be in the Form, or to the Effect following

I A.B. of in Consideration of

paid to me by C.D. of do hereby

‘ bargain, fell, assign, and transfer to the said C.D. the Sum of

Capital Stock, of and in the Exeter and Crediton Naviga-‘ tion, being Part [for the Whole, as the Case may be~\ of my Share or Shares ‘ in the said Undertaking: To hold to the said C.D. Execu-

tors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and

Restrictions, and on the fame Conditions that I held the fame immedi-

ately before the Execution hereof; and I the said C.D. do hereby agree

to take and accept the said Capital Stock or Share of

‘ subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. As

Witness our Hands and Seals, the Day

of

And on every such Sale the said Deed of Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Sellers, and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares) shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors shall have entered in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale for the Use of the said Company, and have testified or indorsed the Entry of such Memorial, on the said Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, and the said Clerk or Clerks is and are hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly; and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Share or Shares paid to him, her, or them^ nor any Vote in respect thereof, as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such Money shall have been made by such Committee as aforesaid, no Person or Persons shall fell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall possess in the said Undertaking, on Pain of forfeiting his, her, or their respective Share or Shares therein to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, in Trust, for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors, unless he, she, or they, at the Time of such Sale or Transfer, shall have paid and discharged, or shall then pay and discharge to the ' Treasurer

Shares may be

{oid-

Form of Conveyance of Share*.

After a Call, no Share to be sold until such Cali be paid.

io68

Regulations as to the Ac-qii'.litiou of Shares

by Marriage,

by Will, or ii Course of Ad liiinistration.

Company to admit Land, owners to Shares, up»n certain Conditions.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6t.

TYeafurer of the said Company of Proprietors, the whole and entire Sum of Money which Hull have been called for. upon each Share so fold or transferred, I pch Forfeiture nevertheless to be notified and declared a t a General or Special Assembly in Manner before directed.

XLIX. And, in Order to prevent Inconvenience by the frequent Change of the Right and Title to the Shares of and in the said Undertaking by the Marriage and Death of Proprietors, and the Difficulty in such Cases of ascertaining to whom the Dividends arising or becoming due upon such Shares ought to be paid and do belong; be it therefore enacted, That before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, in Right of Marriage, shall be entitled to receive the same, an Affidavit containing a Copy of the Register of such Marriage, or the Effect of such Register, shall be made and sworn to by feme credible Person before One of the Judges at Westminster, or a Master or Masters Extraordinary in Chancery, or any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon, and the said Judges, Mailer or Mailers Extraordinary in Chancery, and Justices of the Peace, are hereby authorized and empowered to swear any such Person to such Affidavit, and such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors for the Tiniebeing, who shall file the fame, and make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept by the said Clerk or Clerks for the Entry of Transfers and Sales of Shares in the said Undertaking; and that before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking by virtue of any Bequest or Will, or in a Course of Adirvinistration, shall be entitled to receive the same, the said Will, or the Probate Copy thereof, Hull be produced and shewn to the said Clerk, or an Affidavit containing a Copy of so much of such Will as shall relate to the Share or Shares of the Testator, or of the Letters of Administration, in case the Proprietor shall have died Intestate, shall be made and sworn to by an Executor or Executors of such Will, or by an Administrator or Administrators of the Estate and Effects, (as the Case may happen to be), before One of the Judges at Westminster, or Master or Masters Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon, and shall also be transmitted to the said Clerk or Clerks, who shall file and enter the fame in Manner herein mentioned.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who now is or are the Owner or Owners, or in the actual Possession, or entitled to the Rents and Profits of any of the Lands through which the Line of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts shall pass, or in which any Reservcir or Bason shall be made, (provided the Quantity of Land belonging to any such Person or Persons, Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, necessary to be made use of for such Purpose, shall amount to One Acre, or the Line of Navigation, Canal, or Cuts intended to pass through the Land of such Person or Persons, Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall extend to One Tenth Part of a Mile in Length), shall be desirous of becoming a Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Undertaking, and shall, by Notice in Writing under his or her Hand, or the Common Seal of such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to be delivered to the Clerk of the said (Company of Proprietors, within the Space of Two mnL T t Calendar

1069

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, signify his, her, or their Intention to become a Subscriber, and the Sum he, she, or they is or are willing to contribute and advance for or towards this Undertaking; then the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors are hereby required to admit every such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate to be a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking; and every such Person or Persons, and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall, after the Delivery of such Notice as aforesaid, be compellable to become a Subscriber or Subscribers, according to the Quantity of his, her, or their Land so to be taken and made use of for such Purpose as aforesaid; and the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, in case of Failure of Payment of the Money for any such Shares, for which such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate shall subscribe, in Proportion to what may have been paid by the other Proprietors, shall have Power to deduct the fame out of the Purchase Money for the Land to Ire taken and made use of for such Purpose as aforesaid; and after such Payment shall be made by or on Behalf of such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, he, Ihe, and they shall be united and incorporated, and be Part of the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be a Proprietor of a Share in the said Undertaking, for every One hundred Pounds of the Money which he, she, or they shall so pay, not exceeding One Share for One Acre in Quantity, or One Tenth Part of a Mile in Length of the Land so to be taken and used for the Purposes aforesaid,

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who is or are the Owner or Owners as aforesaid, shall refuse or decline to subscribe as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lessee or Lessees holding and being in Possession of any Lands under the said Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, (except Lessees at Rack Rent), to become a Subscriber or Subscribers, in his, her, or their own Names, for as many Shares in the said Undertaking as are in Proportion to the Lands in their respective Pcfleffions which shall be necessary to be taken and used as aforesaid, and in the same Manner as if the fame Lands were their own respective Estates of Inheritance; and the said Lessee or Lessees so subscribing as aforesaid, shall be admitted as a Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Undertaking for the Share or Shares by him, her, or them so subscribed, in like Manner, and upon the fame Terms, as any other Proprietor in the said Undertaking: Provided, That nothing herein-before contained shall oblige the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, to admit such Land Owners as aforesaid, or their Lessees, to become Subscribers to the said Undertaking on Account of taking or using their Lands for the Purposes aforesaid, for any greater Sum collectively than Seven thousand Pounds; and in case such Land Owners and Lessees shall have required collefiively in Manner aforesaid, to become such Subscribers for a greater Sum than the said Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, are hereby directed to apportion and divide the said Sum of Seven thousand Pounds between the said Land Owner or Land Owners, or his, her, or their Lessee or Lessees, who shall have required to become such Subscribers within the Time before limited for that Purpose, according and in Proportion to the Shares which he, she, or they shall have required to become Subscribers for.

\_Lttc. Es* Per.~\

IXTees m*v breoire Pio prietor* where Landovuurs decline it.

12 p

lh.

IG>7d

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

Namci of Proprietors to He rniered, and Certificates ot thCT res del

I.II. And be it further etiafled, That the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby required to cause the Names and proper Additions of the several Persons who shall be entitled to the Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of the Shares which they are respectively reied to them, entitled to hold, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, and after such Entry*-to cause their common Seal to be affixed thereto, and shall also cause a Certificate or Instrument,' with the Common Seal of the said Company affixed thereto, to be delivered to every such Subscriber upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he or she is entitled in the said Undertaking, every such Proprietor paying to the Clerk Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more, for every such Certificate or Instrument, and such Certificate or Instrument shall be admitted in all Courts whatever, as Evidence of the Title of such Subscriber, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified; but the Want of such Certificate or Instrument shall not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shares from felling or disposing thereof.

Fates to be taken.

Fa*es of Ton rage.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to ask, demand, take, recover, and receive, to and for their own proper Use and Behoof, the several Rates herein-after mentioned, for the Tonnage and Wharfage of all Timber, Chalk, Lime, Limestone, Manure, Minerals, Merchandizes, and other Goods, Matters, and Things whatsoever, which shall be carried or conveyed upon any Part of the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, or either of them; (that is to say),

For all Timber to be navigated and conveyed upon the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or any Part thereof, the Sum of One Shilling per Ton per Mile, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton, or greater or less Distance than a Mile; and for all Free-done, Bricks, Tiles, Slates, Com, Hay, Straw, Faggots, Sand, Stones, Coals, Culm, Coke, Cinders, Minerals, Fruit, and all other Goods and Commodities whatsoever, (except Timber above mentioned; and also except Articles of Manure as herein-after mentioned), the Sum of Sixpence per Ton per Mile, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton, or greater or less Distance than a Mile; and for all Limestone, Dung, Chalk, Marie, Clay, Compod, and all other Ardcles, (except Lime) to bq attually used for Manure, the Sum of Two-pence per Ton per Mile, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton, or greater or less Didance than a Mile; and for all Lime to be actually used for Manure, the Sum of One-penny Half-penny per Hogshead per Mile, and so in Proportion for any greater Quantity than an Hogshead, or greater or less Didance than a Mile.

No PaflHgr on

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawfu^ the Toni.>g for any Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, (not haling or drawing any foritaie*'" Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, or not used or employed in and about the fSi. employe 1 improving, condrudting, or repairing of the said Navigation, Canal, or HI r pa!r’,of. Cuts, or the Towing Paths or other Works belonging thereto, or con-or not go 1 g netted therewith, or not going from Field to Field, or to or from Water

io7r

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

or Pasture, or Sot belonging to the said Company of Proprietors), to pass along any of the said Towing Paths, Railways, or Stone Roads belonging to the said Company of Proprietors; and the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time, to hinder and prevent all Horses, Beasts, or other Cattle, (not haling or drawing any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, or not used or employed in and about the improving, constructing, or repairing of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts, or the Towing Paths or other Works belonging thereto or connected therewith, or not going from Field to Field, dr to or from Water or Pasture, or not belonging to the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid), from passing along any of the said Towing Paths, Railways, or Stone Roads.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, to demand and take, to and for their own Use and Benefit, any additional Rate not exceeding Two-pence per Ton, on every Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, entering, or which shall enter, any Bason or Pen of Water, which shall be constructed and maintained by the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, for the Reception and secure mooring of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, and so in Proportion for any greater or lei's Quantity than a Ton.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where there shall be a Fraction of a Quarter of a Mile in the Distance which any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel shall be navigated or pass upon the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, or either of them, such Fraction shall, in ascertaining the said Rates, be deemed and considered as a whole Quarter of a Mile, and that in all Cases where there shall be a Fraction of a Ton in the Weight of Lading in any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, so to be navigated on the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, or either of them, a Proportion of the said Rates shall be demanded and taken by the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, for such Fra&ion, according to the Number of Quarters of a Ton contained therein, and in ail Cases where there shall be a Fraction of a Quarter of a Ton in any such Weight of Lading as aforesaid, such Fraction shall be deemed and considered as a whole Quarter of a Ton; and in all Cases where there shall be a Fraction of an Hoglliead of Lime, such Fraction shall be deemed an Whole Hogshead; all which said Rates and Tolls shall be paid to such Person or Persons, at such Place or Places near to the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, or any Part thereof, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, shall direct or appoint; and in case of Denial or Neglect of Payment of any such Rates or Tolls, or any Part thereof, on Demand, to the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same as aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, may sue for the same by Action of Debt, or upon the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ or the Person or Persons to whom such Rates or Tolls ought to have been paid, may, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to seize the Goods or other Things, for or in respect whereof any such Rates ought to be paid, or any Part thereof, or the Boat, Barge, or other Vessel laden therewith, or the Horse or Horses, Beasts, or Cattle, for or in respect of which such Tolls ought to be paid as aforesaid, and " detain

Rii’fs *£>r entering itafon*.

Propoit'on of a Mile to be taken as a Mile.

1072

Company cm-pjMrei evJ to fciife tfle Rates.

Masteri of

Boats to give an A' count of Their Lading.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

detain the fame until such Payment shall be made, together with reasonable Charges for such Seizure and Detention; and if such Goods or other Things, Boat, Barge, or other Vdfel, Horse or Horses, Beads, or Cattle, shall not be redeemed within Five Days next after the taking thereof, the same shall be sold as the Law directs in Cases of Dill refs for Rent, and the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, shall have full Power, from Time to Time, at any General or Special Assembly, to lower or reduce all or any of the said Rates and Tolls, and again to raise the same to such Sums as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sums before mentioned, as often as it shall be deemed necessary for the Interest of the said Undertaking.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any of their General or Special Assemblies, by Writing under their Common Seal, at any Time or Times to let to farm the Rates hereby made payable, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, unto any Person or Persons for any Time or Term they shall think proper, not exceeding One Year from the Commencement of any Lease, and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual; and the Lessee or Lessees thereof, and also such Person or Persons as such Lessee or Lessees shall appoint to collect and receive the Rates so let, shall, during the Continuance of every such Lease, be deemed Collectors of the Rates so let, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting and recovering the fame, as if they had been appointed for that Purpose by the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors; provided publick Notice of the Intention to let the said Rates, or any Part thereof, be given by Writing by the Committee or their Clerk, by Advertisements published in such Newspaper as aforesaid, at Iealt Fourteen Days prior to any such General or Special Assembly, at which the said Rates or any Part thereof are proposed to be let as aforesaid.

LVIII. And for the better ascertaining and more easy and effectual collecting of the said Rates hereby directed to be paid to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors; be it further enacted, That the Matter, Owner, or other Person or Persons having the Care of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, navigating upon the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, or upon any Part or Parts thereof, or entering any Bason or Ba-fons, or Pen of Water herein directed to be made, shall give to the Collector or Collectors of the said Rates, or to any other Officer or Officers to be appointed for such Purpose by the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, at the Place or Places where he or they shall attend for that Purpose, a true andjuft Account in Writing, signed by the Master, Owner, or other Person or Persons, having the Care of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, of the Quantities, Qualities, and Weight of the Goods, and other Things embarked in or upon such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, from whence brought, and where the lame is intended to be landed; and if the Goods or other Things contained in any such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall be liable to the Payment of different Rates, then such Mailer, Owner, or other Person or Persons shall specify the Quantities liable to the Payment of each of the said Rates; and in case he or they shall neglect or refute to give such Account, or shall refuse to produce his or their Invoice or

Bill

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61. 1073

Bill of Lading to the Officer demanding the fame, or shall, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Rates or Duties, or any Part of them, give a false Account, or shall deliver out any Part of such Lading or Goods at any other Place or Places than what is or are mentioned in such Invoice or Bill of Lading, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings for every Ton of Goods and other Things, and so in Prd* portion for any less Quantity than a Ton, which shall be in or be conveyed by such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel respectively, of the Lading of which such Account shall be refused, or such false Account given, or whose Lading shall be delivered out as aforesaid, as the Case shall happen to be, over and above the aforesaid respective Rates which shall be payable for the same.

LIX. And for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Stone, Timber, and other Goods, to be charged with the Payment of such Rates as aforesaid, i,fr ,<] light and the Contents and Burthen of the Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, carrying and conveying such Stone, Timber, and other Goods, Matters, Ton. and Things, on the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively; be it further enacted, That Fifty Cubic Feet of Round, and Forty Cubic Feet of Square Oak, Affi, Elm, or Beech Timber, and Fifty Cubic Feet of Fir or Deal, Balk, Poplar, Birch, or other Timber or Wood not cut into Scantlings, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be respectively deemed, rated, and estimated as, and for One Ton Weight, and that One hundred and twelve Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Coal, Coak, Culm, Lime,

Sand, Slate, Tin, Freeftone, Limeltone, and all other Commodities, Matters, and Things, of whatsoever Kind or Description, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed, rated, or estimated, as and for One hundred Weight; and Two thousand two hundred and forty Pounds Weight of all Commodities whatsoever, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed One Ton, any Usage of rating or estimating the same to the contrary hereof notwithstanding; and if any Difference shall arise between any J". fc of Collector of the said Rates and the Master, Owner, or other Person, hav- c( 'n 'errmne ing the Care or Charge of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, or the Owner the Weight, of any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Things loaded or embarked therein, concerning the Measure of such Timber, or concerning the Weight or Quantity of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Matters or Things therein embarked or contained, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Inch Collector, to stop and detain any such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, and to weigh, measure, or gauge, or cause to be weighed, measured, or gauged, such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, and all such Timber, Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, or other Matters or Things as shall be therein embarked or contained; and in case the fame shall, upon such weighing, measuring, or gauging, appear to be of greater Measure, Weight, or Quantity, than the Account given thereof by such Master, Owner, or other Person having the Care or Charge of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, then the farne Master, Owner, or other Person giving in such Account,

shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, measuring, and gauging; all which Costs and Charges, upon Refusal of Payment thereof upon Demand, shall and may be recovered and levied in the same Manner as the said Rates are hereby appointed to be recovered and levied; but if such Limber, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or such other Matters and Things, shall appear to be of the fame or less Weight or Quantity than the Account given thereof by the said Master, Owner, or other Person, then that said Collector shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, measur,

[Lor. Per.~] 12 ing,

10 74-

Power to fix the Price of inull Parcelj.

Navigation to he free upon Payment of Rates, under ccrrain Reliction#.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

ing, and gauging, and shall also pay to such Matter, Owner, or other Person, or to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Things, such Damages as shall appear to any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon, upon the Oath of any credible Witness, (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer, and to settle and determine such Damages), to have arisen from such Detention; and in Default of immediate Payment thereof, the same shall be recovered from the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, or in such other Manner as any of the Penalties or Forfeitures hereby imposed upon the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, may be recovered and levied by virtue of this Act.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, from Time to Time, to ascertain and fix the Price, or Sum or Sums of Money to be charged or taken for the Carriage of any Parcel (not exceeding Five hundred Pounds Weight), upon the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, or Upon any Part thereof; and the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, shall, from Time to Time, cause to be printed and affixed upon every publick Wharf on the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, in some conspicuous Place, a List or Account, ascertaining and particularizing the Price or Sum or Sums of Money so to be charged or taken for the Carriage of such Parcels as aforesaid, upon the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively; and in case any Owner or Matter, or other Person having the Care of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, navigating or passing upon the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or upon any Part or Parts thereof, after such Lift or Account so ascertaining and particularizing the Price or Sum or Sums of Money at which every such Parcel shall be so carried and conveyed, shall be so fixed up as aforesaid, shall demand or take for the Carriage of any such Parcel as aforesaid more than the Price or Sum or Slims of Money in such Lift or Account ascertained and particularized for that Purpose, such Owner, Matter, or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Ten Shillings, at the Discretion of the Magistrate before whom such Person shall be convicted.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons whosoever shall have free Liberty to use with Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, the Roads, Ways, and Passages, (except the Towing Paths, Railways, and Stone Roads) to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of conveying any Timber, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Things, to or from the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, and every Part thereof, without paying any Thing for the Use of such Roads, Ways, and Passages; and also to navigate and pass upon and use the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, with any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and to employ the Wharfs and Quays for loading and unloading such Merchandize, Timber, and other Goods and Things; and also to use the said Towing Paths with Horses and other Cattle for haling and drawing such Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, upon Payment of such Rates as shall be demanded by the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, not exceeding the respective

Sums

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

1075

Sams herein mentioned, and subject to the Rules and Regulations which shall be from Time to Time made by the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, by virtue of the Powers herein granted; provided the said Boats, Barges, or other Vessels shall not, without the Consent of the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, or their Committee, pass upon the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, or either of them, at any other Times than between the Hours of Seven in the Morning, and Five in the Evening, during the Months of November, December, ’January, and February; between the Hours of Five in the Morning, and Eight in the Evening, during the Months of March, April, September, and October, and between the Hours of Four in the Morning, and Nine in the Evening, during the Months of May, June, July, and August in every Year.

EXIT. And be it further enacted, That no Boat, Barge, or other Vessel la- 'VflVis under den with less than Five Tons shall pass through any of the Locks to be made g’*h^"ns by virtue of this Act, without the Consent of the said Company of Pro- not to pais prietors or their Successors, or their Agent or Agents for the Time being, in Writing first had and obtained, or unless the Owner or Navigator of such otPi opruton. Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall pay Tonnage, according to the respective Rates herein-before specified, equal to a Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, laden with Five Tons.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies Lord of M»-of any Manor or Manors, and the Owner or Owners of any Lands or ^"/owners Grounds near to, through, or by which the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts may ere^t respectively shall be made, may build, construct, or use any Wharfs, Quays, Wharf,« &e-Landing Places, Cranes, Weigh Beams, or Warehouses, in or upon his, her, or their respective own proper Lands, Grounds, or Waites adjoining or near to the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, with necessary Ways and Roads to the fame, and may land any Goods or Merchandize,

Coal, Lime, Sand, Manure, Tin, Lead, or other Things upon such Wharfs,

Quays, or Landing Places, or upon the Banks lying between the fame, and the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, and may make and use proper and convenient Places for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels to lie and turn in and pass by each other, so that the making, conllrufting, or using thereof respectively, do not obstruct or prejudice the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or any Towing Path on the Sides thereof respectively, and the Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Devon, are hereby directed and required from Time to Time to fix, ascertain, and determine all such Rates as shall be paid for the Use and Benefit of the said Wharfs, Quays, Landing Places, Cranes, Weigh Beams, and Warehouses respectively, and such Rates, and no more, shall be demanded or taken by such Lord or Lords, Lady.or Ladies of such Manor or Manors, or by the Owner or Owners of such Lands, Grounds, or Wastes, who shall make, construct, and erect the fame respectively as rioresaid, and his, her, and their Representatives, so that the Rates and Powers herein granted to the Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, shall not be thereby reduced, altered, or infringed.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Lord or Lady of rf not done a Manor, or Land Owner, shall not within the Space of Six Calendar o^ntn. Months next after Notice given in Writing, to him, her, or them, or within a’cer-

ipC. tain f line. Proprietor*

1078

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

Passages, shall, from Time to Time, be supported, maintained, cleansed, scoured, and kept in good and sufficient Repair by the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors; and if at any Time or Time*, after Thiity Days Notice in Writing shall, by or on the Behalf of any of the said Owners or Occupiers of Lands adjoining or lying near to the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or any other of the Works hereby authorized to be made, be given to the said Company of Proprietors, or to their Clerk or Clerks, known Agent, or Collector, that the said Arches, Tunnels, Culverts, Drains, Back Drains, or other Passages, or any of them, is or are not made, cleansed, maintained, and repaired, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to apply for, and obtain an Order in Writing from any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon, from Time to Time, as often as there shall be Occasion, (and the said Justices are hereby authorized and required, at their Discretion, to grant such Order as aforesaid), enabling such Person or Persons to make, cleanse, and repair, such Arches, Tunnels, Culverts, Drains, Back Drains, or other Passages accordingly, as well through the Lands or Grounds of the Person or Persons obtaining such Order as aforesaid, as through any other Lands or Grounds in or through which such Arches, Tunnels, Culverts, Drains, Back Drains, or other Passages, may, by the Order of such Justices, be directed to be made, and the reasonable Expences thereof (to be ascertained by the said Justices) shall be defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to satisfy and defray such Expences for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after Demand thereof made upon the said Company of Proprietors, or upon their Clerk or known Agent or Collector, such Expences shall and may be recovered and levied in such Manner as any other Money is by this Act directed to be recovered from the said Company of Proprietors: Provided always, That such Owner or Occupier of the said adjoining or contiguous Lands shall, at the Time of making such Complaint, have his or her respective Ditches, Drains, Passages for Water, and Watercourses leading to or from the Drains, Culverts, and Passages of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, and other Works as aforesaid, and each and every of them, sufficiently cleansed and opened to convey Water into the fame: Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to enforce the admitting of any Water arising from Floods into the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, which may injure the same.

For repairing

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors

owing at t. the;r Successors shall, at their own proper Costs and Charges, from Time

to Time repair, maintain, and support the Towing Path or Paths which shall be dug out and formed on the Side or Sides of the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, (in case the said Company of Proprietors Hull think it necessary to make more than One Towing Path on the Lands or Grounds which shall be purchased by, conveyed to, or vested in the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors as aforesaid)>; and also shall, at their own like Costs and Charges, make up, erect, and set up on the said Towing Path or Tow ing Paths, and, from Time to Time maintain and support such and so many convenient Gates and Stiles, in, over, and through all the Hedges and Fences whereby the different Inckffures are at prefem divided; and also all such Bridges, Fording Places, Arches,. Culverts, and Passages over, under, or by the Side of, or into the said Naviga-p tior,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6r.

tion, Canal, or Cuts respectively, and the Feeders, Trenches, and Aquedu&s communicating the rewith, and the Towing Paths on the Sides thereof, of such Dimensions and in such Manner as any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Divert, shall from Time to Time deem necessary and direct, (in case there shall beany Dispute about the fame), for the Use of the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, adjoining to such Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, and the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, shall not make the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or any Trench or.Watercourse belonging to the fame, in or across any common Highway, publick Bridle Way, or Foot Path, until they shall, at their own proper Costs and Charges, have made and perfected such Bridge or Bridges, Fording Place or Fording Places, Passage or Passages, Arch or Arches, over, across, or under the fame Highway, publick Bridle Way, or Foot Path, of such Dimensions, and in such Manner as any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon shall from Time to Time deem necessary and direct, not being contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and all such Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Arches, Fording Places, and other Works and Conveniencies so to be made as aforesaid shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, be supported, maintained, and kept in sufficient Repair, "by the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors; and in case the said Company of Proprietors, or their Agents, shall refuse or neglect to make, erect, and set up, such Gates, Bridges, and Stiles, in, over, and through the Fences, whereby the different Inclosures are at present divided, or such Bridges, Fording Places, Arches, Tunnels, Culverts, Drains, Back Drains, or other Passages, over, under, or by the Sides of, or into the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, and the said Trenches, Streams, and Watercourses as aforesaid, and to make such Watering Places for Cattle as herein-before directed for the Use and Convenience of the re-spettive Owners or Occupiers of the Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments adjoining or near to the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or to maintain and support such Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Arches, Fording Places, Passages, and watering Places, when erected, set up, and made, of such Dimensions, and in such Manner as aforesaid, for the Space of Six Calendar Months nextafter the Time to be appointed for those Purposes by such Justices, or after Notice shall be given by or on the Behalf of the Owners or Occupiers of any such Lands or other Hereditaments, who may be aggrieved by any such Refusal or Neglect, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for every or any of the Owners or Occupiers of the said adjacent Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, who shall find himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by such Refusal or Neglect, to make, erect, and set up, all such Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Fording Places, Arches, Passages, Watering Places, and other Conveniencies, as such Justices shall have directed or appointed to be made, erected, and set up, by the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, and to maintain, repair, and support the fame from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, so that in making or maintaining such Works as aforesaid, the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or the Banks thereof, or the Feeders or Aqueducts belonging thereto, shall not fee (topped or injured for any longer Space of Time, or in any other Manner than shall be necessary for the doing thereof, and all the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof, (to be lettled and allowed by such Justices,) shall be

repaid

1070

If Company alo not repair Gates, and make Bridges, etc.

Land Owners may do it at the Company's Expence-

io8o

4.10 GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

repaid to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said adjacent Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, who shall have so erected and made, repaired or maintained such Works as aforesaid, by the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the same shall have been so settled and allowed, and an Account and Demand in Writing shall have been made thereof, and delivered to the said Company of Proprietors, or to any of their Clerks for the Time being, and in Default of Payment of the said Costs and Charges withi^ the Time aforesaid, such Just:ices shall, and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the said Costs and Charges, by Distress and Sale of any of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, which shall be found in or upon the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or the Wharfs, Quays, or Warehouses, adjoining or near to the lame, belonging to the said Company, to be applied to and for the Use of such Person or Persons who shall have so incurred such Costs and Charges as aforesaid, rendering to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, or to some of their known Agents 'or Collectors, the Overplus (if any) after deducing the reasonable Charges of making such Didress and Sale, to be settled by such Justices, or all or any of the said Owners or Occupiers may have such and the like Remedy against the said Company of Proprietors, for the Recovery of such Costs and Charges, by Action at Law, to be commenced and prosecuted in such Manner as in other Cases is in and by this Act directed.

If Bridge!, tic. made by the Company, are insufficient. Land Owners may make othe t at their own Expence.

LXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments through which the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively shall be made, do or shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, apprehend that any of the Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Fording Places, Arches, Tunnels, Drains, Back Drains, Trenches, or other Passages, Watering Places, or other Conveniencies respectively, which such Justices shall have so directed or appointed to be made by the said Company of Proprietors, are insufficient, either in their Number or Situation for the commodious Use and Occupation of the respective Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments on both Sides or on either Side thereof, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for all or any such Owners or Occupiers, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Committee, upon Requed made to them for that Purpose, or in Case of their Refusal for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after such Requed, then with the Consent and Approbation of such Justices, to make, fix, and erect, at their own Costs and Charges, any such other Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Fording Places, or other Conveniencies, of the fame or the like Condruction with those made and erected by the said Company of Proprietors, in, over, or near to the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or the Towing Paths thereof respectively, in such Places as flia.ll be found and adjudged mod necessary and convenient for the better Use, Cultivation, Improvement, or Occupation of such Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, and to repair and support the fame at their own Costs and Charges, as Occasion shall require, so as that the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, be not obstructed thereby, for any longer Space of Time, or in any other Manner, than shall be absolutely necessary and expedient for the making

or

io8x

- 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

or crofting of such Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Fording Places, Watering Places, or other Conveniencies.

LXXT; And be it further enacted, That if any Swivel Bridge, or Draw Swivel or Bridge, shall be laid over of across the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or any Trenches or Passages to be made by virtue of this Act, tcr Vriiets all and eyCrv Person or Persons opening any such Draw Bridge or Swivel ra(T=d- Bridge' shall, ’itnd he, fhc, ami they, is and are hereby required and di-rdftetl, foffotttf as any Vessel shall nave passed any fhch Bridge, to /hut and fallen tWe'fWhei ;(except such Bridges as may be erected for the private Use’-hf any Owner or Owners of any Lands, Tenements, or other HftedrtnmenftY, and eiery Person neglecting so to do, or wilfully opening anvThch^Swivel Bridge or Draw Bridge, when no Vessci is to pass through tht-famd, ./half forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings, and in case any such Bridge shall be left open longer than necessary for the Passage of any Vessel as aforesaid, through the Neglect or Carelessness of any Person belonging to any such Vessel, then the Master or Owner of such Vessel shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings One Moiety of which said respective Penalties shall go to the Informer.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case an) Lock, Weir, Flood Work* d»m. Gate, Dam, Bank, Bason, Trench, or any other of the Works of the p®^dsBytobe said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, shall be so injured, de/lroyed, ^paired by or affected by any Flood or other unexpected Cause or Accident, and it ,he Company, may be necessary that the fame should be immediately repaired or rebuilt to prevent further Damage, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, from Time to Time, or to or for their or any of their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, without any Delay or Interruption from any Person or Persons whomsoever, to enter into any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments adjoining or near to the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, and other Works ,or Conveniences, or any of them, (not being the Ground whereon any House or other Building Hands, or Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, Planted'

Walk, Nursery for Trees, or Avenue to a House), and to dig for, work, get, and carry away, and use, all such Stones, Gravel, and ..other Materials, as may be necessary or proper for the Purposes aforesaid, without any previous Treaty whatsoever with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of, or other Person or Persons interested in such Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any of them, doing as little Damage thereby as the Nature of the Cafe will permit, and making Recompence for the same to the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers thereof, or other Person or Persons interested in such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, within the Space of Fourteen Days next after the fame shall be demanded; which Damages, and the Compensation to be made in respect thereof, shall be settled, affe/Ted, determined, and recovered, by the Ways and Means herein prescribed and directed with respect to other Damages, to be done in or about the making and maintaining the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or any Part or Parts thereof.

ta S

[Lor. iVr.]

jo8i

Enabling the Company to cleanie the adjoining atercourses at the Land-hold r’s Expecte.

Mime'? on the Outrides of h ats to be hxed.

Weight of the Lading of Vert'd; to be 'narked.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter the

Ditches or Drains belonging to any Owner or Occupier of any Lands adjoining or lying contiguous to the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively,

» and other Works, or either of them, shall, by Reason of their being not sufficiently cleansed or opened, hinder and obstruct the free Passage of the Water from the Drains, Culverts, and Passages belonging to the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or any of the Works thereunto belonging; and if the same shall not be perfectly cleansed and opened within One Calendar Month after Notice in Writing shall have been given thereof to such Owner or Occupier, or to the Clerk or Agent of any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or affixed on some conspicuous Part of the Premises, wherein such Ditches or Drains shall be situate, or left at the usual Place or Places of Abode of any such Owner or Occupier, or Clerk or Agent, by the Clerk or any Agent of the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors. and their Successors, from Time to Time, as often as there shall be Occasion, to open and cleanse, or cause to be opened and cleansed, the said Ditches and Drains, and the reasonable Expences thereof shall be repaid to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, by the Owners or Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds to which the said Ditches and Drains so opened and cleansed shall belong; and in case of Refusal or Neglect to satisfy the fame for the Space of Three Calendar Months after Demand shall have been made thereof from the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of such Lands and Grounds as aforesaid, such Charges and Expences shall and may be recovered in such Manner as any Forfeitures or Penalties are herein directed to be recovered.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Owner or Masterof any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, not being a Pleasure Boat, paffrng upon the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, shall cause his or her Name and Place of Abode, and the Number of his or her Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, to be entered with the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors; and shall also cause such Name and Num- t

ber, and also the Place to which every such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel shall belong, and the true Nfcmber of Tons Burthen thereof, to be painted in large white Capital Letters and Figures on a black Ground, Four In- 11

ches High at the lead, and of a proportionable Breadth, on the Outside

of the Head or Stern of every such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, higher i

than the Place to which the same shall fink into the Water when full laden; and also shall and is hereby required to fix on each Side thereof respectively, correct Indexes of Copper, Lead, or other Metal, of such gra- »r

dilated Dimentsions, and of such convenient Heighths, under such Regulations as the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors shall x

from Time to Time direct, or other proper Means shall be used under ii(

the Directions of the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, f

so that the true Weight of the Lading on board may at all Times be alcer- b(

tained and shewn, and shall permit and suffer every such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel to be gauged, weighed, or measured at the Expence of the j,

said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, whenever it shall be required by them, or any of their Coll eft ors. Officers, or Agents; and every Owner, Master, or other Person, having the Care or Command of any Boat, Barge, or ether Vsffcl, or who shall navigate the lame upon the

laid

1083

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, without having such Name,

Figures, and Index thereon as are herein-before directed, or who shall alter, erase, deface, or dellroy, such Name, Figure, or Index, or any Part thereof, or shall fix thereon any false Name, Figure, or Index, or who shall refuse to permit and suffer such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, to be gauged and measured, or shall wilfully fuller or permit any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, navigating upon or lying in the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, to be loaded or unloaded in any Lock, Bason, or in any other Part of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, without a Stage being laid from the Side of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel to the Bank of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, so as effectually to prevent any Soil, or other Matter or Thing intended to be taken on board, or discharged out of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, from falling into the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer and Owner of every owner; ic-Boat, Barge, or other Vessel navigating upon the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, shall, and he and they is and are hereby made an- by ihc Boau fwerable for any Trespass, Damage, Spoil, or Mischief, that shall be done mtn-by such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, or by any of the Boatmen, Watermen, or other Person or Persons belonging to or employed in or about the fame respectively, to any of the Bridges, Weirs, Locks, Basons, Dams,

Engines, or other Works, in, upon, or belonging to the said Navigation,

Canal, or Cuts respectively, or any of the Trenches, Aqueducts, Sluices,

Passages, or other Works, or Conveniencies to be made by virtue of this Act, either by the loading or unloading of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, or by any other Means whatsoever, or to any Building or other Erection,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments adjoining or lying near to the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, by leaving open any Gate or Gates,

Lock or Locks, Bridge or Bridges, or by any other Means whatsoever; and the Mailer or Owner of every such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall for every such Trespass, Damage, Spoil, or Mischief, upon Conviction of any such Boatman, Waterman, and other Person or Persons before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Devon, on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer), or on the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, forfeit and pay to the Party or Parties injured, such Damages, Satisfaction, and Compensation as shall be ascertained, fixed, and determined by such Justice, (provided that no such Damages, Satisfaction, or Compensation shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds), and shall also over and above forfeit and pay to the Informer or Informers, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, to be settled and determined by such Juf. lice; but in case such Damages shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, the said Mailer or Owner of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel may be sued and prosecuted for such Damages, Satisfaction, and Compensation, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and if a Verdict or Judgement shall be given against him, either on Proof made, or by Default, or upon Demurrer, the Plaintiff in any such Case shall recover his Damages thereby fullained, with full Colls of Suit.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Boatmen, Water- Miners to rc-men, and other Person or Persons, and each and evdry o! them, shall ^atnu'a "l

be

1084 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

be liable to repay such Damages, Satisfaction, and Compensation and Penalty so ascertained, fixed, and determined by such Justice, with the Costs of levying and recovering thereof, to such Mailer or Mailers, O rner or Owners; and in case of Non-payment thereof upon Demand, and Oath made by such Mailer or Mailers, Owner or Owners, of the Payment made by him, her, or themt of such Damages, Satisfaction, Compensation, cr Penalty, and that the fame, and the Costs thereof have 01" hath not been repaid to him, her, or them, by such Servants, Boatmen, or Watermen, or any of them, although demanded, (such Oath to be made before any One Justice of the Peace for the County where such Penal'y and Satisfaction shall have been incurred, and which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer), the Amount thereof shall be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is hereby directed to be recovered.

nl'V the LXX

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors,

holt* to turn an<i their Successors, shall and may, in such Parts of the said Naviga-or lit in for tion, Canal, or Cuts respectively, as shall not be of sufficient Breadth »ir r Boa s to £or admitting a Boat, Barge, or other Vessel to turn round or lie whilst another Boat, Barge, or Vessel shall pass by, or to admit Two Boats, Barges, or other Vessels to pass each other, and they are in such Cases hereby empowered to make and cut proper Spaces or Openings into the Lands adjoining to the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, at convenient Distances from each other, for the turning, lying, or parting of any such Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; and all such Boats, Barges, and other Vessels which shall be haled or navigated upon the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, shall, upon meeting any other Boat, Barge, or other Vessel navigating thereon, llop at, or go back to, and lie in the said Spaces or Openings, in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or their Committee shall VelTri. ob- from Time to Time djrcCt and appoint; and if any Boat, Barge, or other Naif1'"ilon to be placed or shall lie abreall in any Part of the said Navigation,

b, removed, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or any Trench, Sluice, or I’aflage belonging sMd Vciic’s thereto, not being moored at both Ends, or if any Person or Person

weightd »p. navigating and having the Care of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall wilfully obstruct the said Navigation, or any Part or Parts thereof, by Means of the misplacing, or otherwise misconducting such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, and shall not immediately upon Request made, moor the fame at both Ends, or alter the Situation of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, or otherwise flop or effectually secure the same as the Case shall require, so as that the said Obstruction Avail ceal'e and be removed, every Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Agents or Servants of the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, or any of them, to cause any such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel to be unloaded if necessary, and to be removed in such Manner as shall be proper for preventing or removing such Obstruction in the Navigation, and to seize and detain such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel and the Loading thereof, or any Part of such Loading, until the Charge* occasioned by such unloading and Removal shall be paid; and if any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel shall be sunk in any Part of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or in any Bason or Pen.of Water, Trench, or Sluice belonging thereto, and the Owner or Owners, or other Person or

Personj

io8s

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

Persons having the Care of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall not, without Loss of Time, weigh or draw up the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Agents or Servants of the said Company of Proprietors, or any of them, to cause such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, to be weighed or drawn up; and in case the same shall not be redeemed, and all Expences paid within the Space of Five Days, to detain, keep, and use the fame, or otherwise to sell and dispose thereof, for the Satisfaction of all the Expences necessarily incurred and occasioned in and about the weighing or drawing Up the lame, and the Overplus (if any) shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Naviffiiion float any Timber, or shall row any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel upon the said ob*

Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or if any Person or Persons shall suffer the Loading of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel navigating thereon, to lie over the Sides thereof, or shall overload any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel navigating thereon, so as by such loading or overloading to obstruct the Passage of any other Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, and shall not immediately, upon Notice given of such Obstruction, hale such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel into such Place or Places, Opening or Openings as shall be proper, or be made for the Purpose of enabling Boats, Barges, and other Vessels to pass each other, or shall not otherwise remove the fame Obstruction, so as to make a free Passage for other Boats, Barges, or Vessels navigating thereon, every such Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons floating such Timber, or having the Care of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings; and if any Person shall throw any Ballad:, Gravel, Stones, or Rubbish, into any Part of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, Trenches, Wa- Locks not to tercourses; or Basons, to be made by virtue of this Act, or shall wantonly be left open, or unnecessarily open, Or cause to be opened, any Lock, Gate, Paddle,

Valve, or Clough, belonging to the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or suffer any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel; to (trike or run upon any of the Bridges or I.ocks thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully flu(h or draw off, or cause to be flulhed or drawn off, the Water from any Part of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or shall leave any of the said Valves or Cloughs open and running, after any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel shall have passed any Lock belonging to the fame, or shall draw, or cause to be drawn, any Paddle, Valve, or Clough, in any of the Lock Gates on the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, so as to mispend or wade the Water thereof, or shall wilfully obstruct, hinder, or prevent any Person or Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings; and if any p,nUtyondt« Person shall wilfully and maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Na- ! y " ! Ih« vigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, break, throw down, damage, or ol destroy, any Banks or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony; and every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted,

shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court, by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punflhed [I*. & Per.'] 12 T in

io86

Regulations for pafltng the Locks.

Lock Keepers not to g've Preference.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

m like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Boatman, Bargeman, or other Person, navigating or having the Care of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel upon the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, and passing through any Lock to be made thereon, shall suffer the Water to remain in such Lock for any longer Space of Time than is necessary for the Passage of his Boat, Barge, or other Vessel through the fame; or if such Boatman, Bargeman, or other Person as aforesaid, in going down the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, shall not, previous to his bringing his Bioat, Barge, or other Vessel into any Lock, (hut the lower Gates of such Lock, and the Sluices thereto belonging, before he shall draw the Cloughs or Sluices of the U pper Gates thereof, or shall not, after he shall have brought such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel through the said Lock, (hut the upper Gates thereof, and the Cloughs or Sluices thereto belonging, before he shall draw the Cloughs or Sluices of the lower Gates thereof, or if any such Boatman, Bargeman, or other Person as aforesaid, in going up the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, towards the Head Level or Head Levels thereof, shall not (hut so soon as he shall have passed with his Boat, Barge, or other Vessel through the said Lock, the upper Gates of the fame, and the Cloughs or Sluices thereto belonging, before he shall draw the Cloughs or Sluices of the lower Gates thereof, unless there shall then be a Boat, Barge, or other Vessel coming down the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, in Sight of the said Boatman, Bargeman, or other Person passing such Lock, in which Cafe the lower Gates of the said Lock, and the Cloughs or Sluices thereof shall be left (hut, and the upper Gates shall be left open; and in all dry Seasons when there shall be a Scarcity of Water in the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, the Boat, Barge, or other Vessel so going up the fame, (if within Sight of a Boat, Barge, or Vessel so coming down) and at a Distance, not exceeding Three hundred Yards below a Lock, shall pass through such Lock before the Boat, Barge, or other Vessel coming down, and then such other Boat, Barge, or other Vessel shall come down into the said Lock; and if there shall be more Boats, Barges, or other Vessels than One below and above any Lock at the same Time, in any such dry Season within the Distance aforesaid, (which Distance shall be distinguimed by a Poll or Mark to be made and set up for that Purpose), such Boats, Barges, or other Vessels shall go up and come down at such Lock by Turns as aforesaid, until all the Boats, Barges, and other Vessels so going up or coming down shall have passed the fame, by which Means One Lock full of Water may serve Two Boats, Barges, or other Vessels; every such Boatman, Bargeman, and other Person acting contrary to these Directions, in passing any such Lock or Locks, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, for every such Offence; but if any Question or Dispute shall arise on his or their Conviction, whether it was or was not a dry Season at the Time of such Offence committed, such Question shall be determined by the said Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall appear.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Lock Keeper, Wharfinger, or other Person employed by, or Servant belonging to the said Company of

Proprietors,

tosy

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6r.

Proprietors, shall give any undue Preference or shew any Partiality to any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, in passing through any Lock or Locks upon the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or in loading or unloading any Goods or other Things at any of the "Wharfs, Warehouses, Weigh Beams, Cranes, or other Machines belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, every Person so offending shall, on Conviction thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Navigation, Canal, and Cut, respectively, and the several Aqueducts, or any of the Works whatsoever, to be made by virtue of this Act, shall not be subject to the Controul, Direction, Survey, or Order, of any Commission of Sewers, or to any Law or Statute relating to Sewers whatsoever.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord or Lords, Lady and Ladies, of all and every Manor and Manors through or in which the said Navigation, Canal, Cuts, Basons, Feeders, Trenches, and Sluices, or any of them shall be made, shall have and be entitled to the Right of Fishery of and in so much of the said Navigation, Canal, Cuts, Basons, Trenches, and Sluices thereto belonging, as shall be made over, under, or through the common or waste Lands within his, her, or their Manors respectively, and as shall be made over or through any other Lands or Grounds, in the Pits, Ponds, or Waters whereof such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, now have or hath, or are or is entitled to the Right of Fishery; and that the Owner or Owners of all other Lands or Grounds through or in which the said Navigation, Canal, Cuts, Basons, Feeders, Trenches, and Sluices, or any of them, shall be made, shall also have and be entitled to the Right of Fishery of, and in so much of the said Navigation, Canal, Cuts, or other Works, as shall be made in, over, under, or through his, her, or their Lands or Grounds respectively, so as that, in the Use and Exercise of such Rights of Fishery, the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts, or other Works hereby authorized to be made, shall not be prejudiced or obstructed, or any Water drained or exhausted from or out of the fame, and so as the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, or their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, or any of them, shall not be liable to any Penalty, Action, or Prosecution, for or by Reason of the taking or destroying of any Fish in the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts, or other Works, or any of them, which shall be taken, killed, or destroyed, through or by Means of the letting the Water out of them respectively, for the Purposes of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts, or other Works, or on Account of any Repairs or Work to be done in and about the fame Navigation, Canal, or Cuts, or other Works respectively.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owners and Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments adjoining to the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, to use any Pleasure Boat or Boats upon the fame, (not passing through any Lock or Locks, unless Tonnage equal to a Boat, Barge, or other Vessel of Five Tons laden with Merchandize shall be first paid, or the Consent of the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, first obtained), without any Interruption from the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, or any of their Officers or Agents, and without paying any Rate for the fame, so

as

Navigation not to be under the Po*er

of Com*, if-(ioners of Sewers.

Rights of Lords of Manors and Land Owners ro the Fishery preserved.

Power for Land Owners to use Piea-sure Boats.

io88

Mines reserved to Lords of Manors and other Proprietor*.

Company's Agents to be at Liberty to enter Lands or Mines to tiew the Works.

8ub(crihen compelled to pay their Sub. fciiptions.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

as the fame Pleasure Boat or Boats be not made use of for carrying any Passengers for Hire or Reward, or any Goods or other Things, and so as the same shall not obstrud or prejudice the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts, or the Towing Paths or other Works belonging thereto, or the Use thereof; provided that no such Boats shall in any Case pass through any Lock, except when the Water shall be running over the waste Weirs of such Lock.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or affect the Right of any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors, or of any Owner or Owners of any Lands or Grounds, in, upon, or through which the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, or any Aqueducts, Towing Paths, Wharfs, Quays, Basons, Feeders, Trenches, Sluices, Passages, Watercourses, or other Conveniencies aforesaid, shall be made to the Mines and Minerals lying and being within or under the said Lands or Grounds; but all such Mines and Minerals are hereby reserved to such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of such Manor or Manors, and to such Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds respectively; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of such Manor or Manors, and for such Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds respectively, subject to the Conditions and Restrictions herein contained, to work, get, drain, take, and carry away, to his, her, or their own use, such Mines and Minerals, not thereby injuring, prejudicing, or obstructing the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts, or any of the aqueducts, Works, or Conveniencies belonging thereto.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, by themselves or their Agents or Servants, at any Time or Times, Upon reasonable Notice in the Day Time, to enter upon any Lands through or near which the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, and Works hereby authorized to be made, shall be or pass, wherein any Mines shall or may have been dug, opened, or wrought, and likewise to enter into all such Mines, and there to view, search, and measure, latch-dial and use, all other Means for discovering the Distance of the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts respectively, and Aqueduds and Towing Paths from the Working Parts of such Mines respectively, and in case it shall appear that any Mine hath been opened or wrought under the said Navigation, Canal, or Cuts, or any Aqueduds, Basons, Pens of Water, or other Works belonging thereto, or lb near thereto as to endanger or damage the fame, it shall be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, and for their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, to enter into and upon such Mine or Mines, and from Time to Time to use all reasonable Ways and Means for repairing, supporting, sustaining, securing, and making safe the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, Aqueduds, Towing Paths, and other Works, or any of them.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Persons who have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance any Money for and towards making and maintaining the said Navigation, Canal, and Cuts respectively, and the other Works hereby authorized to be made, shall and are

io8g

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6r.

(or such Parts and Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the said Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act), at such Times and Places, and in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Committee; and in case any of such Subscribers shall negLit or refiife to pay the same, at the Time and Place, and in Manner so required for that Purpose, the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, are hereby empowered to fuefor and recover the fame in any Court of Law or Equity.

LXXXVII. And whereas the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonaltycf the City of Exeter, are the Proprietors of an antient Canal or Navigation supported at their own Expence, for conveying Ships of heavy Burthen, and Lighters, Boats, and Barges for the Distance of Four Miles from the River Exe near the Town of Topsham, to the fame River Exe at the Quay at Exeter, where the said intended Canal from Exeter to the Town of Crediten aforesaid is intended to fall into and to communicate with the said antient Canal or Navigation; and forasmuch as such antient Canal or Navigation, and the said intended Canal or Navigation from such Communication may prove to be of mutual Advantage to each other, therefore, for giving Encouragement to the Carriage of Lime and Lime Stones upon and through both the said Canals or Navigations, which wall be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Publick; be it further enacted, That all Lime and Lime Stones which shall be carried and conveyed upon or through the said antient Canal or Navigation, into the said intended Canal or Navigation, for the Purpose of being carried or conveyed upon or through the fame, or any Part thereof, or which shall have been brought down the said intended Canal or Navigation, and shall be afterwards carried or conveyed upon or through the said antient Canal or Navigation, or any Part thereof, shall be subjeiil and liable only to the Rates herein-after mentioned, for passing on the said antient Canal; (that is.to say).

Rates c'nly for pairing on the n

For all Lime Stories to be navigated and conveyed upon the said antient Canal or Navigation, belonging to the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, (the Whole of which shall be deemed a Distance of Four Miles), any Sum which the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty shall fix upon and require, not exceeding Two-pence per Ton per Mile, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton, or greater or less Distance than a Mile

For all Lime to be navigated and conveyed upon the said antient Canal or Navigation, any Sum which the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty shall fix upon and require, not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny per Hogshead per Mile, and so in Proportion for any greater Quantity than an Hogshead, or any greater or less Distance than a Mile.

And in all Cases where there shall be a Fraction of a Quarter of a Mile in the Distance, such Fraction shall be deemed as a whole Quarter of a Mile; and when there shall be the Fraction of a Quarter of a Ton in any Weight or Lading of Limeltone, such Fraction shall be deemed a whole Quarter of a Ton in Weight, and when there shall be the Fraction of an Hogshead of Lime, such Fraction shall be deemed an whole Hogshead.

LXXXVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in Case the said Company of Proprietors of the said intended Canal or Navigation, shall at any Time demand and receive higher Rates of Tonnage or Car-

[Loc. Ss5 Per.] 12 U \ riage

For the Encouragement of i he Car-rnge of Lime mil Lime Stones on the antient Navigation from Top /bam to Ex iter, be longing to the Mayor, etc. of Ex ter, and on the intended Navigation from Exeter to Credit on, all Lime and Lindt Stones conveyed through the autient Canal into the new Navigaion, or which shall be can ied from thence into the an-t ent Canal, iutijec* to tht following juient Canal.

IF the Company of Proprietor shall be empowered to take higher Rates

togO

on the in-tr.nrfe t Canal, for Lime or Li.«»e S’ones, the Mayor, (Sc. of Exetert not to he Ji-m t* to the ece'iing Hites in re-lpeft thereof.

Th;s Act not to inter;erc with the Mayor, &c. of Exeter, in the Management of their aiuicnt Canal.

This A.& not to lejiuhce the Pa. ments to which *he M

£xelc} ar-cn le.1, upon their annent Cnl, so. the C n age - f any Goods, except

Lime or Lime Stone.

This A A not to prejudice the Rights of the Mayor, etc. of Ereter, to ili irT.wn or Port Dues, or So their Quay Dues or Cuiioms.

The acruf-toined Rates of Tonnage for the Carriage of any Go on the anti cut Canal except Lime or Lime St me, and the Rates of Ton i3ge to be fixi-d by the fa J May* or, etc. under this Act, for the Carriage of Lime or

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

riage cm the said intended Canal or Navigation, in respect of Lime or Lime Stones, than the Rates before mentioned, then and in such Case, the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, shall not be limited to the Rates of Tonnage and Carriage in respect thereof herein-before mentioned, but shall be at Liberty to alk, demand, and receive the same Rates of Tonnage and Carriage in respect of Lime and Lime Stones, as such Company of Proprietors mail or may demand and receive for the Tonnage and Carriage of the fame Articles which shall or may be conveyed through the said intended Canal or Navigation, not exceeding the Rates which the said Mayor, Bailiifs, and Commonalty, are now entitled to or have been accustomed to receive.

LXXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend to controul the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, with respect to the Care or Management of the said antient Canal, or the repairing or keeping up the fame in any Maimer whatsoever, but that the same shall be ordered, managed, and repaired as they shall think fit, without being in any Manner accountable to the said Company of Proprietors for any Neglect therein, or on Account of the Conduct of their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever in anywise relating thereto.

XC. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hurt, prejudice, lessen, or diminish the Rates of Tonnage, or other Payments to which the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty are entitled, or which have been usually received by them upon the said antient Canal for the Carriage of any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Article, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, except Lime or Lime Stone, and that the Rates before mentioned with respect to Lime and Lime Stone, shall be only applicable to such Lime or Lime Stone as have been or shall be conveyed upon or through the said intended Canal or Navigation, or any Part thereof.

XCI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall affect or prejudice the Rights of the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, to the Town or Port Dues, in respect of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes imported into the said Port of Exeter, nor to the Quay Dues or Customs in respect to all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes which shall be brought to, or pass by the lawful and established Quay at Exeter.

XC.II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and singular the Rates of Tonnage, and other Dues which have been accustomed to be paid to the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, for the Carriage of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, or any Article, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, in and upon the said antient Canal or Navigation, from Topsham to Exeter, or any Part thereof, except with respect to the said Articles of Lime and Limestone, and also the said Rates of Tonnage and Carriage to be ascertained and fixed by the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, under the Provisions of this Act for the Tonnage and Carriage of Lime and Lime Stone, shall, from Time to Time, be collected, recovered, and received, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Means, as the said Rates of Tonnage and other Dues for 7 Carriage

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61. 1091

Carriage on the said ancient Canal have hitherto been paid, collected. Undertone, to recovered, and received, or as shall hereafter be directed and appointed ed m

by the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty for that Purpose; but Manner as the if it shall happen, that the Rates of Tonnage or other Dues for 's0",f Carriage on the said antient Canal, cannot be specified and ascertained antient Canal to the Satisfaction of the Wharfingers or other Officers belonging to the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, upon the Entrance of any Goods, collected s Wares, or Merchandizes, or other Articles, into the said antient Canal, "Ge tamot or on the Arrival of them at the Quay at Exeter, which are intended to be i,- liertam-carried on or upon the said intended Canal from Exeter to Crediton afore- ^a-

said, without causing the same to be unpacked and taken out of the Barge, tu *r officers, Boat, or Vessel in which the same shall be conveyed, which would be at- jvul1 tended with Delay and Inconvenience, then and in such Case, upon No- gojjs into tice given by the Wharfinger or other Officer appointed by the said Mayor, the wtient Bailiffs, and Commonalty, to the Wharfinger or Receiver of the Rates and the"? Arrival Dues in respect of the said intended Canal or Navigation, that the Rates «thrQu ,y at and Dues payable to the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, have not ounsdngun-been settled and paid, such Wharfinger or Receiver of the said intended picked or un-Canal or Navigation Dues, when such Barge, Boat, or Vessel shall be [°*d^inpo_ unladen on such new Canal or Navigation, or any Wharf belonging to ny's Receiver the said Company of Proprietors, shall take a particular Account of all and every the Articles of such Lading, and the Size, Dimensions, and officer of the Weight thereof, and render such Account to the Wharfinger or other "f-

Officer employed by the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and also, ment°"t 'their collect! and receive the Rates of Tonnage or other Dues payable to the said t,kc 1 Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, in respect of such Lading or Cargo, Account of for passing on the said antient Canal, according to any particular or ge- th' L’din^the neral Directions which shall be given to him by the Wharfinger or other veiw u'ali U* Officer of the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty for that Purpose, and unladen on shall account for and pay over the fame, from Time to Time, to such Wharfinger or other Officer, for the Use, and on the Account of the said collect the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty.

etc. of Exeter, for passing on the antient|Caml, and pay the same over to their Officer.

XCIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That upon the Entrance The Matter of any Boat, Barge, or Vessel into the said antient Canal, at the opening fntended to"1 thereof from Tofsham, which is intended to pass on from the said antient pais from the Canal into the said intended Canal or Navigation from Exeter to Crediton aforesaid, the Mailer or other Person having the Care and Government of tended Navi-such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall give an Account in Writing of the Particulars of the Lading or Cargo of such Boat, Barge, or Vessel, the antient! and the Size, Weight, and Dimensions of the several Articles and Packages therein contained, to the Officer or Servant belonging to the said written Ac-Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, who shall admit such Barge, Boat, or ,lief

Vessel into the said antient Canal, and shall also give, or cause to be his Lading? given, the like Account to the Wharfinger or other Officer of the said rte- to the" Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty at the Quay at Exeter, before such <)a^Jcl^a0yfor, the Barge, Boat, or other Vessel shall pass by the Quay at Exeter, when and etr. of Enter, where the Rates of Tonnage, and other Dues payable in respect of the Account^M*1" Lading or Cargo thereof for passing through the said antient Canal, shall their officer be paid to the said Wharfinger or other Officer belonging to the said Mayor,

Bailiffs, and Commonalty, in case such Rates or Dues have been or can be t ie Dues for ascertained to the Satisfaction of such Wharfinger or other Officer, but other- PJlj;ns on

0 r the antient

Canal Ikali be

1092 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

P i 1. the wife' the same to be ascertained, paid, collected, and received by the Wharfin-a Rer> Receiver, or Officer belonging to the said intended Canal or Navigation,

other, ife the upon Notice to him given, that such Rates and Dues have not been paid kT "l.c0,1 at {'1S 0il3y at Exei*r :>s aforesaid, and to be accounted for and paid over chieft’-a rmii by him to the Wharfinger at Exeter as before-mentioned; and lb in like th 'Vo',l y Manner the Matter or other Person having the Care or Government of lWny, o.ii. any Barge, Boat, or Vessel coming down the said intended Canal from £tr\ Credit on to Exeter, shall, before such Barge, Boat, or Vessel shall enter

M. -'n-r th- into faM antient Canal at the Quay at Exeter, render an Account of ovrti.r »' the Lading or Cargo contained therein, and the Amount of the Tonnage cuiMn" 'iown an^ R*ues which have been paid, or are payable in respect of the Passage tiic mtfn'iat of such Boat, Barge, or Vessel, upon or through the said intended Canal lVom'cw ton or Navigation, and the Rates of Tonnage or Dues in respect of the Lad-iiuii, p cviuus ing or Cargo contained therein for passing upon or through the said auto ctUcrm; tient Canal, shall be paid, collected, recovered, and received, in such Ctn.il at the Manner as the fame have been accustomed to be paid, recovered, and Q11.1v at Ex. received.

cur, iu'ilish

a Hk* Account, and the Amount of the Dues which hive been paid hv him for mffin* through the intended Navigation* and the Rates which shall he duu for passing through ihe antieiu Canal, shall be paid a* htrctoRrc.

Ths Mayor, XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, eimoweiedto Bailiffs, and Commonalty, shall be at Liberty, from Time to Time, to make- farther make such other Orders and Regulations for the better ascertaining, collccl-'o-^coi'e'mn 'nS’ recovering, and receiving the Rates, Tonnage, and other Dues, for their ron- 0 passing on the said antient Canal, as they might before the passing of this 11 age lor p if-ling on their antient Canal.

Fine, anil XCV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfei-Furfcitures. tures, inflicted by this Act, or which shall be inflicted by any Rule, Order, or, Bye Law to be made in pursuance thereof, (the levying and recovering whereof is or are not particularly herein-before directed), shall in case of Non-payment thereof, on Conviction of the Offenders respectively, on his, her, or their Confession, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall bC or reftde, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices; and every such Justice is hereby authorized and required to examine Witnesses on Oath, and hear and determine the fame; and all such Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, (the Application whereof is not herein-before particularly directed), shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be applied and disposed of for the Use of the said Company, and the Overplus of the Money raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, and the Expences of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for Want of sufficient Distress, and in case the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6i.

pro

XC

VI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress fTiaJI be made for any Sum or Sums of Money, to be levied by virtue of this Act, the I) id refs frr^uVwity itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making >" D to the fame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect [hrSpec?"/* or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Dili refs, or Damage, other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Partiesdistraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

XCVII. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, 6e it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form, (yidtlicit);

T)F. it remembered, that on the Day of in the Form of

‘ n Year of our Lord A.B. is to"*l£non-

‘ convicted before me C.D. one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for ‘ the County of [specifying the Offence, and the Time and

‘ Place when and where committed, as the case may be~\ contrary to an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of King ‘ George the Third, intituled, \Joere set forth the 'Title of this Acts\.

4 Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above mentioned.’

XCVIII. And be it further enacted,'Thatif any Person or Persons shall think Prom a?, himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgement made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye. Law, or Order of the Laid Company Quarter Sef-of Proprietors or their Successors, or by any Order, Judgement, or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, then and in such Case, he,

(he, or they may, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions to be holden in and for the County in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise, (first giving Ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Nature thereof, and within Three Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with Two furtkient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon); and the said Justices shall upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, either hear and determine the said Appeal at such General Quarter Sessions, or if they think proper may adjourn the hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County; and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such printed Rule, Bye Law,

Order, or Determination, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; Proc;«ding« but no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act, shall "ot,.to,b;

r. D vr ’ , q.nlhe.t for

[_Loc. xsr Per. j a I be want of

1094

Form, nor removed by Ctrtieran.

Limitation

Actions.

[Publick Act.]

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6t.

be quadied or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall have ceased, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Matter in Dispute, or Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall or may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act, and it it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time so limited for bringing the same, or in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

C. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever as such, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 61.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the several Parishes of Saint Michael and the Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry and County of the fame City; and for exempting the Vicars of the said Parishes from being rated to the Relief of the Poor in respect of certain Assessments.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS the Poor within the several Parishes of Saint Michael Preamble, and the Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry and County of the fame City are very numerous, and have of late Years greatly increased, and consist principally of Manufacturers: And whereas by placing the Management of the Poor of the said Parishes in One Body of Directors, to be chosen as herein-after mentioned, and the providing of a convenient House or Houses for the Reception and Employment of such Poor, and the granting proper Powers for their Support, Government, and Employment, the Poor would be better maintained and provided for, and the Rates for their Relief would be rendered much, less burthensome to the said Parishes; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi*

[Lee. tsf Per. j ia T ritual

‘ (H

1098

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assern-incorporation bled, and by the Authority of the same, That front and after the passing andt^uaUka- th* Adf all and every Person and Persons rated and assessed to the tion. Relief of the Poor of either of the said Parishe*, and seised in his or their own Right, or in Right of their Wives, of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Tithes, either in Fee or for Life, or for a Term of Ten Years absolute or upwards, or for a Term of Years determinable on One or more Life or Lives of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds or upwards; and also all and every Person and Persons rated and assessed to the Relief of the Poor, for or in respect of any Lands or Tenements situate, or in respect of any Tithes arising and increasing within either of such Parishes respectively, of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds or upwards, shall be and are hereby declared to be incorporated, and shall be called by the Name of The Guardians of the Poor of the several Parishes of Saint Michael and the Holy Trinity in the City of Coventry and County of the fame City, and shall for ever thereafter be and be deemed and taken to be One Body Politick and Corporate in Law to all Intents and Purpose , and shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and shall be enabled to sue and plead, and be sued by that Name in all Courts whatsoever, and by that Name shall and may, without License in Mortmain, purchase, take, or receive any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and take and receive the Gift, Alienation, or Devise of any Person or Persons for any Estate or Interest whatsoever j and all Persons whatsoever are hereby enabled to convey and devise the fame, and to give and bequeath any Goods, Money, or Chattels whatsoever, for the Use and Benefit of the Corporation aforesaid, and by that Name the said Corporation may and are hereby empowered to convey, assign, transfer, or dispose of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Money, Goods, or Chattels, or any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Money, Goods, or Chattels, which they may hereafter purchase for the Purposes of this Act, as there shall be Occasion, subject to the Provisions and Regulations herein-after contained.

Kiril Meeting

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Guardians as shall tochou&Di- reside 'n the Parish of Saint Michael aforesaid, shall, on the Third IVed-settors. vefday next after the Day on which this Act shall have received the Royal Assent, between the Hours of Eleven o’Clock in the Forenoon and One o’Clock in the Afternoon of the same Day, meet and assemble at the County Hall in the said City of Coventry, and shall then and there nominate and appoint Ten of the most discreet of the Guardians resident in the same Parish of Saint Michael to be Directors; and that such of the said Guardians w ho shall reside in the Parish of the Holy Trinity aforesaid shall, on the Third Thwfday next after the Day on which this Act shall have received the Royal Aflent, between the Hours of Eleven o’Clock in the Forenoon and One o’Clock in the Afternoon of the same Day, meet and assemble at the said County Hall, and shall then and there nominate and appoint Eight of the mod discreet of the Guardians resident in the feme Parish of the Holy Trinity to be Directors, which Eighteen Persons so nominated and appointed shall be and be called Directors of the Poor of the United Parishes of Saint Michael and the Holy T rinity, in the City and County of the Lily of Coventry; and the said Directors so elected shall be and continue Directors until the Second Wednesday after Ea/ler, which will be in the Year of cur Lord One thousand eight hundred and three;

and

1099

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

and that on the WedneJJay next before Easter, which will be in the said Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, Nine of the said Directors shall be ballotted to go out of the said Direction in Manner following; (videlicet), Five by Lot out of the Ten appointed for the said Parish of Saint Michael, and Four by Lot out of the said Eight appointed for the said Patish of the Holy Trinity; and which said Nine Directors so ballotted to go out of the said Direction shall, on the said Second lVed-nesday after Easter, which will be in the said Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, cease to be Directors, or to have any Share in the said DiTedlion, and the Remainder shall continue to act as such Directors, and Nine others shall be elected as herein after mentioned, in the Place and Stead of those going out, which said Nine Dite&ors so to be defied, together with the Nine remaining Directors, shall be and continue Directors for the Space of One Year, ending on the said Second IVctU nesday after Easter, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and four; and at the F.xpiration thereof the said Nine Directors who shall have served in the said Direction from the Commencement of this Act, shall quit the said Direction, and Nine others shall be elected in their Place and Stead in the Manner herein-after mentioned, who, with the remaining Nine Directors who shall have served in the Year preceding, shall in like Manner be and continue Directors for Cr.eYear, ending on the Second Wednesday after Easter then next en-suing-, and at the End of that Year the said Nine Directors who shall have served in the said Direction the Two preceding Years shall quit the said Direction, and Nine others shall be appointed and elected in their Stead in the Manner htrein-after mentioned, and so from Year to Ycat, ending on the Second Wed nesday after Easter in each Year, the Persons who shall have served as Directors for Two Years, shall, at the End of each Year, quit the Direction, and Nine others shall be chosen in their Room in Manner herein-after mentioned, who shall be and continue Directors until they shall be respectively displaced as aforesaid, when others shall be elected in their Room as aforesaid, which Mode of Succession shall be invariably observed in every succeeding Year for ever.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Nine Persons who in each Year, beginning with the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, are to be chosen Directors of the said Poor, in the Room of those who shall then quit the said Office, shall be elected and chosen in Manner following; (that is to say), on the Monday after Easter, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, between the Hours of Eleven o’clock in the Forenoon and One o’Clock in the Afternoon of the same Day, and on the Monday after Easter in each succeeding Year, between the Hours of Eleven o’clock in the Forenoon and One o’Clock in the Afternoon of the fame Dav, such of the said Guardians as shall be resident in the Parish of Saint Michael aforesaid, shall meet and assemble at the said County Hall in the said City of Coven, try, and shall then and there nominate and appoint Five of the moll dip-erect of the said Guardians, resident in the said Parish of Saint Michael, to be Directors; and that such of the said Guardians as shall reside in the Parish of the Holy Trinity aforesaid, shall on the Tuesday after Easter, which will be in the said Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and One o’clock in the Afternoon of the same Day, and on the Tuesday

after

Guardians ch ofe succeeding Directors.

I 100

Guardians to choole Directors in the Room of any dying, etc.

Guardians rated in either Pari flits to *o /. to vote in either.

Chairman of Meetings t Guardi.im; to tranl-nit Names of Director.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

after Easter in each succeeding Year, between the Hours of Eleven o’Clock in the Forenoon and One o’Clock in the Afternoon of the same Day, meet and assemble at the said County Hall, and shall then and there nominate and appoint Four of the mostdifereet of the said Guardians resident in the said Parish of the Holy Trinity, to be Directors, which said Nine Directors so elected as last aforesaid, shall be and continue Directors in the Place and Stead of those quitting the said Direction for the Space of Two Years, ending on the Second Wednesday after Easter which Mode of Election shall invariably be observed in every succeeding Year for ever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death or Removal out of the City of Coventry and County of the fame City, or the neglecting or refusing to act, or to continue to act, of any of the said Directors, before the End or Expiration of the Term lor which he or they shall or may be hereafter elected and chosen in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving and remaining Directors, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required to cause Notice to be given on some Sunday in the Church in the Parish for which such Direc-for served, (which Notice, and also all other Notices hereby so directed to be given, the Mini Iter or Curate officiating in such Church, is hereby required to read, or cause to be read immediately after Morning Service and before the Sermon), and also by publick Advertisement in the Coventry Newspaper, of the Time of a Meeting of the Guardians for the said Parish, to be had for the Purpose of elefHng and appointing a new Director or Directors in the Room of the Director or Directors so dying, removing, ne'glefling, or refusing to act, and such Meeting shall be appointed to be held within the Space of Ten Days from the Time of giving such Notice, and such Notice shall be given Three Days at least before the Time of holding such Meeting; and the major Part of the Persons present at such Meeting shall, and they are hereby respectively required to cleft and chuse One or more Person or Persons, being an Inhabitant of the said Parish, and qualified as aforesaid, to fill up such Vacancy or Vacancies as may so happen as aforesaid, and to hold the said Office of Director or Directors for and during the Remainder of the said Term for which the Director or Directors so dying, removing, neglecting, or refusing to act, was appointed or chosen; and every Director so from Time to Time to be elected and chosen, shall have the fame Power and Authority to act in the Execution of this Act, as the Director, in whose Room or Stead he shall be so appointed or chosen, had by virtue of this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for either or any of the said Guardians who shall be rated and assessed to the Sum of Twenty Pounds and upwards in either of the said Parishes, to vote in the Choice of Directors for the Parish in which he or they shall be so rated, although such Guardian or Guardians shall not reside in the said Parishes, or either of them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That at the Meetings of the said Guardians a Chairman shall be appointed, which Chairman for the Time being of any such Meeting of the Guardians of either of the said Parishes at which any Election of a Director or Directors shall take place, shall, and he is hereby required, in Seven Days after the Election or Choice of any Director or Directors so to be chosen at such Meeting respectively as

aforesaid,

I IOI

41° GEORGII III.' Cap. 62.

aforesaid, to transmit the Name or Names of such Director or Directors foelefted and chosen at such Meeting respectively unto the Clerk of the said Directors to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, or in case there shall be no Clerk, to the next Meeting of the said Directors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have been Directorshav. appointed and elected a Director, and who shall have acted and served as

a Director for and during the Spqce of Four Years together, shall be ap- t |?Miier*n t pointed or elected as a Director, or act or serve again as a Dirt-stor, *j>f"',^'in until the Expiration of One Year from the Time of such his acting or Jli'aiioiTof* Service. Ul,e Ycir-

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Npitocnm pci this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to compel

any Person residing in either of the said Parishes of S.iir.t Michael or the recto.5 «-Holy Triray to take upon himself and execute any Office created by this e,"f1 b> Ll'*-Act, who is or may be otherwise exempt by Law from the Execution of any such Office.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Di- n:r 'or 10 rector appointed or chosen for the Purposes of this Act, before he shall '-*Ke a"0jth-take upon himLlf the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities

hereby given to the said Directprs, except of administering the Oath to be taken by the said Directors, shall take an Oath in the Form following

(that is to say)

‘ t /f. B. do swear, That I will truly, faithfully, and impartially, accord- The Oath.

* ing to the bed of my Judgement, aft in the Execution an'd Pef-

formance of all and every the Trusts, Powers, and Authorities veiled ‘ in me as a Director, by virtue of an Act passed in the Eorty-first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here

Jetforth the Title of the Ad. J So help me GOD.*

Which Oath shall and may be administered by any Seven or more of the Persons appointed or chosen to be Directors to any other or others of them.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Director so Directors to appointed or to be chosen as aforesaid, shall within Five Days after being (^Xkatiotij required by the Directors, or any Seven or more of them, deliver or cause if requires, to be delivered to the Clerk to the said Directors for the Time being, an Account in Writing under his Hand of his Qualification to be appointed

or chosen a Director; and in case any such Director, being so required as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Qualification as aforesaid, or on being the reunto required by the said Directors, or any Seven or more of them, shall neglect or refuse to verify such Qualification on Gath, (which Oath any Seven or more of the said Directors are hereby empowered to administer), then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors, or any Seven or more of them, to order and direct that such Director so neglecting or refusing to deliver i'uch Qualification, or to verify the fame on Oath as aforesaid, shall and do cease to be a Director, and to cause another Director to be elected and chosen in his Place and Stead, in the same Manner as is herein-before [Lee. ft? Per.~] 12 Z mentioned

1102

t)ire&ors to accept the Offices or forfeit uot more than 100/ nor less than 50/. and another to be elected.

No Person to he liable to be re elected into the Office of Director within Five Years afte« his having duly fej ved; nor a w Person under the ASe of Twenty one or of the Age of Seventy Years. Appointing the First Meeting.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

mentioned in case of the Death of any or either of the said Directors.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be duly appointed or elected into the Office of Director by virtue of this Act shall wilfully or designedly, and without reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Justices before whom the Penalty herein-after mentioned is directed to be recovered, refuse or neglect to accept and take upon himself such Office, or to take the said Oath, being the reunto required by Notice In Writing under the Hands of Seven or more of the said Directors, given to him or left at his usual Place of Abode, appointing a Time and Place for him to attend to take the said Oath, or in lieu of accepting such Office, shall wilfully and designedly, and without reasonable Cause, to be allowed by such Justices as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to act therein from Time to Time for and during the Time for which he shall be appointed to serve as before mentioned, as the Duty of his Office shall require, then and in every such Case, (upon Complaint made by any of the Directors appointed by or in pursuance of this Act, or by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Directors, or any Two of the Guardians of either of the said Parishes, and Oath made by some credible Witness before any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City of Coventry and County of the fame of such Refusal or Neglect), each and every Person and Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor less than Fifty Pounds, to be paid to the Treasurer of the said Directors, and applied for the Maintenance of the Poor, and otherwise in putting this Act into Execution, and another Person shall be elected in his Stead in Manner herein-before directed.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be elected a Director, and shall take upon him the said Office, and act therein from Time to Time, for and during the Space of Two Year? or upwards, and as the Duty of such Office shall require, shall be liable, without his own Consent, to be again elected to serve the Office of Director within the Space of Five Years; nor shall any Person under the Age of Twenty-one Years be capable, or above the Age of Seventy Years or upwards be liable or compellable to take upon him the Place or Office of Director under this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall and may and they are hereby required to hold their Pirfl Meeting at the County Hall in the said City, on the Second Wednesday after their Election, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, and shall then and there proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall and may after that Time meet by Adjournment at the fame or any other Place in either of the said Parishes, as shall be agreed on by the Directors present at any Meeting; and if there shall not attend at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Directors to act and to adjourn to another Day, or the Directors present shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, then the Clerk to the said Directors for the Time being shall adjourn the Meeting to the Wednesday next after such lassi Meeting was held, or appointed to have been held, causing such Notice in Writing of such Adjournment to be given to'

iio3

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

the Directors for the Time being, and the Directors present at all Meetings shall defray their own Expences; and all such Directors as are or shall be Justices of the Peace may act as Justices in the Execution of this Act, (except in Cases where they shall be personally interested) notwithstanding their being D’rectors.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That General (Quarterly Meetings of the said Directors shall be held in pursuance of this Act at the following Times in every Year, (that is to say) on the First Wednesday in January, the Second Wednesday after Easter, the First Wednesday in July, and the First Wednesday in October, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon of each of the said Days respectively; and that the First of the said General Quarterly Meetings shall be held on the First Wednesday in the Month of October, next after the passing of this Act at the County Hall in the said City, and all subsequent General Quarterly Meetings shall be held at such Place as the Directors present at their Quarterly Meetings shall from Time to Time direct and appoint.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear to any Seven or more of the said Directors proper and expedient that a Meeting of the said Directors should be held, in consequence of any Neglect or Default in adjourning any Meeting in Manner herein-before provided, or at any other Time than the respective Meeting shall then (land adjourned to, it shall be lawful for any Seven or more of them to summon a Meeting of the said Directors at some convenient Time and Place within One of the said Parishes, by giving Two Days Notice in Writing thereof, to be delivered to the said Directors respectively, or left at his or their usual Place of Abode; and it shall be lawful for the Directors present at such Meeting, or their Clerk, to continue such Meeting by Adjournment, in like Manner as is herein-before provided in respect of the F'irft Meeting of the said Directors, and all such Meetings shall be deemed good and valid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to and vested in the said Directors, shall and may be exercised and executed by the major Part of the Directors present at any Meeting held pursuant to this Act, (the Number of Directors present at such Meeting not being leis than Seven, except in Cases where any other Number is herein particularly mentioned and directed); and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of such major Part so present shall have the fame Force and Effect as if done or made by all the Directors.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Business to be done or transacted by the said Directors, or by any Number of the said Directors in pursuance of this Act, except such Business as any Five or other less Number of the said Directors are hereby empowered to do, shall be by them done or transacted, except at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Directors present at every Meeting shall, before they proceed to any other Business, except admi-

niftering

Q;i-.rt!r!r

Meet ng

Occasional Meeting*.,

Quorum of the Directors.

No Business to be done by Di-rcrftrrs but at Meetings, except where Five or any lef* Number arc empowered to act.

A Chairman to be chosen.

1104

Bye taws may

be made j

to be entered in a B ^ok with other Proceedings.

No Bye Law to be repealed \inleft by a

f* eater Num-er tran made i\ or by a Majority of all the Directors.

Officers.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

niflering the Oath to Directors, cleft One of the Directors then present to be Chairman of such Meeting, and if at any Meeting any Question shall be put to the Vote, and there shall be an Equality of Votes for and against the Question, then and in every such Caie the Chairman present shall have the calling and decisive Vote.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors, and they have hereby lull Power and Authority from Time to Time, to make such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations for the regulating their own Proceedings, and for the better maintaining, governing, employing, managing, and regulating the Poor of the (hid Pa-ri(hes as to them shall seem propeT and expedient, so that no such Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation be repugnant to the Laws of (his Realm; and all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and all other Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Directors shall be entered by their Clerk for the Time being in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Chairman of the Meeting at which the same shall be made, and which Book or Books may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts and Places whatsoever, and all such Bye Laws shall be printed and published by the said Directors.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Rule, Bye Law, Order, Regulation, Act, or Proceeding of the said Directors shall be repealed or revoked, unless by a Majority of a greater Number of the Directors present at some subsequent Meeting than were present at the making or doing thereof, or by a Majority of the Whole of the Directors appointed or chosen by virtue of this Act, and unless Fourteen Days Notice of the Intention of repealing the same shall have been given in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the said Directors, to all the said Directors for the Time being, or left at his or their Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors, by any Writing under the Common Seal of the said Guardians, from Time to Time to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Rates herein-after directed to be raised for the Purposes of this Act, or of any other Property belonging to or to be raised on Account of the said Guardians, a Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors of the Works, Mailer or Mailers, Mistress or Miltreffes of the Workhouse or Workhouses, and such other Officer or Officers as they shall think necessary or proper, for the Performance of the Purports of this Act, taking such Security from them respectively for the due Execution of their Offices as they the said Directors shall think proper; and the said Directors may from Time to Time remove such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or ColPcters, Clerk or Clerks, or other Officers or Persons aforesaid, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or shall die, or discontinue, or resign, or become incapable of performing his, her, or their Office or Employment, and the said Directors are hereby empowered to allow and pay to every such Officer or other Person such Salary out of the Money to be from Time to Time received by the said Directors for the Purposes of the Act as the said Directors shall think proper.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62. *105

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Di- officers not to teflors shall from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, before they ^('1*0-proceed to the Election of any Rich Treasuret or Treasurers, Collector or ncetoaiithe Collectors, Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors of the Works, Mailer Director*.

or Mailers, Mistress or Mistresses of the Workhouse or Workhouses, or such other Officer or Officers, appoint a Day and a Time for such Election, and cause Fourteen Days Notice in Writing thereof to be given, signed by their Clerk or Chairman, to all the Directors for the Time being, of left at his or their Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode.

XXIII. And for the more speedy Execution of the Purposes of this Act, Forraifing be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors, under the Common Seal of the said Corporation, to raise by Annuities on Lives, or upon Bond or other Security, with Interest for the fame, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as the said Directors shall find necessary and expedient to raise, which Sum or Sums when raised shall be vested in the said DireSnrs for the Purposes of this Act; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Directors for the Time being, or of such other Person or Persons as they the said Directors shall by any Writing under the Common Seal of the said Corporation authorize to receive the same for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds for the absolute Purchase of Annuities, to be paid and payable during the natural Life or Lives of such Contributor of Contributors respectively, or the natural Life or Lives of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of such Contributor or Contributors respectively at the Time of Payment of their respective Contribution Money, so as no such Annuity shall, for every Hundred Pounds to be advanced and paid as aforesaid, exceed Ten Pounds per Annum for One Life, or Seven Pounds per Annum for Two Lives; and all which Annuities shall be paid and payable by the said Di-teflors Half yearly, in such convenient Place as the said Directors shall appoint for that Purpose.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, "Phat it shall not be lawful for the said Directors to raise or borrow the said Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, without the Consent of the Guardians, or the major Part of them, assembled at a publick Meeting or Meetings to be held for that Purpose at the County Hall of the said City being first had and obtained, directing the Gross Amount of the Sum to be raised as aforesaid, and of which Meeting or Meetings Seven Days Notice in the Coventry Newspaper shall have been given by the said Directors, or any Seven or more of them.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said or on De'.«n-Directors, or any Seven or more of them, if they should think it more y*for beneficial for the said Parishes, to raise and borrow the aforesaid Sum of eirs‘ Fifteen thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, on Debentures of Fifty

Pounds each, bearing an Interest at the Rate of not more than Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for such Term as shall be agreed upon

CLot. & Per.] , 13 A between

Dire; tors not toboriow Money without Consent of Guardian*

1 io6

Money raised how to be Charged,

Hi rectori not to j:.y off more than F ve

hundred Pounds fVn* cipal Money out ot One Year’s Rate.

Orders as to railing and paying off Money to be approved of by Diecttrs.

41® G E ORGII III. Cap. 62.

between the said Directors, under the Common Seal of the said Corporation, and the Person or Persons advancing such Monty respectively, or by a Tontine, instead of raising the fame by Annuities as aforesaid, which Sum or Sums, when so raised, shall be veiled as aforesaid for the Purposes of this Act; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomso. ever to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Directors for the Time being, or of such other Person or Persons as they the said Directors shall by any Writing under the Common Seal of the said Corporation authorize to receive the same, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money dpj exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two thousand Pounds on such Debentures or by Tontine as aforesaid; and all the Interest which shall become due thereon shall be paid and payable by the said Directors Half yearly, in such convenient Place as the said Directors shall appoint for that I’urpose.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased, and the Interest of the Money so to be raised on Debentures or other Security under or by virtue of this Act shall be, and the fame is and are hereby charged upon and made payable from Time to Time out of the Monies to arise by the Rate or Rates to be made yearly, or otherwise, for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parishes of Saint Michael and the Holy Trinity; and that all and every the Contributor or Contributors of any Money upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Consideration or Purchase Money for any such Annuity or Annuities, Debenture or Debentures, or other Security as aforesaid, or such Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall receive and enjoy and be entitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased, or the Inlerell of such Debenture or Debentures, or other Security out of the said Rate or Rates by this Act charged therewith; and all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers of all and every such Annuity or Annuities, Debenture or Debentures, or other Security, and his, her, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns shall have a good, sure, ablblute, and indeteafible Estate, Right, and Interest in and to the said Annuities or Debentu es, or other Securities so to be by them respectively purchased as aforesaid, according to the Tenor and Meaning of this Act.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and

may be lawful for the said Directors to apply any fart of the Monies to arise by the Rate or Rates to be made in the Manner herein-after mentioned in Payment and Discharge of the Principal Monies borrowed by them by virtue of this Act, so as that not more than Five hundred Pounds in the Whole be paid off and discharged out of the Rates so to be raised in any One Year.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order or Agreement made by the said Directors for the raising of any Sum of Money, or granting of any Securities for Monies borrowed by the said Directors by virtue of this Act, or the paying off any Part of the Principal of the Monies borrowed by virtue of this Act, or the purchasing of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, nor any Order for the raising

iio7

41° GEORGII III. Cap. (>2.

of any Rate or Rates, or ascertaining the Sum to be raised by Rich Rate or Rates, shall be made at any Meeting, unlei's Seven at lead of the said Directors shall be present at such Meeting; and that no Security for any Money under the Common Seal of the said Corporation shall be valid and binding, unless the same shall all'o be approved by Seven of the said Directors, to be signified by Writing under their Hands.

XXIX. And it is further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Annuity or Annuities, Debenture or Debentures, or other Security as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to a(Tign the fame or any Part thereof respectively, or his, her, or their Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, as often as Occasion shall require, which Assignment, after a Memorial thereof shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by or by Order of the said Directors, shall be effectual to vest the fame in the Afiigr.ee or Assignees.

XXX. And, in order to raise an adequate Fund to enable the said Directors to carry into Execution the several Trusts hereby in them reposed, be it further enacted, That the said Directors at their First Meeting, or at any subsequent Meeting or Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall and may, and the said Directors are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time to fix and ascertain such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be needful from Time to Time to be raised and paid by each of the said Parishes respectively, for paying the Interest of the Money to be borrowed as aforesaid, and for defraying the Expences of the Maintenance of the Poor, and for and towards paying off and discharging the Principal Money to be borrowed as aforesaid, and for the other Purposes of this Act; and the said Directors shall be, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to issue an Order in Writirg under their Hands, or under the Hands of Seven or more of them, to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of each of the said Parishes respectively, requiring them to levy and raise such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so fixed and ascertained, and to pay over the fame in Manner herein-afceT mentioned to the Treasurer of the said Directors for the Time being, whose Receipt for the same shall be a sufficient Discharge to such respective Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for so much Money as he shall actually receive; and for raising the Sums fixed and ascertained by the said Directors, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of each of such Parishe- respectively, shall and they are hereby required from Time to Time, to make a Rate in each of such Parishes for the Relief of the Poor in such Manner, and upon such Persons and Property, and with such Approbation, and to be so published as Rates for the Relief of the Poor in each of such Parishes respectively are made by virtue of the Laws now in being and in force, and sufficient to raise so much Money as shall be necessary to pay the Sum which Avail be fixed and ascertained as the Quota upon each of the said respective Parishes by the said Directors, for all which Sums of Money so assessrd by the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or so much thereof as is sufficient to pay and satisfy the Sum ascertained as the Quota to be raised by each of the said Parishes respectively, in case of any Deficiency the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the Parish whereon the Sum of Money in respect of which

Annuities,^.

afltgr.abla.

For making Assessments-

f hurch warden* and Overseers to make and collect the Kate*;

in Case of Deficiency Re*afien'ment to be maue.

llo8- 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

£or levying the Rate.

AfTcfments to be trade on the Parirttcs in certain Proportions.

If the Sum raised by auyr Rate exceed the Quota ro be ra led by the Parish, the fame t'be paid to the Directors, who are to allow it in the next Order.

such Deficiency arises shall be so assessed shall be answerable, and shall be compellable to make up and pay such Deficiency upon Re-assessment, which in that Cafe is hereby directed to be made by the said Churchwardens and Overseers in like Manner as the first Assessment, and such Taxes and Assessments, and also such Re-assessments for the Sums so fixed and ascertained shall be assessed, levied, and recovered in such and the like Manner as Money assessed for the Relief of the Poor is by the Law now in being and in Force to be assessed, levied, and recovered, and wiih the fame Power of Appeal to Persons aggrieved, except as herein-after is mentioned; and all the like Remedies, Powers, Rules, Methods, Costs, and Penalties given and applied for ascertaining, levying, and collecting the Rates for the Relief of the Poor by virtue of the Laws now in force and in being, (except where other Provisions are made by this Act), shall be put in force and applied, and are hereby given for ascertaining, levying and collecting the Rates to be made by virtue of this Act, and any Costs, Charges, and Penalties which may accrue in respect thereof, in like Manner as if the fame Remedies, Powers, Rules, Methods, Costs, and Penalties were particularly set forth in this Act.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Sums so to be fixed and ascertained by the said Directors in pursuance of this Act, as the Quota of each Parish for the Relief and Support of the Poor in such Parishes, shall be fixed and ascertained upon the said Parishes in the Proportion herein-after mentioned, (that is to say). Two-third Parts for the said Parish of Saint Michael, and One-third Part for the said Parish of the Holy Trinity; and in case the Sum which shall be raised by any Rate to be made by virtue of this Act by Assessment on either of the said Parishes shall exceed the Sum which such Parish shall be liable to pay by the Order of the Directors directing such Rate to be made, the same shall nevertheless be paid over to the Treasurer of the said Directors for the Time being, whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the fame; and the said Directors shall and are hereby empowered to make an Allowance for the same to the Parish on whose Account the same shall be paid, in the next Crder which shall be made by them for a Rate on such Parish, after the Time of such Receipt.

For levying

XXXII. And whereas it may happen that many Persons liable to, and from Pei'Li?1' maY be Tated and assessed for the Relief of the Poor of the said Pa-

qnittinj rishes, may, before the Payment of the Sums which may be rated on them Houits, efr. respectively, quit and leave their Grounds, Dwelling Houses, Shops, oftfeeLinrin. Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and remove out of the Limits of the Parish or District for which they are rated, and thereby endeavour to avoid the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments, be it therefore enacted, That when any Person or Persons who hath or have been so rated and assessed, shall quit his or their Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditaments, before he, she, or they shall have paid the Rate or Assessment, and shall afterwards refuse or neglect to pay the same when due, and demanded by the Person or Persons authorized and appointed to collect and receive the same, such Demand having been made on such Person or Persons, either personally or by Writing left at his, her, or their Place of Abode, that then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Per-

1109

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

son or Persons authorized or appointed to collect the fame, or One of them, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two ot His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City of Coventry, and County of the fame City (which Warrant the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to grant), and such Warrant being first backed or counterfeited by some Magistrate of the County, City, or Liberty, where the Distrect Is to be made (which Warrant such Magistrate is hereby required to back or countersign) to didrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, and to sell the same, rendering the Overplus (if any be), after having deducted the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon Demand thereof made.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That in case the Directors may said Directors shall think proper to appoint a Collector or Collector* cofottoi^or of the Rates which shall be made in the said Parishes of Saint Michael c^lUconi of and the Holy Trinity, or either of them, in pursuance of this Act, that ehuVchwar-such Collector or Collectors shall, and he or they is or are hereby autho- <i<-ns, to rized and empowered to receive all Monies which shall be assessed by such

Rates as are herein-before directed to be made for the Purposes of this Act, and to levy the same, and all Cods, Charges, or Penalties which may be incurred in respect thereof, in like Manner as the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parishes, or any of them, are authorized and empowered by this Act, or by any other Law or Statute whatsoever to receive and levy the same; and that for enabling the said Collector or Collectors the better to collect the said Rates, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parishes respectively shall, within Five Days after any Rate to be made in pursuance of this Act shall be allowed by the Justices and published, deliver over such Rate, so made and allowed, to the said Collector or Collectors appointed for such Parish, or One of them; and that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parishes respectively, during so long Time as there shall be any such Collector or Collectors appointed to recrive the Rates of such Parish, shall not interfere or intermeddle in collecting and receiving the Monies assessed by virtue of the said Rates, nor be liable to any Penalty for not collecting the fame; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Churchwardens Power for and Overseers of the Poor of either of the said Parishes shall refuse or neglect to make a Rats in pursuance of any Order of the said Dir effort, Ratt if the or to procure the same to be allowed or published, within Seven Days £,nu,r^jir' after Notice of such Order given, either personally or by leaving a Copy ovuTeera of such Order at the lad Place of Abode of the Churchwardens or Over- ot seers, who ought to make such Rate or Rates, and by leaving such Order rr‘J <-with or at the Place of Abode of One of the said Churchwardens or Overseers, or in case such Churchwardens and Overseers shall have made such-

Rate or Rates, and shall refuse or neglect to deliver within the Time herein-before in that Behalf appointed, such Rate or Rates to such Collector or Collectors as shall or may be appointed by the said Directors, in Manner herein-before mentioned, to collect the fame, that then and in case of any such Refusal or Neglect, it shall and may be lawful for any Seven or more of the said Directors, and they are hereby required at any \JLqc. & Per.~\ 13 B Meeting

iiio

Penalty on Ch ircliw r-<Ln> and Overseer* not collecting Rate, or delivering them to Collector*.

Churchwardens and Ov reers to pay the Money collected to the Jrea-surer.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to make a Rate or Rate* for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish or Parishes for which such Rate hath not been made or delivered over as aforesaid, by the Churchwardens and Overseers for the Purpose of railing the Money directed by the said Order, in like Manner as the said Churchwardens and Overseers might have done, which Rate or Rates being allowed by Two of His Majesty's Justices for the said City of Coventry, and County of the lame, in like Manner as Rates for the Relief of the Poor are to be allowed, and which Rate or Rates the said Justices are hereby required to allow, on Proof being made before them by the Oath of One Witness (which Oa»h such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) of !uch Neglect or Refusal of the said Churchwardens and Overseers land which Allowance of the Justices shall, in all future Proceedings, be taken as conclusive Evidence of such Neglect or Refusal); and the fame Rate or Rates being published as Rates for the Relief of the Poor are to be published, shall be a good and valid Rate or Rates for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish for which the fame is or are made for all Intents and Purposes, and shall be binding on all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, as if made by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Parishes for which such Rate or Rates is or are made, subject nevertheless to the fame Power of Appeal by Persons aggrieved, as any other Rate made in pursuance of this Act is subject to.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who are or shall be chosen Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of either of the said Parishes of Saint Michael or the Holy ‘Trinity respectively, shall refuse or neglect to collect the Rates granted for the Relief of the Poor and for the Purposes of this Act for the Space of Fourteen Days after the same shall be allowed and published, and Complaint shall be made by the said Directors, or any of them, their Clerk or Treasurer, or if any of the said Churchwardens or Overseers shall, in case there shall be a Collector or Collectors of such Rates appointed by the said Directors, refuse or neglect to deliver over to such C 'lleftor or Collectors, or One of them, such Rate, within such Time as they are herein-before required to do, then and in any such Case, and upon Proof thereof made on Oath by some credible Witness before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the £ai City of Coventry and County of the fame City, of any such Refusal or Neglect, t and which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer) such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers respectively shall, unless he or they shall shew full and just Cause, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, why such Rates are not collected, or such Rates delivered over, forfeit to the TTeafurar of the said Directors, for the TJfe of the Poor of the said Parishes, a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, for every such Refusal or Neglect.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the said several Parishes of Saint Michael and the Holy Trinity, shall, at such Time or Times as the said Directors shall appoint, or within Three Days after he or they shall have received any Sum or Sums of Money, amounting

to

111!

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

to the Sum of Twenty Pounds or upwards, for the Relief of the Poof of either of the said Parishes. by virtue of any Rate or Rates already made or hereafter to be granted for that Purpose, or by any other Means whatsoever, render an Account, and pay the same into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Directors; and in Default of rendering such Account, and paying such Money as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City of Coventry and County of the fame City, and he or they are hereby required on Complaint made to him or them by the said Directors, or any Two or more of them, or by the Treasurer, and Proof thereof on Oath (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer) to enquire into the Matter of the said Complaint; and if any Party or Parties complained of shall not within Three Days after such Complaint shall have been heard and allowed by such Justice or Justices, render such Account, and pay the Money then remaining in his or their Hands as above directed, such Justice or Justices may and shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, cause to be levied, by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, so much Money as shall appear to such Justice or Justices to have been received by such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers, and not accounted for, and paid over and duly applied; and in case no Goods and Chattels shall be found sufficient to satisfy such Distress, and all Charges attending the fame, or in case any Party or Parties complained of as aforesaid, shall not within the Time aforesaid, render such Account as above required to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, whereby it may be properly ascertained with what Sum or Sums such Party or Parties ought to stand charged, then and in every such Case such Justice or Justices shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, commit such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers so making Default as aforesaid, to the Common Goal for the said City of Coventry and County of the fame City, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have rendered such Account, and paid or accounted for the Money so to be by him or them received and paid as aforesaid,

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be or act as Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of either of the said respective Parishes, or who shall have been or shall have acted as Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of either of the said Parishes within One Year last before the giving of such Notice as is next herein-after mentioned, shall, and they are hereby respectively required, upon Order or Notice in Writing, signed by Seven or more of the said Directors, delivered to them or left at their respective Places of Abode at lead Seven Days before the First or any subsequent Meeting of the said Directors, to attend such Meeting with the Books, Rates, and Accounts of the Receipts, Payments, and Expences of the Churchwardens and Overseers, for the Maintenance, Support, or on Account of the Poor of their respective Parishes, for any Time not exceeding Twenty Years then last pafl; and where no such Books shall have been kept, then with the original Rates and Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursemems made for the Maintenance of the Toor during that Time; and all and every Books, Rates, and Accounts so produced shall be verified, as to the Authenticity thereof, by the Oath or Oaths of the respective Churchwardens and Overseers, before

any

Pen Ity for omitting so to do*

Church war-(leas and

Uvc> leers to produce the 1*41 ifh books.

jiM? 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

♦ny Seven or more of the said Diefitors (who are hereby empowered to administer such Oaths'); and the said Churciiwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall leave all and every such Books, Rates and Accounts with the Clerk of the said Direfitors, to the End that the said Directors may examine the faipe for such Purposes as they may think necessary; and the Clerk of the said Direfitors shall return such Books, Rates, and Accounts to the said respe Ive Churchwardens and Overseers whenever they shall respectively demand the fame, after the Expiration of Fourteen Days from the Delivery thereof; and if any of the said Churchwardens or Overseers shall wilfully and designedly neglefit or refuse to produce or deliver such Books, Rates, and Accounts, or any of them, when so required, or to answer upon Oath such Questions as shall be proposed to them by the said Direfitors, or any of them, at such Meeting, as to the Truth and Authenticity thereof, every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds.

Present

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of

Furniture,*' the Ptefent Workhouses in the said Parishes, and of all Buildings and ev. vetted in Land belonging thereto, and of all the Materials got or provided for the Guardian;, building, altering, or repairing the fame, and of all Goods, Furniture, Provisions, Clothes, Apparel, Tools, Utensils, Materials, and Things whatsoever, had, made, used, bought, or provided for the Use, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor in the said Parishes respectively, and also all Sums of Money received or due for the Poors Work, or otherwise, shall be, and the same are hereby absolutely vetted in the said Corporation and their Sutcessors for the Purposes of this A fit, subject nevertheless to such Charges and Incumbrances as now affect the fame; and the said Directors are hereby empowered to enter upon and takePof-, session of the fame, and to bring Actions in the Name of the said Corporation against any Person or Persons who shall disturb them in the Possession thereof, or of any Part thereof.

Common Seal.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Common Seal of the said Corporation shall be kept by and in the Custody of the said Directors, and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Direfitors, or any Seven or more of them, to affix the Common Seal of the said Corporation to all Deeds or Writings to which it shall or may be necessary to affix the fame for the Purposes of this Act.

Directors em-

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Direfitors shall powered to have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized, at any Workhouses Time or Times hereafter, to contrafit or agree with the Owner or Owners, mndFurnrtnre, Occupier or Occupiers of, and all others interested in any Lands, Grounds, ^employing Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Parishes, for the purchasing the Poor. such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any or either of them, or so much thereof as the said Directors shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Afit, not exceeding Twenty Acres and to purchase the fame, and all Buildings thereon, in the Name of the said Corporation, and to take a Conveyance thereof to them and their Successors for ever; and upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be required for such Purchase or Purchases, 10 take Possession thereof, and to cause all Buildings thereon, or so much thereof as they shall think proper,

5 to

1113

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

to be pulled down and disposed of, and by new Erections, additional Buildings, or Alterations therein, as the said Directors shall think necessary, convert the fame into One or more HouTe or Houses, with suitable and requisite Offices, Outbuildings, Gardens, and Fences, for the better receiving, employing, and maintaining the Poor of the said P.trishes, and from Time to Time, as Occasion shall be and require, to enlarge and repair the said House or Houses, Offices, Outbuildings, Gardens, and Fences, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and also from Time to Time to purchase and provide suitable and necessary Furniture for the fame; and all such Materials, Utensils, and Things as shall be necessary and proper for maintaining, clothing, and employing, the Poor to be received into the said House or Houses; and the Consideration Money for the I’urchafe of such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and the Expences of erecting, building, or converting any Buildings for the Purpose of receiving, employing, and maintaining the Poor of the said Parishes as aforesaid, and furnishing the fame, and all other Expences to be incurred by the said Directors for the Time being, or by their Order or Direction, in or about the Execution of this Act, shall from Time to Time be paid and defrayed by the said Directors, out of the Monies to be raised, levied, and received by them from Time to Time in the Manner herein directed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That any Twelve or more of the said Directors m«y Directors, on Behalf of the said Corporation, may contract or agree Con' with any Person or Persons for building, altering, repairing, or iinishing the present Workhouses of the said Parishes, and Buildings belonging thereto, or such other House or Houses, and the Offices, Outbuildings,

Garden, and Fences, requisite or belonging thereto, as they the said Directors, or any Twelve or more of them, may think necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and all Contracts and Agreements made or entered into by or between the said Directors and any other Person and Persons whomsoever, relating to any Act, Matter, or Thing to be done or performed in Execution of this Act upon which more than the Sum of One hundred Pounds may be recovered, shall be reduced into Writing, and signed by Seven or more of the said Directors on Behalf of the said Corporation, and by the other Parties thereto, and shall be good, valid, and binding, as well upon the said Corporation and their Successors, at upon all other Parties thereto, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and in case of Breach thereof, Actions and Suits may be brought, maintained, and defended, and Damages and Costs recovered thereon against the said Corporation, or other Party or Parties refusing or neglecting to perform the same.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors (halt cause all Contracts made in pursuance of this Act, and all Receipts, Payments,

Debts, and Credits, and every Matter and Thing relating thereto, to be fairly written and entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; ai d all and every such Book and Books, and also the Book and Books herein before directed to be kept for entering the Acts and Proceedings of the said Directors, shall from Time to Time, and at all convenient Times be Open to the Inspection and Perusal of all and every Person or Persons who shall pay to the Poor’s Rates in the said Parishes.

{_Loc. &? Per.] 13 C X LII. Pro-

Contract*, to he entered In a Hook, and open to Inflection.

1114.

Publick Notice to be given of the Time of making Contracts for Buildings and Alterations.

No director or Treasurer to ho d any Place of Profit, or be concer ed in any Contract.

Accounts to be audited.

41° GEORGII III. Cup. 62.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That previous To the Day appointed for the Meetings of the said Directors (or the making of any Contrafts for erecting or finishing any Building or Buildings, or altering the Workhouses, or other House or Houses that may be provided for the Purposes of this Act, or for furnishing Materials for such Buildings or Alterations, in all Cases where the same shall amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds or upwards. Fourteen Days Notice of such Meetings to make such Contrafts shall be given in fbme publick Newspaper printed in the City of Coventry aforesaid, or in case of there not being any such publick Newspaper, then in such other publick Newspaper as (hah be printed and published at the Place nearest to the said City of Coventry, expressing the Purposes of such Contract, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame may cause Proposals for that Purpose to be offered and presented to the said Directors at the Time and Place mentioned in such Notice.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That no Director or Treasurer appointed by or chosen under and by virtue of this Act, shall hold or enjoy any Place of Profit or Advantage created by this Act, or under the Powers hereby given, or enter into, or be in any Manner beneficially interested or concerned in any such Contract or Agreement as aforesaid; and in case any Director or Treasurer shall hold or enjoy any such Place of Profit or Advantage, or enter into, or be in any Manner, directly or indirectly, beneficially interested in or concerned in any such ContraS or Agreement as aforesaid, he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is mentioned.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall, at their Quarterly Meeting herein-before appointed to be held, or oftener if they shall see Occasion, inspect the Accounts of the said Directors, and of the said Treasurer, and of the Master or Mistress, Matters or Mistresses of the said Workhouses, or other House or Houses, and of the other Officers to be chosen and appointed under this Act, and all other Accounts of the said Directors, and relating to the Trusts in the said Directors reposed; at which Quarterly Meetings, and other Meetings of the said Directors held for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Treasurer shall produce an Account of all Sums of Money by him received and paid, and the Vouchers for the fame; and the said Master or Mistress shall also produce and lay before every such Meeting an Account of all Sums of Money by him or her received, and also an Account how he or she has paid, laid out, and expended the fame, in as full, clear, and ditlinft a Manner as can or may be; and also shall deliver in a true and distinct Account of the Number of Persons in the said Workhouses, or other House or Houses occupied for the Purposes of this Act, distinguishing their Age and Sex, and how they are employed, and how much Money has been earned by their Labour in the preceding Quarter; and such Account shall be left at such of the said Workhouses, or other House or Houses, as the said Directors shall appoint, and shall be open at all seasonable Times to the Inspection and Perusal of all and every Person and Persons paying to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parishes; and such

Master

tus

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6t.

Master or Mstress (Iiall also verify on Oath the Truth of such Accounts, which Oath the said Directors, or any Seven of them, are hereby empowered to administer, a General Statement of which Accounts (Iiall be published annually by the said Directors, within Twenty-one Days after the Second Wednesday after Easter in each Year.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons rated and assessed and paying to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parishes, or either of them, shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, and be dissatisfied with the said Accounts and Expenditure of the said Directors, or any of them; it shall and may be lawful for him, her, or them, to appeal against such Accounts to the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of Warwick, such Appellant or Appellants first giving or caufrng to be given Fourteen entire Days Notice at lead in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Directors, and within Two Days after such Notice entering into i Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Warwick, with Two sufficient Sureties (which Justice is hereby required and authorized to take the fame) conditioned to try such Appeal, and pay such Cods as shall be awarded by the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions, and the Justices at such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine such Appeal, and award such Cods to the Party appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper, and the Determination of such General or Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall have, and they are hereby vested with the Care, Controul, and Management, as well as Power to provide for the Maintenance and Education of the Poor of and belonging to the Parishes aforesaid; and the said Directors, or any Seven or more of the said Directors, shall be and they are hereby empowered to set the said Poor to work, or to cause them to be employed by any other Person or Persons, in such Manner as Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor are empowered to do by any Law now in being relating to the Poor, or in such other Manner as the said Directors, of any Seven or more of the said Directors shall think proper, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations herein contained; and shall and may receive, order, and compel all and every idle and disorderly Person and Persons, who by reason of their idle and disorderly living shall negteft or refuse to maintain, or shall leave or threaten to leave and deftrt their Families, not being able to maintain themselves, and also all other People who shall beg, seek, or want Relief for the Time being, and who shall belong to and ought, according to the Provisions of this Act, or of any Law now in being, to be relieved and provided for by either of the said Parishes within the said City of Coventry and County of the fame City, to come in, work, dwell, and inhabit in the said Workhouses, or other House or Houses provided by the said Directors in pursuance of this Act, and to detain, keep, and maintain all such respective Poor Persons therein, and to employ such of them as are able to work, during such Time and so long as it shall appear to the said Directors that such Poor Persons,

Appeal against Accounts.

Directors atl-thjrized to govern and maintain the Poor.

HiB

Poor Children way be put Apprentices.

Children may be discharged or hired out.

Poor may be employed in

Hwett Work,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

laid Workhouses, or other House or Houses, every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, upon Conviction, upon the Oath of One credible Witness or Witnesses, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Paid City of Coventry and County of the fame; which Penalty, when paid or recovered, shall go, One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the said Directors, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parishes.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Poor Children who shall at any Time be maintained by the said Corporation shall be and remain under their Care and Government until they arrive at the Age of Fourteen Years, and that after such Children shall attain the Age of Fourteen Years respectively, or sooner if the said Directors shall think proper, the said Directors shall and may, and they are hereby empowered and required at any of their Meetings, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of any Seven or more of the said Directors, to bind and put forth any such Children Apprentices to any respectable Person in England, to be taught any Art, Trade, Mystery, or Occupation, or any Handicraft and Business, or Manufacture, as the said Directors, or any Seven or more of the said Directors, shall think mofl suited to the Strength and Capacity of such Child or Children, for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, or until such Child (being a Male) shall attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, or (being a Female) until such Child shall attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, or Day of Marriage; and that every such Writing shall be mutually binding as an Indenture between the Mailer and Midress and Apprentice, and shall in all Respects be enforced according to the Laws in force concerning the apprenticing of Poor Children, whose Parents are not able to provide for them.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to discharge out of the said Workhouses, or other House or Houses provided by the said Corporation by virtue of this Act, or to hire out, either before or as soon as may be after any Child shall have attained the Age of Fourteen Years, any of the poor Children of the said Parishes, to be Servants in Husbandry, Housewifery, or otherwise, for One whole Year at the lead, for the Benefit of such Child or Children; and also before such Age to hire out any of such poor Children, and also any other of the Poor within the said House of Industry, to work and labour in the Time of Hay and Corn Harvest, or at any other Time, for the Benefit of the said Corporation, for such Sum or Sums of Money, and for such Time and Term, as the said Directors, or any Seven or more of them, and the Person or Persons hiring such poor Person shall agree and determine; and the poor Person so hired out shall do and perform the Work and Labour stipulated and agreed to be done, to the bed of their Power, and after such Work shall be completed and finished, shall without Delay return, with their working Implements (if any) and the Apparel wherewith he, she, or they went out to work (Allowance being made for reasonable Wear of such Apparel) to the said House of Industry, or in Default thereof shall and may be apprehended, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of the judices of the 2 said

ixi9

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

said City of Coventry and County of the fame City, and conveyed back to the said Workhouse, or other House or Houses provided by the Directors by virtue of this Act, there to be employed and provided for as aforesaid; and every such Person being so apprehended and brought back, the said Directors, or any Seven or more of them, may and they are hereby empowered to order such poor Person or Persons to be put in the Place of Confinement there, for any Space of Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, and to do such Talk Work as the said Directors, or any Seven or more of them, shall order or direct.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever P°or fn>F|or-received, maintained, educated, or employed within, or born in the the Hcufecf said Workhouses, or other House or Houses provided by the said industrynot Corporation by virtue of this Act, or any Place or Places thereunto be- |a'n'a Settli-longing, shall gain any Settlement in the Parishes or Places, Parish or ratm.

Place, where such Workhouses, or other House or Houses, Place or Places are situate, by reason of his, her, or their being so received, maintained, educated, or employed, or of being born therein as aforesaid; any Law, Custoni* Usage, Matter, or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Ballard, born on the Body BajUrds bora of any poor Woman, whose legal Settlement is in any Parish or Place house^oTto (other than such Parish in which the said Workhouses, or other House pain a Seitie-or Houses provided by the said Corporation by virtue of this Act, is or shall be situate), and who shall be under the Care and Government of taming their the said Directors for the Time being, shall gain or be entitled to gain any Settlement in the Parish in which such House is situate, and where such Ballard shall be born, unless the same shall happen in the proper Parish and Place of Settlement of the Mother; but that the Settlement of each such Ballard shall follow that of the Mother, as fully as if such Ballard had been born in the Parish, Township, or Place to which the Settlement of such Mother shall belong, and shall be deemed as One of the Poor thereof, to all Intents and Purposes; nevertheless, it shall be lawful for the said Directors, in case the Mother of any such Ballard shall belong to either of the said Parishes of Saint Michael or of the Holy Trinity, and for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of every other Parish, Township, or Place to which the Settlement of every such Woman shall belong, to have and take, and they are hereby entitled to have such Remedy against the Mother and the Father of any such Ballard respectively, for the indemnifying the same Parish, Township, or Place from any Charge by reason of any such Ballard Child, and otherwise in all Respects, as the Law directs in Cases of Baltardy, and as fully and effectually as if such Ballard had been actually born in the Parish, Township, or Place to which the Mother’s Settlement shall belong.

LVI. Provided also, That the said Directors, or any Five or more of Directorsi ft-.au the said Directors, shall and may pay or cause to be paid out of the Money ou^P^anW to be raised for the Purposes of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money defray inci-which they the said Directors, or any Five or more of the said Directors, dent*1 Ex' shall think proper to be applied for the occasional Relief and Support penc"‘ of such Person or Persons as by reason of Sickness or some Accident,

or

H20 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

or other sufficient Cause, to be allowed by the said Directors, or any Five or more of the said Directors, shall not be removed to the said Workhouses, or other House or Houses to be provided by the said Directors by virtue of this Act, or for defraying the Charge of burying the Dead, or Expences which may be incurred in the Removal of Paupers to their legal Settlement, or for any other incidental Expences in providing for the Poor of the said Parishes of Saint Michael and the Holy Trinity, or either of them, in Cases not herein-before efpecfcHy provided for, or any Sum or Sums of Money which is, or are or shall be required by any Law to be paid ouc of the Poor Rates of the said Parishes or either of them.

For adminif-

LVII. And whereas it may happen that, by Casualties or sudden diate8R«tief to Mness, many Poor Persons within the said Parishes may (land in Need of Poor Perfom immediate Relief before Application can be made for the fame at the SSfc Meeting of the said Directors to be held in pursuance of this Act; for Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when such poor Person or Persons cannot obtain such Relief from the said Directors, as his or their immediate Necessity may require, it shall and may be lawful for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the City of Coventry and County of the fame City, to order any One or more of the said Directors to pay or cause to be paid, unto every such poor Person, any reasonable Sum or Sums of Monty for his, her, or their Support, until the next Meeting of the said Directors shall be held in pursuance of this Act; and such Director or Directors who shall have given such Relief shall, at the next Meeting at aforesaid, lay before such Meeting the State and Circumstances of the Person or Persons so relieved, and also an Account in Writing of the Sum or Sums of Money that shall have been so expended; and the said Directors shall and may then give such further Directions for the Maintenance and Relief of every such poor Person as to them (halt seem expedient; any Law, Statute, or U.age, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Directors may

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That after the Poor within the said !’tCertlfi‘ several Parishes shall be under the Care of the said Directors, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, at any of the r Meetings, to grant Certificates, under the Common Seal of the said Guardians, to any Person whose legal Settlement shall be in either of the said Parishes, and who shall be willing to remove, or who shall have removed out of the said Parishes, or who shall remove from one Parish to another of the aforesaid Parishes; which respective Certificates under the Common Seal of the said Guardians, attested by the Clerk to the said Director* for the Time being, and signed by Two Justices of the Peace, as Certificates by Law are now directed to be, shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes; and no Certificates whatsoever granted within the said Parishes by any other Person or Persons, after the said Dire Jors shall have Power to grant the fame, shall be valid or of any Effect; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Certificate in

LIX. And be it further enacted, That as foonas the Poor of the said p^iftTof-5' of Par>^ies shall be under the Government of the said Directors as Seer;, or to be aforesaid, all Certificates which have been delivered to, and remain

in

4i', GEORGII III. Cap. Si. U2t

in Custody of the respective Parish Officers within the said respective received by Parishes, by or from Persons residing in the said respective Parishes, de^vered shall be delivered forthwith by such Parish Officers to the Clerk for the (he clerk. Time being to the said Directors; and all Certificates which hereafter dull be delivered to the said respective Parish Officers by Persons coming to reside or residing in the said several Parishes, shall from Time to Time be delivered within the Space of Seven Days after the Receipt thereof by such respective Officers, to the Clerk for the Time being to the said Directors, who shall cause the same to be filed, so that Recourse may be had thereto at any future Time \ and in case such Parish Officers, or any of them, shall neglect or refuse to deliver over such Certificates, or any of them, the Person or Persons so offending fhaW forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, for every such Refusal or Neglect.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds already given to any Bonds for in, Parish Officers of either of the said Parishes, for indemnifying such fh- Pinihe* Parishes from any Charge which may arise from Bastard Children, and ag.mft Onfall Orders of Filiation or Removal which have been or shall be procured, ba'j

shall be forthwith delivered by such respective Parish Officers to the in future Clerk to the said Directors, or such other Person or Persons as the said Directors shall appoint and it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors to sue on such Bonds, in the Name of the said Corporation, and they shall recover the Penalties thereof as if such Bonds had been originally made to them; and all Bonds hereafter to be given for the fame or the like Purposes shall be made to the said Corporation only; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

I.XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Dirsflors miy the said Directors, and they are hereby authorized and required, to ap- JJ^toiwnove point a proper Person or Persons to remove all poor Persons who shall Pauptr, and be removed by Orders of Removal from either of the said Parishes by virtue of the Laws in that Cafe made and provided; and that all made on Orders of Removal which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be made for the Removal of any poor Person or Persons from either of the said " u *’ Parishes, to his, her, or their Place of legal Settlement, shall be made on the Complaint of One or more of the said Directors, and directed to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint as aforesaid, and the said Orders of Removal, together with the Person or Persons therein directed to be removed, shall be delivered to the Person or Persons so appointed by the said Directors to remove such Poor; and which Person or Persons so appointed are hereby authorized and empowered to take, remove, and deliver the Person or Persons mentioned in such Order as the Person or Persons to be removed, in such Manner as the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish from which such poor Person or Persons shall be so removed might have done before the passing of this Act; and that the said Directors shall pay or allow to such Person or Persons so appointed by them the Expences of such Removal, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; and such Orders of Removal so made on the Complaint of any One or more of the said Directors, and directed to the Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be good and binding to all Inteats and Purposes on all Persons whomsoever,

, [Lee. Per.] 13 £ as

uaa 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

as if made on the Complaint of the Churchwardens and Overseers, and to them directed.

f hurcfiwrar* dens and Overirers to continue to provide for the Poor for Six Months, unless the Directoi s think proper sooner to undertake the Care of the Poor.

Inhabitants may be* Witnesses on Appeals to Removals, if not rated in the Parish concerned in the Appeal.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parishes respectively shall, and they are hereby required and directed, to continue to provide for and to have the Care and Management of the Poor of the said Parishes respectively, and to exercise their said Offices in the same Manner as before the passing of this Act in every Respect, for the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, unless the said Directors shall sooner, by Notice in Writing under the Common Seal, to be given to the said Churchwardens and Overseers of each of the said Parishes, or left at his or their Place or Places of Abode, appoint a Time, before the Expiration of the said Six Months, when the said Directors will take the Care and Management of the Poor of the said Parishes into their own Hands, and proceed in the Execution of this Act, such Notice to be given Foutteen Days at lead before the Time so appointed by the said Directors as aforesaid; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXIII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall, by reason of their paying to the Poor Rates in the said United Parishes of Saint Michael and the Holy Trinity as aforesaid, be disabled or disqualified from being a Witness upon any Hearing, Appeal, or Trial concerning the Place of Settlement, or concerning the Vagrancy or Removal of any poor Person or Persons, unless the Person or Persons produced as a Witness or Witnesses be assessed in the particular Parish to or from which such poor Person or Persons is or are removed.

Directors and

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That any of the said Guardians, officers Directors, the Treasurer, C lerk, or any of the other Officers of the said pete n't'WiT" Directors, shall, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or upon any nefics, not- Trial, Hearing, Examination, or otherwise, in, about, touching, or the Pen" h"£ concerning the Execution of this Act, or any other Matter or Thing forifieOtfence whatsoever, be and be deemed to be a competent Witness, notwithstanding the PD rectors any Pena^y or Forfeiture imposed by virtue of this Act, or by any other ’ Law or Statute whatsoever, shall be payable to the said Directors, their

Treasurer, Clerk, Agent, or other Officer, for the Purposes of this Act, or any of such Purposes.

Inhabitants

LXV. And be it further enacted, That any Inhabitant of either of the may be said Parishes shall before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or upon any Witnesses. Trial, Hearing, Examination, or other wile, in, about, touching, or concerning the Execution of this Act, be and be deemed to be a competent Witness notwithstanding his or her contributing to the Rates of the said Parishes, or either of them; any Statute, Law, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Recovery ami

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Penalties on°f ^is Act imposed (the Recovery and Application whereof is not herein-na ics. 5cfore particularly directed) or which shall be imposed by any Bye

3 - La?

nzy

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

Law of the said Directors, upon Proof of the Offences, or Breach of such Bye Laws respectively, before any Justice of the Peace for the said City of Coventry and County of the fame City, either by the Con-session of the Party or Parties offending or breaking such printed Bye Laws, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall, where such Penalty is not fixed and certain, be ascertained by such Justice, and shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice is hereby authorized and required to grant for the Purposes, and to administer all such Oaths (gratit) and the Overplus, after stich Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale (such Charges to be settled by such Justice) are recovered and deduded, shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all such Penalties or Forfeitures, when so recovered or paid (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) shall from Time to Time be paid to the said Directors, or their freasurer or Clerk, to be applied towards the Maintenance of the Poor in the said Workhouses, or other House or Houses provided by the said Directors in pursuance of this Act, or otherwise for putting this Act into Execution; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Cor-redion for the said City of Coventry and County of the fame City, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all Charges as aforesaid, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXVII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it enacted, That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or in any other Words to the fame Effect.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Conviction in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for him or her to appeal either to the then next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City of Coventry, and County of the fame City, or for the County of Warwick, at the Option of the Appellant, such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Eight entire Days Notice at lead, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Trerrurer or Clerk to the said Directors, and within Two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said City of Coventry, and County of the fame City, or County of Warwick, as the Case may be, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions; and the Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such

Notice

As to the Form of the Conviction.

Appeal,

Ii*4 41° GEORGII III. £»/>. 62.

Notice bring given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recog* nizance, are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such AppeaT^in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing'ctr appealed again# as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determinarion of such General or Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding; and cone 1 afire to all Intent* and rurposes.

I.

notVo h'"2'

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching'or «]u.uhed for concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any Other Proceedings to Want of be bad touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders again# this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Defect or Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; and that wheTe any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, such Distress shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on Account of any Defect or Want of Form,.or any other Irregularity in the Summons, Conviction, Order, Warrant, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by any such Irregularity shall and may recover Satisfaction for the special Damage only in an Action upon the Cafe.

Payinj Expencei of the Act.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That aH Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to or attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and all other Costs, Charges, and Expencet of carrying the fame into Execution, and incident thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of the first Monies which shall come into the Hands of the said Directors, or their Treasurer, by virtue of this Act.

Limitation of

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be lon,‘ commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or of any of the Powers hereby given, or in any wise relating thereto, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been thereof given in Writing to such Person or Persons, and to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Directors, nor after Satisfaction or tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made; and every such Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall nave arisen, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County of Warwick, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if it shall appear to be done in pursuance of this Act, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or shall

discontinue

1125

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have and be entitled to the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cods in any other Cases by Law.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or Act not to any Thing herein contained, shall not in any wise extend to give the said ?>> any'* Directors any Power or Authority over any Almlfioufe, Hospital, or Almshouses, other Building of special Donation whatsoever within the said Parishes of Saint Michael and the Holy Trinity already given, settled, or erected, or hereafter to be given, settled, or erected, nor any Power or Authority over any of the Persons dwelling therein or receiving the Benefit of any such Almshouses, or other charitable Donation; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Act rot to this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to any f’X'icu with-Chapelry, District, Township, Hamlet, or Place, within the said Pa- in the rtfpcc-rishes of Saint Michael and the Holy Trinity, or either of them, the Inhabitants whereof are liable to and chargeable with the Maintenance and niaii.taM their Relief of their own Poor, distinctly from and independent of such Parish, OA" Poor-wherein such Chapelry, District, Township, Hamlet, or Place is or are situate.

LXXIV. And whereas the Pari fit or District of Saint John the Baptist, P’rish of Saint in the said City of Coventry, has always been considered a Part of the {j Parish of Saint Michael in the said City, as to the Appointment of Parish V’art of the Officers and the Relief of the Poor; and the Occupiers of Land and fP*

Tenements in the said Parish of Saint John the Baptist have been always the ru.potei alfefTed to the Poor Rates in common with the said Patish of Saint of this Michael-, therefore be it further enacted, That the said Parish of Saint John the Baptist shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the said Parish of Saint Michael for all the Intents and Purposes of this Act.

LXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Vicar of Vicaf' of Saint the Parish of Saint Michael, in the said City of Coventry for the Time to bt'rlud?' being, shall not be rated to the Relief of the Poor, in respect of the Monies raised under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Payments to be made to the Vicar of tlje Parish of Saint Michael, in the City of Coventry, for the Time being, in lieu of Tythes, and for repealing so much of an Act of the Fourth and Fifth of Philip and Mary as relates to the Payment of Tythes in the said Parish.

LXN

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Vicar of vicar of the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the said City of Coventry, for the j^raud0*18 Time being, shall not be rated to the Relief of the Poor in respect of the Monies raised under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better providing of a Maintenance for the Vicar of the Par ip of the Holy Trinity in the City of Coventry.

1126

Director, not to make Goods on their own Account.

publick Act.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 62,

LXXVII. And whereas, in case a Manufactory of Silk Goods were to be carried on by the said Directors, the fame might be greatly injurious to the Manufacturers engaged in the Silk Trade; be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Directors at any Time or Times hereafter to manufacture, or cause to be manufactured, by the poor Persons under their Care and Management any Silk Goods, otherwise than for Hire only, and at the usual and accustomed Prices.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE referred to.

FORM OF CONVICTION.

D E it remembered, That on the Day of

D in the Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

A.B. is convicted before of His Majesty's Justicei

of the Peace for the City of Coventry and County of the fame City, by virtue of an Act made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, \_set forth the Title of this AR~\ of [fptcijy ing the Offence.J

Given under our Hands and Seals [or, my Hand and Seal] the Day and Year aforesaid.]

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 63.

An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual an Act pafl*ed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Mitford and Launditch, in the County of Norfolk.

[20th fune 1801.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Relief ijO«. HI, and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Mitford and rcC!tetl Launditch in the County of Norfolk, certain Persons qualified as therein-mentioned were incorporated by the Name of The Guardians of the Poor within the Hundreds of Milford and Launditch in the County of Norfolk, and were declared to be One Body l olttick and Corporate in Law’, and to have perpetual Succession, and a common Seal; and Directions were given for choosing certain Persons to be Directors, and certain other Persons described in the said Act were appointed to be Directors of the Poor within the said Hundreds, and they were authorized and required to contract for or purchase Lands or Buildings, and to build and erect and furnish suitable Buildings for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said incorporated Hundreds, and to provide a Stock of Material', and [Loc. Gf Per.'] jj G to

1130

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

to appoint proper Officers to conduct and manage the same as in the said Act i\ mentioned: And when the said Buddings should be completed and properly fitted up for the Reception of the Poor of the said Incorporated Hundreds, Twenty-four Guardians were to be chosen, who with the said Directors to be chosen and appointed as aforesaid, were to be the Dirc&urs and Acting Guardians of the said Poor: And the said Di-rest irs and Acting Guardians were empowered to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds, and to assign over all or any Part of the Poors Rates, to be collected within the said Hundreds, as a Security for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the Money so to be borrowed: And the fax! Directors and Acting Guardians were empowered to assess with as much Equality and Indifference as possible, certain Average Annual Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding the respective Rates therein-mentioned, upon tire several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places within the said Hundreds, as the said Directors and Acting Guardians should judge necessary for paying the Interest due on the said Debt, and for defraying the Expences of tile current Quarter, and for and cowards paying off and discharging the said Principal Debt, and to raise and levy such Sum and Sums of Money so to be assessed by them in such Manner as in the said Act is prescribed: And whereas the Dircdors and Acting Guardians appointed and chosen by viicue of the said recited Act, did proceed to carry the fame into Execution, and did cause a large House to be creded and built for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Incorporated Hundreds, and a considerable Debt was incurred in building and turnishing the fame, and a certain Average Annual Payment or Contribution was in pursuance of the said Act rated, charged, and imposed by the said Dircdors and Acting Guardians upon each of the Parishes, Hamlets, and Places within the said Incorporated Hundreds, for the Purpose of defraying the Charges and Expences of carrying on and executing the said Act, and for and towards paying off the said Debt and the Interest thereof: And whereas the Provisions of the said recited Act have been found by Experience to be insufficient for the Purposes thereby intended, and the Annual Average Payments so rated and imposed upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places within the said Incorporated Hundreds, are not only disproportionate and injurious to many of the fud Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, but have also been found to be inadequate to the Purpose of keeping down the Interest of the said Debt, and defraying the Expences of maintaining the Poor of the said Incorporated Hundreds: And a further Debt to a considerable Amount hath been incurred and the said House hath been found to be insufficieot for the orderly and proper Reception of the poor Persons maintained and employed therein; for Remedy whereof, and in order to make further and effectual Provision for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the said Incorporated Hundreds, and to secure the (needy Liquidation and Payment of the said Debt, may it pleaCe Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by A, to dismissr. the Authority of the same, That so much and such Part of the said re-,1' ing poor chil- cited Act as provides that all poor Children which at any Time shall be maintained by the said Guardians shall remain under their Government, the Males until they arrive at the Age of Sixteen, and the Females at the

Age

1131

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

Age of Fourteen Years respectively, and that after such Children shall h.ive attained such Ages respectively they shall be din harged from the Rule and Government of the find Guardians and be it their own Disposal, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it hereby enacted and declared, That all poor Children which shall at any Time be lent to and maintained in the said House shall during lUih Time as they shall continue therein be and remain under the Care and Government of the said Guardians in the same Manner as poor Persons maintained in the said House are by the said recited Act declared to be under the Government and Management of the said Guardians.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Dirrdtors and Acting Guardians at any Genetal Annual Meeting, or at any of their Quarterly Meetings, to be held by them in pursuance of the said recited Act, by and with the Content of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, to bind any poor Male or Female Child or Children maintained in the said House to be Apprentices to any Occupier or Occupiers of Lands or Tenements, or to any Person or Persons using any Trade in any Parish, Hamlet, or Place within the said Hundreds or either of them, whom they shall judge to be proper Persons to take such poor Child or Children as Apprentices, or to the Governor for the Time being of the said House, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, or to any proper Persons willing to take fuih poor Child or Children as Apprentices, or to bind such Male Child or Children Apprentices in the Sea Service to any Captain, Master or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, in like Manner as Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor with the Assent of the Justices of the Peace, are by the Laws now in bting empowered to do: Provided that furh Apprenticeftvp shall not extend as to such Male Children beyond the Age of Twenty-one Years, or as to such Female Children beyond the Age of Eighteen Years, and the Persons to whom such poor Child or Children shall be so bound Apprentices, shall be obliged ro receive and provide for them as Apprentices, in like Manner as such Persons are or might be now obliged by the Laws in being to provide for Apprentices, and no Apprentice so bound as aforesaid shall be assigned or turned over to any Person or Persons whomsoever without the prevous Consent of the said Directors and Acting Guardians at their annual or quarte lv Mettings, (co be held as aforesaid), and then for the Remainder of the original Term only and to One of the lame Trade, Business, or Occupation, (except for some particular and sufficient Reason); and that all Persons to whom such Apprentices shall be so assigned or turned over shall be obliged to receive and provide for them in the same Manner and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures as the Persons to whom they were first bound as aforesaid were obliged to receive and provide for them, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That in placing or binding out such poor Children as Apprentices to any Person or Persons, residing within either of the said Incorporated Hundreds, the said Directors and Acting Guardians shall and may either bind out such Children as Apprentices to some Person or Persons residing

in

Children to be undrr the CarC of the Guardians.

For binding out Appremi-i ccs.

Piiefling how Children shall be apprenticed.

5

1132

Directors to enquire into the Abil t\ of pe- ©ns i k-ing Aj pi entices.

Former Act a* tcciiim (Tn» poor hiidien and ntt ers repealed.

Poor Persons and Children may be tlifmiffed f their Ke a ions and Friends tie fire it.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

in the Parish. Hamlet, tr Place in which ftuh poor Children are respro tivel> leg lly (titled, or to any Person or Persons 'eftding in any other Parish Hi ml t, or Place, within the said incorporated Hundreds, as to the hid Di-r; dto's and ad ng Guardians shall in their Discretion (eem meet, so that the Number 01 Children, of ci.her Sex, to be bound out in any Parish, Hamlet, or Place shall not exceed the Number or Children, of ei'her Sex, b longing to such P.mfh, Hamlet, or Place respectively, who shall then be ma ntained in ihe laid House, and which are to be so placed or bound out Apprentices as aforesaid.

V. Provided also, and be'it hereby enacted and declared, That in placing out such poor Children Apprentices as aforesaid, within the said incorporated Hundreds, the fad Directors and acting Guardians shall have due Repa'd not only to the annual Value of the Hereditaments and Premises occupied by the Person or Persons with whom such Child or Children shall be placed, but also to the Extent of the Trade or Buflnel's carried on by such Person or Persons respectively, and to his, her, and their Ability, in all Respects to keep and maintain such Apprentice or Apprentices.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted and declared, That so much of the said recited Act as provides, that if the Parents of Children maintained by the said Guardians, shall at any Time be desirous or willing to receive and maintain such Children, then the said Directors and acting Guardians should and they are hereby required to diltnils such Children: And ailb that so much of the said recited Act as provides, that if it shall appear to the said Directors and acting Guardians at any of their weekly Meetings, that any poor Personscan maintain themselves by their Labour, and such Poor Persons shall at any such weekly Meetings desire to be difiw fled, that the said Directors and acting Guardians should, and they are by the said recited Act required to difmil's such Poor Persons from the said House, be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted and declared, Thar if the Parents, Relations, or Friends of any Poor Person or Persons, Child or Children, maintained in the said House, shall be desirous to receive, provide for, and maintain such Poor Person or Persons, Child or Children, and shall give satisfactory Prool of his, her, or their Ability so to do to the said Directors and acting Guardians, then the said Directors and acting Guardians shall and may, and they are hereby required at any of their weekly or other Meetings, to be held tinder the said recited Act, todilmifs and deliver up such Child, Children, or Poor Persons to such their Parents, Relations, or Friends so desiring and bring abie to receive, provide for, and maintain them; and in cale the said Directors and acting Guardians shall refuse to dismiss such Child, Children, or Poor Persons at Two fucctffive weekly or other Meetings held by them, it shall and may be lawful for such Parents, Relations, or Friends, so being willing and able to provide for and mam. tain them as aforesaid, to complain to any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, who shall proceed roJuntmon the Governor or Steward for the Time being of the said House, and to hear and determine the subject Matter of the said Complaint, and (if he shall deem it proper) to order such poor Person or Persons, Child or Children, to be dismissed from the said House, and delivered to his, her, or their Parents, Relations, or

Friends,

H33

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 63*

Friends, any Thing in the said recited Act or herein contained to the con-irary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That in case any of the P«rfbn« mir-said Children which shall be placed out by the said Directors and acting L'hUdr€n°to Guardians, by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, as Appren- bepunithed. tices or otherwilV, shall be abused or ill treated by the Mailers or Miltref-les with whom they are placed, or by the Assigns or Executors of fuclr Mailers or Millrtffes, then and in every such Cale it shall and may be lawful to and for the Parents, Relations, or Friends of any such poor Children, and to and for the said Directors and acting Guardians or any of them, and for their Clerk or the Governor of the said House for the Time being, to complain to any Justice of the Peace, acting in and for the County where such Caule of Complaint arises, who is hereby authorized and required to summon the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint shall be made, and to examine into, hear, and determine the subject Matter of such Complaint, and to order such poor Child or Children to b.- tli'.charged from hi<, her, or their Apprenticeship or Service, if such Justice shall think fit so to do j and such Jtlflice may also if he thinks proper order such Malter or Mistress, or his or her Artigns or Executors, to pay any Sum of Money ro the said Directors and acting Guardians or their Tfeafurer, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, as to such Justice shall frern meet, to be levied by Diltrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons to ordered to pay the same, wherever such Goods and Chattels can be found; and if the Mailer or Miftiefs, or his or her Artigns or Executors shall think him, herself, or themselves aggrieved, by the Order of such Justice, he, she, or they may appeal to the next or next succeeding General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the County of Norfolk. first entering into Recognizance with sufficient Sureties effectually to p ofecute such Appeal, arid t® pay inch Sum of Money and Colls as the said Coure ol Quarter Session shall award.

IX. And whereas it frequently happens that Persons carrying on Trades Forcumpci-oroccupying Lands within the said incorporated Hundreds, neglect or re- p!jy, cenf-" fu‘c to employ poor Persons who are willing and able to Work and be- poor Persons, long to the Parish in which such Persons dwell, carry on their Trade, or , work, occupy Lands, and they retain or employ others whose Settlement is not in " such Parish, to the great Injury and Discouragement of their own industrious Poor, be it therefore cnatled and declared, That, from and after the passing of this Act, whenever any poor Person or Persons whole Settlement is in any P.irifn within the said incorporated Hundreds, who is and are able a^d willing to be employed in any Work, Trade, or Service, at the usual Rates and Prices given and paid in the said incorporated Hundreds, shall apply for Relief to the said Directors and acting Guardians at any of their weekly or other Meetings, complaining that he or she is willing and ready to be retained or employed, and that he or flic has applied to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or to some One of them in the Parish to which he or she belongs, but that such Churchwarden or Over-foer has neglecded or refuted to procure him or her such Service, Work, or Employment- for the Space of Seven Days after such Application so made, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more of the said Directors and acting Guardians to complain to any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Fence, acting in and for the said County of {toe. fc? Per.] 13 H Norfolk

H34

For punishing poor Persons who shall imf-brhave or be refractory.

For repealing so much ot former Act as relates to the Number of acting Guardians to oe annually chosen, and to the Number of Directors and Guardians to atttnd weekly Meetings.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

Norfolk, and the (’aid Justice or Justices shall upon such Complaint, summon the said Churchwardens or Overseers or I'ome One or more of them to appear before him or them, and shall enquire into and examine the subject Matter of the said Complaint, and such Justice or Justices shall and may if he or they think fit, order and direct the said Churchwardens and Overseers to find and provide (or such poor Person or Persons in the Parish to which he, she, or they belong, such Service, Work, or Employment, as such poor Person or Persons is or are able and willing to be engaged in, at, and for a fair and reasonable Recompence or Wages, according to the Ability of such poor Person and Persons, and if the said Churchwardens and Overseers shall neglect or rctufe forthwith to provide such Work or Employment for such poor Person or Persons, pursuant to the Order or Dire&ion of such Justice or Justices, then such Justice or Justices shall and may order, diredi, and appoint, by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, that the Churchwardensor Overseers of such Parish shall make and pay such Weekly Allowance to such poor Person or Persons, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem fit.until such poorPcrlonor Persons shall be retained, employed, or supplied with Work or Employment, according to such Order or Direction of such Justice or Justices, and the said Churchwardens and Overseers shall and may reimburse themselves the Money paid by them in Discharge of the said weekly Allowance, in the same Manner as Churchwardens and Overseers may by ihe Laws now in being raise and levy Money for the Relief of the Poor of their respective Parishes, any Thing in the said recited Act, or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities by the said recited Act given to the said Directors and acting Guardians, to punish poor Persons and Children maintained in the said House, who shall be idle or guilty of any such Misbehaviour as therein-mentioned, shall continue and be in full force; and that if the said Directors and acting Guardians shall find any poor Person or Persons maintained in the said House to be refractory, such Directors or acting Guardians, or any One of them, may complain, or may direct the Governor of the said House to complain to any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, who shall and may enquire into and examine the subject Matter of such Complaint, and shall and may if he finds sufficient Cause so to do, punish such poor Person or Persons, in the same Manner as idle and disorderly Persons are pumlhabie by the Laws now in being.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act, as provides that the Directors and acting Guardians shall annually by Ballot proceed to choose Twenty-four of the Guardians (Twelve of whom were not Guardians in the preceding Year) to be act-ingGuardians, with the Directors mentioned in the said recited Act; and also so much of the said recited Act, as provides that the said Directors end acting Guardians, or any Five or more of them, whereof Three to be Directors, should in the respective Quarters of the Year for which they should be appointed, meet at the said House, weekly or otherwise, as in the said Act is mentioned, shall, as to the Number of such acting Guardians so to be appointed as aforesaid, and of such Directors and acting Guardians to meet weekly as afore I aid, be, and the fame is hereby repeated.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That from an J after the passing of this Acr, instead of Twenty-four such Perlor.s, as in the said recited Act is mentioned, to be annually chosen and appointed to be acting Guardians of the Poor as aforesaid, Twelve only of such Persons (Six of whom at the lead shall not have been acting Guardians the preceding Year) shall be so annually chosen to be, and shall be acting Guardians, together with the said Directors chosen and qualified as in the said recited Act is mentioned, for the following Year; and that instead of any Five or more of the said Directors and acting Guardian', whereof Three to be Directors, who by the said recited Act weie to meet weekly as aforesaid, any Three of the said Directors and Acting Guardians, whereof Two at lead to be Directors, shall and may meet weekly, or otherwise, in the Manner and for the Purposes prefenbed and mentioned in the said recited Act-, and the said Twelve Acting Guardians shall be chosen and appointed in the same Manner as the said Twenty-four Acting Guardians were by the said recited Act directed to be chosen and appointed, and shall have the fame Power and Authority in all Respects as the said Twenty-four Acting Guardians had under and by virtue of the said recited Act j and the said 1 hree Directors and Acting Guardians, whereof Two to be Directors as aforesaid, shall have the lame Power and Authority in all Respects as the said Five Directors and Acting Guardians, whereof Three to be Directors, had under and by virtue of the said recited Act.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted and declared, That so much of the said recited Act as provides that not less than Twenty-one of the Directors and Acting Guardians together (whereaf Eleven at least to be Directors), shall be present at the General Annual Meetings, and for the Purposes therein mentioned, and the major Part of whom then present should give their Assent to such Acts as are therein mentioned, be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that instead thereof not less than Fifteen of the said Directors and Acting Guardians together, whereof Nine at least to be Directors, shall be present at the General Annual Meetings, directed by the said recited Act to be held as therein mentioned, the major Part of which said Fifteen Directors and Acting Guardians, whereof Nine to be Directors as aforesaid, assembled at such Annual Meetings, shall be competent to do, execute, and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things as the major Part of such Twenty-nne Directors and Acting Guardians are by the said recited Act authorized to do, execute, and perform.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That so much and such Part of the said recited Act as provides that the Directors and Acting Guardians to be from Time to Time appointed annually, as therein mentioned for each Quarter of the succeeding Year, to inspect, direct, manage, and provide for the poor People in the said House, may by Agreement amongst themselves, divide themselves into Committees, to act for each Month of each Quarter of the Year, shall (so far as concerns such Agreement amongst themselves) be and the fame is hereby repealed and instead thereof the said Directors and Acting Guardians so to be appointed as aforesaid, or so many of them as shall be present at the Time of such Appointment, shall and may divide themselves, together with those who are absent, into Three Committees, to act for each Month of each Quarter; and such Directors and Acting Guardians so divided, shall (although there be no Agreement among themselves) in case they or any of

them

i*3S

Directing the Number of Guardians to be iinniulljr cholen, a^pl the Number of Director* 2nd Guard.ant to attend Weekly Meeting*.

For altering the Number of Directors and Acting Guardians at the Annual Meetings.

Fcr altering the Manner of appointing Directors and Acting Guardians to attend the Quarterly Meetings.

1136 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

them absent themselves or neglect to attend at the Meetings appointed under or by virtue of the said recited Act, be respectively subject and 1M-ble to the same Penalties and Forfeitures as are by the said recited Act inflicted upon Directors and Acting Guardians respectivrly, who by Agreement had divided themselves and neglected to attend such Mectingi so appointed as aforesaid, and such Penalties and Forfeitures so inflicted by this Act dial I be levied and recovered in the same Manner and by the fame Means as are in that behalf prescribed by the said recited Act.

XV. Provided alfc>, and be it enacted and declared, That the weekly Meetings of the said Directors and Acting Guardians, which by the said recited Act are directed to be held cm every Turfday Morning, shall from and after the passing of this Act be held on Monday Morning in every Week, or oftener it it shall be necessary, for the Purposes mentioned in the said recited Act.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted anti declared, Thar at each of the General Annual Meetings to be hereafter held in pursuance of the said recited Act, the Directors then present shall and they are hereby authorized and required to nominate and appoint Three Directors out of the Committee, then to be appointed, for each Quarter of the succeeding Year, so that One of lurh Three Directors mail be cholen from each Monthly Committee, for the purpose of attending a Meeting usually held, and hereafter to be held at the said House, previous to each of the Quarterly Meetings held pursuant to the said reciced Acr, in order that at such previous Meeting the Accounts of the Treasurer, and all other Accounts concerning the said House may be audited and examined, previous to such Accounts being laid before the said Quarterly Meeting; and in case any of the said Directors so appointed ro attend such Quarterly Meeting, shall neglect to attend the fame, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be levied and applied as other Penalties and Forfeitures are'by the said recited Act ot by this Act directed to be levied and applied.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, Thac in case any of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any of the Pa-rilhres, Hamlets, or Places within the said Hundreds, shall at any Time or Times hereafter refuse or neglect to aid or afltfr the said Director* and

ITon d t<Utr.e Acting Guardians to the belt of their Power, or shall ac any Time difo-w«kij Meet- bey or neglect or refuse to perform the Order or Orders of the said Di-ln"s- rectors and Acting Guardians, relative to the Execution of the said recited Act or of this Act, or if any such Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall refuse or neglect to raise and levy the Sums of Money assessfed, or to be assessed or charged by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, upon his respective Parish, Hamlet, or Place, or to pay the same, at the Time and Place to be appointed by the said Directors and ActingGuard-rans, every such Churchwarden and Overseer so disobeying, neglecting, or refusing, may be summoned by Writing, under the Hands of any Three Directors or Acting Guardians, to appear either at the next General Quarterly Meeting of the said Directors and Acting Guardians to be held pursuant to the said recited Act, as prescribed by the said rented Act or ar any Weekly or other Meeting of the said Directors and Acting Guardians as to them shall seem meet; and such Churchwarden or ’ 4 Overseer

For appointing Directors so atttr.d previous Meetings t > Audit the Accounts.

Chur h wardens an t Over.eers ntrpie ing their Duly

Weekly Meetings to be bdd on Monday in-Head of Tuff day.

U37

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

Overfrer so summoned and neglecting to attend at such Wetk'y or other Meeting, or appearing and not sufficiently justifying or excusing himself, shall be subject to such Penalty and Forfeiture not exceeding Five Pounds, as is in the like Cases inflicted by vinue of the said recited Act; and tuch Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be inflicted, raised, levied, and recovered in such Manner and by such Ways and Means as are in that Behalf prescribed by the said recited Act.

XVIII. And whereas the House erected under and by virtue of the said 0*erfc«r* miy recited Act for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Incorporated Hundreds, hath been found to be and is inefficient for the rishes, orderly and proper Accommodation of the poor Persons maintained therein; and many of the Parishes in the said Incorporated Hundreds are situated so remote from the said House, as to render Applications for Relief and the Removal of the poor Persons thereto in many Cases inconvenient: For Remedy whereof, and in order to give Encouragement to the hnnest and industrious Poor, redding within the said Hundreds, who shall be willing and desirous, as far as they can, to maintain themseves and their Families, be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September next, after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens and Overseers for the Time being of the Poor of the several and respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places within the said Incorporated Hundreds, when and so often as they shall think fit, by, from, and out of the Monies to be raised and levied by the Rates to be made for the Relief of the Poor of such respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, according to the Laws now in Force for that Purpose, to relieve and maintain any poor Person or Persons, and his Wife, or his or their Child or Children, or any of them being legally settled in and belonging to their respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, during such Time and Times and in such Manner as the said Churchwardens and Overseers in their Discrerion shall deem proper, subject nevertheless to the Regulations and Provisions contained in the Caws and Statutes now in Force relating to such Relief of the Poor; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any One of the Directors, acting for the said Incorporated Hundreds, under or by virtue of the said recited Act, upon the Complaint of any poor Person or Persons residing and legally settled within any Parish, Hamlet, or Place in either of the said Incorporated Hundreds, and wanting Relief or Parochial Assistance, to issue his Warrant or Precept, and thereby to summon the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place to which such poor Person or Persons shall belong, or any of them, to appear at the then next Weekly Meeting of the said Directors and Acting Guardians, to be held in pursuance of the said recited Act, or if there shall not be sufficient Time to summon such Churchwardens and Overseers to appear at such next Weekly Meeting, then such Director may and shall summon such Churchwardens and Overseers to appear ac the following or next succeeding Weekly Meeting, to answer the subject Matter of the said Complaint; and the Directors and Acting Guardians, assembled at such next or next succeeding Weekly Meeting, are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the subject Matter of the said Complaint, and to make such Order therein upon Lch Churchwardens and Overseers for the Relief, Sulfentation, and Maintenance of such poor Person or Persons, and his Wife, or his. her, or their Child or Children, or any of [Loc. fjf Per.J 13 / them.

1138 GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

them, as to such Directors and Acting Guardians, or the major Par: of them, so assembled at their weekly Meetings shall seem meet; or otherwise such Directors and Acting Guardians may, if they shall think lit, older and dire# such poor Person or Persons, and his, her, or their Wife, Child or Children, or any of them, to be conveyed or sent by the said Churchwardens and Overseers to <he said House foereded and built for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Incorporated Hundreds, there to be maintained and employed by and under the Care and Management of the said Directors and Aching Guardians: And the said Churchwardens and Overseers and every of them, are and is hereby required forthwith to obey and perform all and every such Summons of any One of the said Directors, and all and every such Order or Orders of the said Diiedots and Acting Guardians so assembled as aforesaid, touching and concerning the Matters aforesaid, under the Penalty of forfeiting and paying any Sum of Money, not less than Forty Shillings, nor more than Five Pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied in like Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures iniposed and inflicted by the said recited Act or by this Act are to be recovered, levied, and applied.

and raiti the

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, pend'd'here. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens and in by the Overseers of the Pcor of the several and respective Parishes, Hamlets, Poors Rites. ancj p]aces within the said incorporated Hundreds, to raise and levy the Money which shall or may from Time to Time be paid and expended by them under and by virtue of the Power hereby vtfted in them, and in the said Directors and Acting Guardians at their Weekly Meetings as last aforesaid in and about the Relief, Sustenation, and Maintenance of the said poor Persons and their Wives, Child or Children, legally settled in their respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, in the fame Man. ner and by the fame Ways and Means, and with the fame Remedies for the Recovery thereof, as the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor are by any Law or Statute now in Force authorized and empowered to raise and levy a Stock and Money for the Employment and Relief of the Poor of their respective Parishes.

Expences of

XX. And whereas, Power was given by the said recited Act to the thr Poir'in8 ® Iredors and Acting Guardians from Time to Time to borrow and the House to take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the ^defraysd whole the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds, and to assign over all or any riVtsem Pro- Part of the Poors Rates, to be collected within the said incorporated Hun-porrion to the dretls, as a Security for the Re-payment of the Principal and Interest of Poor sent°by the Money so to be borrowed; and for the better Security of such Sum each Parish.' or Sums of Money as should be borrowed by Virtue of the said recited Act, and for providing for the Poor to be employed or relieved in the said House and for defraying the other Expences of the said recited Act, the said Dredors and Acting Guardians were empowered to assess with as much Equality and Indifference as possible such Sum and Sums of Money upon the several Parishes, Hamlet?, and Places within the said incorpoiated Hundreds, as the said Dircdora and Acting Guardians should judge necessary for paying the Interest of the said Defats and for defraying the Expences of the current Quarter, and for and towards paying off and discharging the said principal Debt, not exceeding in any one Year the Sum which had been expended for the Relief and

Support

H39

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

Support of the Poor in such Parish, Hamlet or Place, in one Year, upon an Average of Seven Years to be drawn from Easter One thousand seven hondted and sixty-five; And whereas the said Directors and Acting Guardians, in pursuance of and soon after the passing of the said recited Act, did affcfs, impose, and fix a certain average Annual or other Payment upon each and every of the respective Parishes, Hamlets and Places within the said incorporated Hundreds to be raised and paid within eaih and every of the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively, and the said Directors and Acting Guardians have by Virtue of the Power given them by the said recited Act, raised and borrowed divers large Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said Poors Rates within the said incorporated Hundreds, and several Sums of Money amounting to Ten thousand Pounds have been borrowed and charged, and are now due and owing upon the Security of the said Poors Rates, and the Sum of Four thousand Pounds and upwards hath been advanced by the Trea-furer at the Request of the said Directors and Acting Guardians for the Purposes of the said recited Act, and the fame is now due and owing to the said Treasurer: And whereas it hath been found by Experience that the average annual or other Payments so as aforesaid charged and imposed upon each of the said Parishes, Hamlets and Places is in many Instances unequal; for Remedy whereof be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September next ensuing the passing of this Act, all the Charges and Expences occasioned by or in any Manner attending the Relief, Maintenance, and Sustenation of the poor Persons from thenceforth to be kept and maintained in the said House, shall from Time to Time be borne and defrayed by each and every of the Parishes, Hamlets, and Places within the said incorporated Hundreds, in proportion to the Number and Ages of the several Persons belonging to each of the said several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, from Time to Time kept and maintained in the said House: And to that End the said Di* rectors and Acting Guardians are hereby authorized and required at their first Quarterly Meeting to be held in pursuance of the said recited Act next after the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, to ascertain and fix a certain Ratio or Proportion per Head per Week, by which such Parishes, Hamlets, or Places respectively shall and may from Time to Time contribute and pay for the Sustenation and Maintenance of the poor Men and Women, and of the poor Males and Females under the Age of twenty-one Years, belonging to such Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively during such Time and Times as they shall respectively remain in the said House; and the said Directors and Acting Guardians are hereby further authorized and required at their subsequent Quarterly Meetings, to be held as aforesaid from Time to Time, to alter and vary and to ascertain and fix such Ratio or Proportion per Head per Week as Circumstances may require; and the said Directors and Acting Guardians for the Time being, or any Three or more of them (whereof Two to be Directors), are hereby authorized and required to issue Warrants in the Manner prrlcribed by the said recited Act to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places within the said incorporated Hundreds, requiring the said Churchwardens and Overseers respectively to pay in the Manner as is prescribed by the said recited Act with respect to the Average Aireftments thereby directed to be made, the several Contributions or Sums of Money due from the said respective Paiilhes, Hamlets, and Places for the Relief, Sustenation and

Maintenance

H4d

Such Expences to be compiled by the Week.

Cloaths to be provided by the Directors and Acting Guardians at the Expence of the several Parishes.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

Maintenance of their respective Poor kept and maintained in the said House as aforesaid, to the Treasurer for the Time being to be appointed under and by virtue of the said recited Act, whose Receipt for the same shall be a legal Discharge to the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the said Contributions or Sums of Money, so to be paid by them to the said Treasurer in the same Manner and by the fame Ways and Means as they are by the said recited Act required, to raise and levy the Average Assessments or Payments thereby directed to be raised, levied, and paid by them; and that all the Powers and Provisions contained in the said recited Act for enabling the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and the said Directors and Acting Guardians respectively to raise and levy the Average Assessments and Payments thereby directed to be made, shall be in full Force and Effect for the Purpose of enabling the said Church, wardens and Overseers of the Poor, and the said Directors and Acting Guardians respectively, to raise and levy, and to enforce the Payment of the Contributions or Sums of Money which shall so as aforesaid be* come due and payable by the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, for and in Respect of their several and respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, under and by virtue of this Act.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Contributions to be made by each of the said Parishes, Hamlets and Placer, for and in Respect of the poor Person or Persons belonging the re-to, and from Time to Time kept and maintained in the said House, shall be always reckoned or computed by the Week, and not otherwise, and that although any such poor Person or Persons shall continue in the said House for any Time less than a Week, yet in making the said Computation such Time shall be deemed and taken as for One whole Week.

XXII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors and Acting Guardians, to find and provide for all the poor Persons kept and maintained in the said House, during such Time as they shall continue therein, all such Chathing of every Sort, as the said Directors and Acting Guardians shall think proper, and to charge the Expence thereof to and upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, from or by which such poor Person or Persons shall be sent to the said House, and the said Directors and Acting Guardians are hereby authorized and required to issue their Warrants to the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, requiring Payment of such Expences , and the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor are hereby authorized and required to pay the same to the said Treasurer; and the said Churchwardens and Overseers, and also the said Directors and Acting Guardians are hereby empowered to raise and levy the same within the respectiveParilhes, Hamlets, or Places liable to pay the lame, in the same Manner, by the fame Means, and with the fame Powers and Remedies for enforcing the Payment thereof, as are herein-before provided, with respect to the levying, raising, and paying the said Contributions, or Sums of Money hereby directed to be raised and levied within the said respective Parishes, Iiamlcts, and Places, for the Support of the said

House,

ii4*

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

House, and the Relief and Sustenation of the Poor kept and maiotained therein.

XXIII. And in Order to provide for the Support of the said House and Buildings, and for keeping the fame in Repair, and for defraying the Salaries and Wages of the Chaplain, Treasurers, Clerks, Governors, and other Officers from Time to Time to be appointed and employed by the said Directors and Acting Guardians, under and by virtue of the said recited Act, be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences occasioned thereby, shall be borne and paid by the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within the said incorporated Hundreds, in proportion to the Number of poor Persons sent by or from the said respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places to, and maintained in the said House, and according to all the other Circumstances relating to the Situation of each of the said several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places with respect to the said House, and to the other of the Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within the said incorporated Hundreds, and in order to ascertain the Proportion or Share in which each of the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Places shall contribute thereto, the said Directors and Acting Guardians shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, as focn as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, at some of their Quarterly or other Meetings, to be held in pursuance of the said recited Act, to enquire into and ascertain the Number of poor Persons sent by or from the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively, to be maintained in the said House upon an Average of Four Years, to be drawn from Midsummer One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and upon taking the fame and all the other Circumstances of the Cafe into their Consideration, the said Directors and Acting Guardians are hereby required to ascertain and fix, with as much Equality and Indifference as may be, the Share or Proportion in which each of the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, ought and shall be liable during the next succeeding Term of Four Years, to contribute and pay towards the said last mentioned Cofis, Charges, and Expences, and at the Expiration of the last mentioned Term of Four Years, and at the End of every subsequent Term of Four Years, the said Diieftors and Acting Guardians shall and may, if they think fir, in like Manner enquire into and ascertain the Number of poor Persons so as aforesaid sent to and maintained in the said House during the preceding Term of Four Year', and upon taking the fame and all the other Circumstances of the Cafe into Confederation, the said Directors and Acting Guardians are hereby authorized and required to alter and vary, if Occasion shall require, and again to ascertain and fix the Share or Proportion in which each of the said Parishes, Harr.lets, and Places, shall contribute and pay towards the said last mentioned Costs, Charges, and Expences; And the said Directors and Acting Guardians for the Time being, or any Thtee or more of them (whereof Two to be Diieftors) are hereby authorized and required to issue their Warrants to the said several Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, requiring them to raise, levy and pay such Shares and Proportions to the said Treasurer, and the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor are hereby in like Manner authorized and required to raise, levy, and pay the lame, in the same Manner and Form, and with the fame Remedies for enforcing the Payment thereof in all Respects as are herein-before provided and given, for and in respect of the several Contributions or Sums of Money which under and by Virtue of this Act shall become due from the said several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, for the Sustenation, \Loc. ft? Per.] 13 K Management,

For supporting the House and paying Sal tries to the O flu tit.

1142

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

Management, Care and Employment of their respective Poor, kept and maintained in the said House as aforesaid.

For paying off

XXIV. And for the better Security of the several Persons who have

i)ebt^e^eat advanced, and to whom any Sum or Sums of Money is or are now due and owing on the Credit of the Poors Rates of the said incorporated Hundreds, and in order to make certain and effectual Provision for the Payment not only of the Interest of the said Debt, but also for the speedy Liquidation and Discharge of the Principal Money now due and owing as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places within the said incorporated Hundreds, so as aforesaid (in pursuance of the said recited Act) sffrlTed by the said Directors and Act. ing Guardians, shall remain and continue liable to and charged with the Payment of the said average annual or other Payments, so as aforesaid charged, imposed, and fixed upon each of the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, by virtue and in pursuance of the said secited Act, until the Whole of the said Debt and principal Money now due and owing, and charged upon the said Poors Rates, within the said incorporated Hundreds; and the said Debt due to the Treasurer, and the Interest due and to grow due for the fame, shall be fully paid off and discharged; and that the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, shall in the mean Time and until the said Principal Money and Interest shall be paid and satisfied, continue to raile and levy within their respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, the fame average annual or other Sums of Money as have hitherto, by virtue of the said recited Act, been raised and levied within the said IV rilhes, Hamlets, and Places respectively; and that the lame shall be raised and levied in the same Manner, and by the fame Ways and Means, and with the fame Remedies in all Respects for enfoicing the Payment thereof as are provided and given by the said recited Act or otherwise; and that One Moiety or Half Part of the Monies so to be raised, levied, and col. lested, asiaft aforesaid, shall be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being, to be appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, and shall be applied by and under the Management and Direction of the said Directors and acting Guardians, in Payment of the Interest due and to grow due on the said Debt, and for and towards the Liquidation and Payment of the said Principal Money, by Instalments, to be paid to the Persons to whom the fame Principal Money shall be due and owing, or to such of them as shall agree to accept such Payment by Instalments, with as much Equality and Indifference as may be, and then in Payment to the other of such Persons (if any there be) not so agreeing, until the Whole of the said Principal Money and Interest shall be fully paid off and discharged; and ihe remaining Moiety or Half Part of the said Monies so to be raised, levied, and collected as last aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, shall be applied by the said Directors and acting Guardians, in paying the Charges and Expences of obtaining and pilling this Act, and for or towards Payment and Discharge of the Contributions or Sums of Money due and payable by the respective Parishes, Hamlets, or Places railing and paying the fame, for and towards the Support of the said House and Buildings, and keeping the fame in Repair, and for defraying the Salary or Wages of the Chaplain, Treasurer, Clerk*, Governors, and other Officers appointed and employed by the said Directors and acting Guardians as aforesaid, and in defraying the Costs and Charges of the Relief, Suflentation, and Maintenance of the poor Persons sent by 3 i- L or

H43

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

or from such Parishes, Hamlets, or Places respectiv.cly to the said House, in proportion to the Number of the poor Persons belonging to and feut by such Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively to the said House, and kept and maintained therein, and for defraying the Costs and Charges of cloa'-hing the Poor of such Parishes, Haipfetii, and Places respectively, in the Proportions, Manner, and Form herein-before in that behalf preferred; and if after Payment and Satisfaction thereof there shall remain any Surplus of such Monies so to be raised, levied, collected, and paid as last aforesaid, the said Directors and Acting Guardians shall from Time to Time cause the same to be repaid to tfre Churchwardens and Over* f£ers of the Poor of the Parish, Hamlet, or Place to which such Surplus shall belong, for the Ule and Benefit of the Persons upon whom the fame was raised, levied, and collected, after the fame Rate and Proportion in which they contributed to the raising and Payment thereof.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors and Acting Guardians to apply and pay any Part of the Monies to be raised by the said average annual or other Payments, so to be raised, collected, and paid as last aforesaid, for or towards Liquidation and Payment of the said Debt or Sum of Money so as aforesaid advanced by and now due and owing to the said Treasurer; and from and after full Satisfaction and Payment shall be made of the said Principal Money or Debt of Ten thousand Pounds, and of the said Debt so due to the said Treasurer as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, the said annual average or other Payments so assessed, imposed, and fixed upon the said several Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, by the said Directors and Acting Guardians, under or by virtue of the said recited Act, shall cease, determine, and be no longer raised, levied, collected, or paid.

XXVI. And whereas the Parish of East Dereham with Diliirg'.on, situated within the said Hundreds of Mitford and Launditch, is of considerable Extent and Population, and the poor Persons fenc therefrom to be maintained in the said House are very numerous; and the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said Parish of East Direbam with Dillmgton are desirous to maintain and employ all the poor Persons belonging thereto, at their own separate Expence; and that the poor Persons belonging to the said Parish should be withdrawn from the Government and Management of the said Directors and Acting Guardians, and that the said Parish of East Dcreham with Dillingtcn should be exempted from any average annual or other Payments or Contributions, charged or imposed by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, for or towards the Support and Reparation of the said House and Buildings, erected under the Authority of the said recited Act, or for or towards the Charges and Expences incident to or attending the Sustenation and Employment of the poor Persons maintained therein, or for any other Caule or Matter whatever; and the said Inhabitants and Parishioners have proposed and offered to pay to the said Directors and Acting Guardians the Sum of One thousand Pounds, as and for and in full Payment and Satisfaction of their Share and Proportion of the said Debt of Ten choufand Pounds, now due and owing upon the Credic of the Poors Rates of the said incorporated Hundreds j and also One Tenth Part of such Sum or Sums of Money as Ihili appear to be due and owing from the said Guardians of the Poor to tutor laid Treasurer upon the Tenth Day of October next; and the said

Inhabitants

Provtfo fof Payment of Debt to Tret* surer.

When Debt paid the present Average to cease.

For separating the Parish of East Dereham with Dillingttn from the Corporation.

T *44

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

Inhabitants and Parishioners have also proposed to accept and receive from the said Directors and Acting Guardians the Sum ot Five hundred Pounds, as and for an Equivalent and in full Payment and Satisfaction of and for the Right, Title, Parc, Share, and Imereft of the said Parish of East Derebam with Di/lington, and the Inhabitants and Parishiunerj thereof of and in the House and Buildings erected under and by virtue of the said recited Act, and of and in all and every the Lands, Grounds, and Premises purchased, had, or taken by the said Guardians of the Poor, under or by virtue of the said recited Act; and also of ?nd in all and every the Furniture, Implements, Articles, Matteis, and Things' (Hoods, Chattels, and Effects, and all and every the Real and Personal Efface whatsoever, vefled in or belonging to the said Guardians of the Poor: And whereas it"would tend to the mutual Convenience and Advantage of the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said Parish of East Dercban) with Diiltngtcn, and of the other Parishes within the said incorporated Hundreds, if the said Proposals were accepted and carried into Execution, be it therefore further enacted and declared, That the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the said Parish of East Dereham with Dil-lington, or some of them, shall and do, on or before the said Tenth Day of October next after the passing of this Act, pay or cause to be paid to the said Directors and Acting Guardians, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, the Sum of One thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, as and for their Share or Proportion of the said Debt of Ten thousand Pounds; and also the said One Tenth Part of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall appear to be due and owing from the said Guardians of the Poor to their Treasurer, upon the Twenty-ninth Day of September next after the passing of this Act, and then all and every the poor Persons and Children then, or at any Time or Times thereafter legally settled in or belonging to the said Parish of East Derebam with Dil/ington, shall be withdrawn and discharged from the said House, and from the Rule, Government, and Management of the said Directors and Acting Guardians, and the present and future Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said Parish of East Derebam with Dillington, fluII from thenceforth be and continue absolutely exempted, exonerated and discharged from all the Powers, Provisions, annual Average and other Payments and Contributions, and all and every the Articles, Matters, and Things in and by the said recited Act or this Act contained and prescribed, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said recited Act and this Act had not been made, and from thenceforth all and every the poqr, needy, impotent, and lame Persons belonging to the said Parish of East Derebam with Di/lington, shall be maintained, provided for, and set on Work by the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said Parish of East Derebam with Dil/inglon, in the same Manner as they would, ought, or might have been in case the said recited Act and this Act had not been made.

t^Houseand And be it further enacted, That the said Directors and Acting

Furniture fn Guardians shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon the the Director* said Tenth Day of October nexr, to pay or cause to be pa d to the Church-the other Pa- war^cns and Overseers of the Poor for the Time being of the said Paufh rifliei. of East Derebam with Dil/inglon, the full Sum of Five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Biiiain, as and for an Equivalent, and in full Satisfaction of and for the Right, Title, Parr, Share, and interest of the Inhabitants and Par.fhioners of the said Parish of East Derebam with Dil-

lington,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 63. 1145

Imftin, of, in, and to the said House and Buildings, Lands, Grounds,

Furn.ture, Implements, Goods, Chattels, and Effects, and Real and Personal Ellatr, now verted in or belonging to the said Guardians of the Poor as aforesaid; and such Sum of Five hundred Pounds shall be received by the said Churchwardens and Overseers, in Trust for the Use and Benefit of the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said Parish of East Dereham with Dillington, and shall be applied and disposed of by them for and towards reducing the said several Sums, lb to be paid by the said Parishioners and Inhabitants of the said Parish of East Dereham with Dil-tington, to the said Guardians of the Poor or their Treasurer as aforesaid; and from thenceforth the said House, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, and Premises, Furniture, Implements, Goods, Chattels, Effects, and Real and Personal Ellate, and every Part thereof shall become, be, and continue Verted in the said Guardians, for the Use and Benefit of the several Pa-rilhcs Hamlets, and Places within the said Incorporated Hundreds, and of the Inhabitants and Parishioners of such Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively for the Time being, exclusive of the said Parish of East Dereham with Dillington, and the Inhabitants and Parishioners thereof, who, from and after such Payment, shall have no Righr, Title,

Part, Share, Interest, Claim, or Demand whatl'oever, of, in, or to the said House, Buildings, Land*, Grounds, and Premises, Furniture, Implements, and Real and Personal Eftace, so to be verted in the said Directors and A cling Guardians as aforesaid, or of, in, or to any Part or Parcel thereof.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That all Poor. may 4nd every the poor Persons and Children belonging to and legally settled rent*'"'the b* in the said Parish of East Dereham with Dillington, shall and may be sent House from to and maintained and employed in the said House, until the said Twenty- for tVeaiud ninth Day of September next, in the same Manner as they might have Time, been if this Act had not been made; and that the Churchwardens and Ovcifetrs of the Poor of the said Parish of East Dereham with Dillington,

shall continue to raise, levy, and pay, until and upon the said Twenty-ninth Day of September next, unto the Directors and Acting Guardians, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, their due Share and Proportion of the average annual or other Paymenrs which they are or would be subject and liable, and ought to pay, under and by virtue of the said recited Act, to be reckoned and computed up to the said Twenty-ninth Day of September; and that the said Directorsand Acting Guardians shall have the fame Powers and Authorities in all Respects for levying, recovering, and enforcing the Payment thereof, as are in that Behalf pre-feribrd and given by the said recited Act; or in Default of Payment, the said Direders and Acting Guardians may abate, dedud, and retain the lame from and out of the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds hereby di-reded to be paid by them to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of East Dereham with Dillington.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That Directing the upon Payment of the said Sum of One thousand Pound*, and the said of^th^Mmnef One Tenth Part of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall appear to be due pai<i by the 1 and owing from the said Guardians of the Poor to their Treasurer, upon p^'1'fh|,°t

the said Twenty-ninth Day of September next as aforesaid, by the Churchwardens at\d Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of East Dereham with [Lac, & Per.2 13 L Dillington,

1146

Proviso in Case the jparish of East D ere ham iloe» not pay the said Money.

F.^r enabling th*- f'aiifh of East D'* eham tq 1 .1 e the said Money.

This Act not

prejudice the present Ci editors.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

Dillwgtcn, to the (hid Directors and Acting Guardians or thrir Treasurer as aforesaid they the said Directors and Acting Guardians shall, with all convenient Speed, cauir the said Sum of One thousand Pounds to be paid and applied towa ds the Liquidation and Payment of the lad Debt of Ten th >ufand Pounds, in the Manner herein-before prescribe 1, and (h If cause such Tenth Part of such Money lo to be received by them of the said Churchwardens and Overseers a> af neiaid o be paiJ and applied for or towards the Liquidation and Payment of the said Debt so due to the said Treasurer as aforesaid.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That in Case the said Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said Parish o; East D,return with Dillington, shall not pay or cause the said Sum of One thousand Pounds and the Lid One Tenth Part of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall appear to be due and owing fioin the la d Guardians of the Poor to their 'Ireasurer, upon the said '1 went)- inth Dav of September next as aforesaid, to be paid to the said Directors and acting Guarcians, or to their Treafuierfor the Time being, on or before the said Tenth Day of October next; then and in such Case it ih il and may be lawful fur the said Directors and Acting Guardians, or any Three or more of th m, ami th y are hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants, under thrir Hands and Seals, to procetd from Time to Time to recover and levy the same Sum and Sums of Money, and every or any Pi for P rt1- thereof, by Dill refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Chur> hw rde s a: d Overseets of the Poor of the said Parish of East Dereham with Di lington, or of any or either of them, or of any other of the I habi am or Inhab t nts of the said Parish of East Dereham with Dillington, wherever the ante Goods and Chattels may be found, until the said Sum and Sums of Money luduc and unpaid, together with lawful Intend: for the fame, and the Costs and Charges of such Didress and Sale be fully paid and Lushed.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in order to enable the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said Parish of East DerJiam with Dillington to pay the said Sum of One thousand Pounds, ar-d such further Sum or Sums to the said Guardians of the Poor or their Treasurer as aforesaid, fird deducting the reout the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds, so to be allowed and paid to the said Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said Parish of East Dereham with Dillington, by the Guardians of the said Poor as aforesaid; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of East D.rebam wi'h Dillingtcn, for the Time being, or the grtaccr Part of them, to raile by Taxation of every Inhabitant, Parion, Vicar and other, and of every Occupier of Lands, Houses, Tythes, impropriate Propriaiions of Tythes or falcable Underwoods, in the said Parish of East Dereham with Dillington, a competent Sum for the making of such Payments as aforesaid, in the same Manner and under the fame Powers and Reductions as the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, are by the Laws now in being enabled to raise Money for the necessary Relief of the lame, impotent, old, blind, and other Poor, not able to work, and for putting out poor Children Appientices.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted anddecIared, That no-thing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend

in

U47

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

in any Manner to prejudice, lessen, abridge, or defeat the several Assignments, Charges, and Securities heretofore given or made by the said Directors, and Acting Guarduns, by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited Act, of or upon the Poors Rates of the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Puces within the said Incorporated Hundreds, or of any Part or Parts thereof, for any Sum or Sums of Money borrowed by and advanced to them for the Purposes of the said recited Act, and now remaining due and unpaid, save only as to the said Parish of East Dereham with Dtlhngton; but that all such Assignments, Charges, and Securities to given or made, shall continue and be in full Force and Effect, save as aforesaid; and that the Person and Persons who now are, and from Time to Time shall be intitled to and interested in the said principal Monies borrowed, and now remaining due and owing on any such Assignments, Charges, or Securities as aforesaid, shall and may have and take the fame Remedies and Means for recovering and enforcing the Payment thereof, as he, she, or they, might or could have done if this Act had not been made, save only as to the said Parish of East Dereham with DUlington zioreU'ui.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and Angular the Provisions contained in this Act, shall in the Execution of the said recited Act, be used, appiicd and continued, as if the fame Provisions were specifically enacted in the said recited Act; and all the Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Exemptions, Ma ters and Things contained in or prescribed, or appointed by the said recited Act, and not hereby expressly taken away, altered, or repealed, shall be of full Force and Effect, and extend to this Act, and to the several Assessments, Matters and Things herein contained and mentioned, or hereby authorized to be laid and imposed s and that the said recited Act, and the Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Exemptions, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) shall be construed and executed with this Act as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

This and the former Act to be construed together.

V?, /nr-

h vU.,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 64.

An A<9: for establishing a new Church or Chapel, lately erected in or near Kirhgate Street, within the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of the Parish of Leeds, in the West preamble. R duig of the County of York, have for late Years considerably mcrealed in Number, and are likely to continue fu to do:

And whereas the Churches and Chapels there a^e not fuffirient to accommodate the Inhabitants of the said Parish, prosessing the Doctrine of the Church of England, who are inclined to attend Divine Service therein; and it would be of great Benefit and Utility to the said Inhabitants if a new Church or Chapel was established in the said Parish, for the celebrating of Divine Service according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England: And whereas the Reverend John King, of Leeds aforesaid, Clerk, hath lately purchased to him and his Heirs che Inheritance in Fee Simple in l'offeflion of and in a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground, containing upon the Surface thereof One thousand three hundred and thirty-five square Yards, situa'e in or near Kirkgale Street in the Town of Leeds aforesaid; and also a Building lately erected thereon, as and for a Chapel or Place of Religious Worlhtp, called or known by the Name of Zion Chapel, or Saint James's Church, with the Vaults under tile fame, and the Vestry, and all other Erections adjoining thereto; and also the Pulpit, Reading Dcfk, Galleries, Pews, Seat', Benches, and all other Kixtuies and Ornaments in and about the said Buildings and Pre-[_Lcr. C? f <rr ] !3 M mises:

u 5°

Chapel and rou;d vtrted in Mr. Xtng and his Heirs,

CJtxpd, Pews, and Vaults vested in the Miriftei and Ills Suc:efll*rs, except a to Ptus and Vaults for Mr. King and his Hrir».

Rirht of Presentatiun in Mr. King for

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

miles: And whereas the said John King hath, since the Purchase of the said Church or Chapel, laid out and expended confideiable Sums of Money in and about the Repairs thereof, and hath now completed and finished the fame in a proper, decent, and very commodious Manner, fit for performing Divine Service therein: And whereas the said John King isdc-firous to promote, as far as in him lieth, the Service of Almighty God, and to have the said intended Church or Chapel consecrated, let apart, and dedicated to and for ltich Service, and established as a Place of Divine Worship, according to the Usage of the Church of England, for ever: And whereas the Reverend Peter Haddon Clerk, Vicar of the Vicarage of Leeds (by and with the Confenc and Approbation of the Patrons of the said Vicarage, and also by and with the Confect and Approbation of his Grace the Archbishop of York), in Confederation of the Premises, hath consented and agreed, as far as in him lies, that the said John King shall and may nominate and appoint the first and l'econd Minister of the said Church or Chapel; but the fame cannot be effectually done, or the said several other Matters be carried into Execution, so as to answer the Intention of the Parties interesttd therein without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subject the said John King, doth most humbly bef ech Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advke and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre.ent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate in or near Kirkgate Street aforesaid, and containing One thousand three hundred and thirty-five square Yards upon the Surface the cof, and whereon the said Church or Chapel hath been so erected as aforelaui, with ths Appurtenances belonging thereto, shall, from and atier the passing of this Act, be veiled in, and the fame is and are hereby from thenceforth vested in the said John King, his Heirs and AITigns, to the Ule, Intent, and Purpose, that the said Building intended for a Church or Chapel shall and may be set apart, consecrated, and dedicated to the Service of Almighty God as and for a Place of Divine Worship, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, for ever; and the same shall be, and is hereby declared to be a perpetual Cure and Benrfi e, and shall be called by the Name of The Church or Chapel of Saint James in Leeds, for ever.

II. And be it fu-ther enabled, That the said Church or Chapel, when consecrated, and the Freehold and Inheritance thereof respectively, and ol all the Appurtenances thereunto respectively belonging, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby vested in the said John King anti his Successors, Ministers of the said Church or Chapel j nevertheless, as to the Right and Interest of and in the said Pews, Seats, and Vaults, with their Appurtenances, to and for the only proper Use and Behoof of the said John King, his Hci-sand Assigns, until the Sale of the said Pews, Seats, and Vaults , and that it snail be lawful for the said John King, his Heirs and Aligns, from Time to Time to fell, let, and dispose of the said Pews, Seats, and Vaults, upon such Terms and Conditions, and in such Manner as he or they shall think proper, subject nevertheless to the Payment of a Salary to the Minister of the said Church or Chapel for the Time being, as herein-after mentioned.

III. And be it furthtr enacted, That when and so soon as the said Church or Chapel shall be consecrated, it shall be lawful for the said

John

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 64. 1151

'John King, or in case of his Death, then for such Person or Persons as he Hull by any Writing or Writings tinder his Hand and Seal for that nation, then " Purpose have appointed, or in calc no such Appointment shall have been vicarat

made, then for the Heirs and Adigns of the said John King, and he and r‘ they respectively is and are hereby authorized and empowered to nominate the find Minister; and in case of Death, Resignation, or Avoidance of such Minister, to nominate the second Mini tier of the fold Church of Chapel; and from and after the Death, Resignation, or Avoidance of such second Minister, the Patronage, Advowson, free Dispofuion, Nomination, and Donation of and to the said intended Church or Chapel,

shall for ever appertain to, and the same are hereby vested*in the Vicar of the said Parish of Leeds for the Time being; and that such Vicar for the Time being shall and may, upon every Vacancy or Avoidance after the second Vacancy or Avoidance of the said Church or Chapel as aforesaid, present a Minister to officiate in the fame; and every Minister of the said Church or Chapel shall be thereto admitted and licensed by the Archbishop of York for the Time being; and the said intended Church or Chapel, and the Minister thereof, and also the Person who shall act as or in the Nature of Church or Chapel Warden thereof re-ipeftively for the Time being, to be appointed as herein alter directed,

shall be under and subject to the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Archbishop of York and his Successors, and shall be visited in such Manner as other Churches or Chapels in the Diocese of York are visited.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case the said Office or Power to the Plate of Minister of the Did Church or Chapel, shall, at any lime or ]2f*ate°in0* Times hereafter be suffered to remain void for the Space of Six Calendar c.,f-0fr’emain-Months, without any Nomination or Prefencation thereto by the said ing voi i for John King, cr his Hrirs or Assigns, or such other Person or Persons as Montl‘s’ aforesaid, by virtue of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and

may be lawful for the Vicar of the said Parish of Leeds for the 1'ime being, to nominate and present, by Writing under his Hand, a fit and proper Person, duly qualified, to be the Minister of the said Church or Chapel , and that every such Person, after such Nomination and Presentation, and a Licence obtained from the Archbishop of York for the Time being, shall be deemed and taken to be the Minister of the said Church or Chapel, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, in the same Manner as if such Person had been nominated and presented by the said John King; and in case the said Vicar shall not nominate and prefejit a Mimft r to the said Church or Chapel within Six Calendar Months next after he is hereby authorized and empowered so to do, then and in every such Case the Norfiination or Presentacion of a Minister to the Lid Church or Chapel, shall lapse to the Patrons of the said Vicarage for the Time being, and from them to the Metropolitan, and from him to the Crown, according tQ the Course of Law in Presentative Livings or Benefices; and the Right of Nomination of a Minister to the said Church or Chapel lira'll and may be recovered, and the Office and Place of Minister thereof shall and may ceale, and be determined, in like Manner as the Pre-fcr.tation or Incumbency in any Presentative Benefice may now be recovered.

V. And be it further enacted, That during every such Vacancy of During v»-the said Office or Place of Minister of the said Church or Chapel, and

until furh Minister, so nominated, shall be licensed and appointed thereto Churciior as aforesaid, the Church or Chapel Warden for the Time being shall,

and

115*

the Chapel to be served by a proper Person.

Duty to be performed in the said Church or Chapel.

This Act not to extend to making any new P.irish, or to make the Inhabitants of L*cdi liable to the Kepaiis of this Chapel.

Provision for the Minister of the said Church or Chapel.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

and is hereby required to cause the said Church or Chapel to be served and supplied by Ibme proper Person or Periods in Manner hereinafter directed , and that the Person Of Persons so serving or supplying the lame shall be paid and allowed, for his and their Care and Pains therein, a reasonable Recompence, for Inch and so long Time as he or they shall so serve or supply the same.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, the said Church or Chapel shall be conlcirated by his Grace the Archbishop of Fork; and that the Minister thereof shall, and he is hereby required on every Sunday Morning aid Afternoon, and on every Christmas Day and Good Friday, in the Morning and Afternoon, to read or cause to be read in the said Church or Chapel the Prayers prescribed in the Book of Common Prayer or pubhek Liturgy of the Church of England; and shall on every Sunday throughout me Year, as well in the Morning as in the Afternoon, and also on every Christmas Dry and Good Friday in the Morning, preach or cause to be preached a Sermon in the said Church or Chapel; and the Minister for the Time being shall, when thereunto required, affill the Vicar of the said Vicarage, at the Monthly and other Sacraments of the Lord’s Supper, at the said Parish Church; but no other Duty of a Parochial Kind shall be performed in the said Church or Chapel, except the reading the Prayers, and preaching, admimftcring the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, and burying.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to erect or make any new Parish, or to affect or alter any Payments or Assessments, either Parliamentary or Parochial, except in the Cases herein specially provided fur; and that none of the Parishioners of the said Parish of Leeds, shall be subject or liable to the Repairs of the said intended Church or Chapel, or to any Charge, Rate, or Assessment on Account of such Repairs, other than the Sums herein-after directed to be paid by the Owners of any Seats or Pews in the said Church, for or towards the Repairs thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Support and Maintenance of the Minister of the said Church or Chapel for the Time being, there shall be paid and payable to him, Yearly and every Year, any Sum not less than the Sum of Seventy Pounds; and for that Purpose the said Pews and Seats to be disposed of by the said John King, his Heirs or Assigns, shall be fold, let, or otherwise disposed of, subject to a perpetual Rent Charge secured thereon of such Sum as the said John King, his Heirs or Assigns, shall think proper and ascertain, not Ids than the said Sum of Seventy Pounds, to be paid and payable by the Owners or Occupiers of the said Seats or Pews, to the Minister for the Time being. Quarterly, at the Four usual Days of Payment; that is to say, on Christmas Day, Lady Day, Midsummer Day, and Michaelmas Day in every Year, the First of such Payments to be made on such of the said Days as shall first happen after the Consecration of the said Church or Chapel; and if Default shall be made of or in the Payment of such yearly Sum of Money as shall be so fixed upon, or any Part thereof, by the Space of Thirty Days next over or after any of the Days whereon the fame ought to be paid as aforesaid, then and in every 'uch Cafe it shall be lawful f.r the said Minister for the Time being, or any Person or Persons authorized by him lo to do, to seize, enter upon, and take Possession of

12 the

H53

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

the said Seats or Pews, or any of them, and to let the same, and to receive the Rents thereof, until thereby or therewith there shall be received so much Money as will satisfy and pay the Aire.ir of the said Salary then due and owing as aforesaid, and also all such Colls and Expences as the said Minister may be put unto or have incurred in consequ; nee of such Delay, being in Arrear, and unpaid, and of his taking Possession of and letting such Pews or Seats as aforesaid, and the Overplus of the Money so received, if any, shall be repaid, on Demand, to the Owners or Occupiers of the Seats or Pews so seized and let} or else the said Minister for the Time being may sue for and recover the said yearly Sum or Rent so in Arrear, by Action of Debt, or upon the Cafe, for the Use and Occupation of such Pews or Seats, or any of them, to be brought against the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, in the Name of the Minister of the Church or Chapel of Saint James in Leeds, in the County of York, in any of the Courts of Record at H'ejl-minster, with full Costs of Suit.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Minister of the said Church or Chapel for the Time being, shall be and he is hereby declared to be enabled to purchase, accept, and take in Perpetuity to him and his Successors, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Income or Revenue whatsoever, so as the same shall not exceed in the Whole the annual Value of Two hundred Pounds, over and above the said yearly Rent Charge, for the Support and Maintenance of the Minister, and also for the Purposes of repairing or rebuilding of such Church or Chapel; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That for every Burial in any of the said Vaults, there shall be paid and payable to the Vicar of the said Parish of Leeds, a Surplice Fee of Twelve Shillings and Sixpence, and to the Minister of the said Church or Chapel a Surplice Fee of Twelve Shillings and Sixpence.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted, That after the said intended Church or Chapel shall be consecrated as aforesaid, the said Church or Chapel, and the Walls and Fences thereof, shall be supported and kept in Repair by the Owners and Occupiers of the said Pews or Seats in the said Church or Chapel for the Time being, and all the Expences to be incurred by the Church or Chapel Warden thereof as herein-after mentioned, shall be paid and defrayed by the said Owners and Occupiers in Manner herein-after directed.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That when and as often as any Repairs shall be necessary to be made or done in, to, or about the said Church or Chapel, or the Walls or Fences thereof, or any Money to be raised to bear and defray the Expences of the Church or Chapel Warden, relative to the said Church or Chapel, then and in every such Calc the Owners or Proprietors of the said Pews or Seats, or the major Part of them, assembled and met in the said Church or Chapel, pursuant to Notice to be for that Purpose given in the said Church or Chapel on some Sunday after Morning Service at least Ten Days previous to such Meeting, shall and may, and they are hereby required to make or cause to be made a Rate sufficient to answer and pay the Expences aforesaid, upon all the Proprietors of Pews or Seats in the said Church or Chapel, in

[Lee. C? Per.~\ 13 Ar—0 equal

Minister may take Lands, &e for his Maintenance over and above his Salary.

Fees to be paid for Burials.

Church or Chapel &c. to he kept in Repair by Ownevs and Occupiers of Pews.

Money to be raised for Repairs, &c. by an Assessment on Pew Owners.

H54-

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

equal Degree, in Proportion to the original Price or Value given or paid for each t ew or Seat respectively, or in Proportion to the annual Rent thereof respectively; and every such Rate shall and may be forthwith collected, gathered in, and received from the said Proprietors of Pews or Seats in the said Church or Chapel for the Time being, by the said Church or Chapel Warden for the Time being; and in case any such Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her, or their Executors or Administramrs, shall at any Time or Times neglect or refuse to pay to the said Church dr Chapel Warden for the Time being the Sum or Sums so charged and assessed on him, her, or them respectively by any such Rate, by the Space of Fourteen Days next after a personal Demand made, or Notice in Writing left at the usual or lait Place of Abode of the Person or Persons required to pay the same, or in case such Proprietor or Proprietors shall not reside in the said Parish, upon Notice being affixed upon the Door of the Pew or Pews of such Proprietor or Proprietors, then and in every such Calc it shall be lawful for the said Church or Chapel Warden for the Time being to use such and the like Means for the Recovery ol every such Rate, and the Money therein and thereby charged and assessed upon such Proprietor or Proprietors, as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm are provided for compelling the Payment of AffdTuients for the Repairs of Parish Churches.

Mmifler to

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mi-cierkind tiifter of the said Church or Chapel for the Time being, to nominate and Saxton, tie. appoint proper Persons to the Offices or Places of Clerk and Sexton, and to tuch other Offices or Places as he shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove or displace any such Officer or Officers, and appoint others in their Stead, or in the Stead of such of them as shall die, or decline or become incapable to perform their Offices reflectively.

Appointment

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Minister of the said Warden*//f. Church or Chapel, and the Proprietors of Hews or Seats in the said Church or Chapel, for the Time being, assembled and met therein on Five Days Notice, to be previously given in the said Church or Chapel on some Sunday Forenoon, immediately after Divine Service, or the md-jor Part of them so assembled, shall and may, on some convenient Dajl, within Twenty Days next after the Contention of the said Church or Chapel, and annually and every Year afterwards on Easter Monday, of which Notice shall be given on Easter Sunday in the Forenoon, after Divine Service, appoint and chuse, by Ballot or otherwise, (ome Person out of the Number of Proprietors of Pews in the said Church or Chipd for the Time being, as and for Church or Chapel Warden of the said Church or Chapel, which said Person so to be appointed and chosen, shall continue in the said Office until the Easter Monday following, and until another Church or Chapel Warden shall be nominated and appointed id, and accept the said Office; and every Person so to be appointed and chosen as aforesaid, shall, and he is hereby required to accept and take upon him the Office of Church or Chapel Warden as aforesaid, upon Pain that every Person so appointed, and neglecting or refusing to accept or execute the said Office, (not being a Second Time, contrary to his Inclination, appointed thereto within the Space of Ten Years), shall forfeit and pay to the lad preceding Church or Chapel Warden the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered by him by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at (Westminster, together with double 1 Colts

J,55

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

Costs of Suit, and to be applied towards the Repairs and Support of the said Church or Chapel; and then and in every such Case, or in case the said Church or Chapel Warden shall die before the Expiration of the said Year next after his Appointment to the said Office, it shall he lawful for the Minister and Proprietors for the Time being, assembled in the said Church or Chapel, in pursuance of Ten Days Notice, to be given as before directed, or the major Part of them so assembled, to nominate and appoint some other fit Person to the said Office, in the Room and Place of such Church or Chapel Warden so dying gr refusing as aforesaid, and such Person shall thereupon accept and take upon him the said Office, on Pain of the like Forfeiture, to be recovered and applied in like Manner as if such Pei;son had been originally elected and chosen to the said Office, and had refused to accept the same.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Person so appointed Chapel war-to, and accepting the said Office of Church or Chapel Warden of the Jen Duty‘ said Church or Chapel as aforesaid, shall and may, and he is hereby authorized, empowered, and required to collect the said Rates to be made

as herein-before dirtded, and all Briefs to be collected in the said Church or Chapel; and by and out of the Monies arising by such Rates, to pay all Bills for the Repairs of the said Church or Chapel, and also to find and provide Bread and Wine for the Holy Communion, and Books and Surplices for the Minister, and all other incidental Charges and Expences thereof, and to do, perform, and t ran fad all other Matters and Things requisite and necelLry for and concerning the Management and Support of the said Church or Chapel.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Keys of the said in- Key», e*c. of tended Church or Chapel shall from Time to Time be kept by, and left b-'eft tn'the in the Custody of the Church or Chapel Warden of the said Chu ch or custody of Chapel for the Time being, who shall also have the Custody and keeping warden* of the Plate, Furniture, Records, and Books belonging to the said Church

or Chapel, and shall and may deposit and keep the fame in the Vestry Room of the said Church or Chapel, or in such other Place as the Owners or Proprietors of Pews or Seats, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time direct, in a strong Chest to be for that Purpose provided, with Two secure Locks and different Keys; One of which Keys shall be from Time to Time kept by the said Church or Chapel Warden, and the other by the Minister of the said Church or Chapel for the Time being.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Person so to be chapel War-elected and chosen into, and accepting the Office of Church or Chapel ^"^"count. Warden as aforesaid, shall, and he is hereby enjoined and required to

keep a true and perfect Account of all and every Sum and Sums of Money by him received and paid during his Continuance in the said Office under and by virtue of this Act, and to enter all such Receipts and Payments in a proper Book or Books to be kept by the said Church or Chapel Wardtn for that Purposi- , which said Book or Books, and Account, shall and may be from Time to Time inspected by any Owner or Proprietor of a Pew or Seat in the said Church, or Chapel, upon Demand.

1156

Limit ition of Actioni.

Right of the Vicarage of LetJi not to be prejudiced.

General

Saving.

[Publick Act.]

4.10 GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case such Action or Suit shall be brought within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County of York, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence ac any Trial to be hid thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her, or their Suit or Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon Demurrer, then and in every of the said Cafe* the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery of the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have by Law for the Recovery of Cofl* in any other Cafe.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice, impeach, or affect any Right, Title, Interest, Claim, or Demand of the Vicar of the said Parish of Leeds, or his Successors, of or to any Tithes, Offerings, Surplice Fees, Oblations, Obventions, or other Ecclesiatticil Rights, Dues, Fees, Duties, Benefits, or Advantage* arising within the said Parish of Leeds, and belonging to the said Vicar or his Successors ffavc the Right of Nomination to the said Church or Chapel, and Feci for Burials as herein-before provided) but the said Tithes, Offerings, Surplice Fees, Oblations, Obventions, and other Ecclesiasticil Rights, Dues, Fees, Duties, Benefits, and Advantages, shall be paid and payable in the same Manner as they were respectively before the passing of this Act, or would or ought to have been in case the fame had not been made , any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary BOtwith (landing.

XX. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, and his, her, and their Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the said John King, his Heirs and Assigns) all such Right, Title, and Interest, of, in, to, or out of the fame Piece or Parcel of Ground, and the said Church or Chapel erected thereon, as they, every or any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or would have been entitled to in case this Act had not been made.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all Courts of Justice within this Realm, to be a Publick Act, and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such without the fame being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

t*t*

Cap. 65.

An Act for enlarging and improving the Market Place of the Town of Kingston-upon- Hull, and for making a commodious Street from thence to the River Humber, with a Dock and Wharf or Landing Place for the Ferry and Market Boats belonging and retorting to the said Town.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS the Town or Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull is very large and populous; and, from the great Increase of Inhabitants, and of the Trade and Commerce thereof, the Market Plice hath become too small, and the Streets called The Butchery and ghceen Street, near and leading thereto, are very narrow and incommodious: And whereas ihc Landing Places used for the Ferry and Market Boats, belonging and retorting to the fame Town, are in a very inconvenient Situation: And whereas it would contribute much to the Convenience and Acrommodarion, as well of the Inhabitants of the said Town as the Publick in general, if the said Market Place were enlarged and improved, and if divers Messuages, Tenements, and Buildings, in the said Town of Kmgjion upon-Hull, were taken down, and One commodious Street made, to xtend from the South End of the Market Place aforesaid to the River Humber; and if a Dock were made at the South End of the lame Street, adjoining the River, with a proper and convenient Wharf or Landing flor. Is? Per.] 13 P Place

Preamble-

Il62

M*yor and Bu gcOcs to f*nl ruf the Market PI ce, and takrd >wn the Guildhall for that Purpose.

To ere<5V another Guildhall a* their own Expence.

During the Time of ak-ing dpwn and rcbtnld11 g the Guild all, Mayor, &e. to provid a Place lor the publick Business.

To lay out a new Street, etc.

And also to build Houses.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

Place for the Accommodation of the said Ferry and Market Boats; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may he enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Town or Borough of Kingslfn-npor.-Hu!l, in Common Council assembled, shall be and they are hereby empowered to take down the Building called or known by the Name of The Guildhall of the Town of KingJhn-upon-Hull, and to lay out the Ground whereon the fame Hands, or so much thereof as they shall judge nerelfary, in enlarging and improving the Market Place of the said Town; and the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled, are hereby di-reftrd and required, at their own Expence, to erect and build, or cause to be erected and built, in a good and workmanlike Manner, a larger and more commodious Guildhall, upon such Part of the Ground whereon the present Guildhall now stands as shall not be wanted for the Purposes aforesaid, and on other Ground belonging to the said Mayor and Burgesses which adjoins thereto, or upon some Pair of the Ground near or adjoining to the present Guildhall, which shall be purchased under the Authority of thisNAft; and that the said new Guildhall, when erected and built as aforesaid, shall be maintained, supported, and kept in Repair by and at the Expence of the said Mayor and BurgdTcs and their Successors for ever.

II. And be it further enacted, That during the Time of taking down the present Guildhall, and until the said new Guildhall fir.til have been built, and made fit and opened for publick Business, the Lid Mayor and Burgesses shall, and they are hereby directed and required, at their own Expence, to provide some other fit and convenient Place, in the said Town of Kingston-Upon-Hull, to be used in like Manner and for the like Purposes as the present Guildhall hath been used or is properly applicable.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by themselves or their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, and Servants, to design, lay out, open, and make a spacious and commodious Street, of the B-eadth of rot less than Forty Feet, to extend from the South End of the Market Place aforesaid in a Southerly Direction to the River Humber, and to erect Dwelling Houses, Shops, and other Buildings on the Fait Side thereof; alto a suitable and convenient Dock at the South End of the said Street, to communicate with the River, and a publick Wharf or Landing Place there, for the Accommodation of the Ferry and Market Boats belonging and resorting to the said Town of Kingston-upon-Hull; and for those Purposes, to purchase and take down all such Houses and other Buildings as are described or mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or such or so many of them, or such Parts thereof respectively, as may be necessary; and to leave open all or so much of the Seites of the said Houses or the Grounds thereunto belonging as they may judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and to erect and build, or cause to be erected and built. Dwelling Houses or other Buildings upon such Part of the Ground to be purchased by virtue and under the Authority of this Act, as shall not be wanted for the Street intended to be made as aforesaid.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Mayor and Burge fils in Common Council assembled, shall well and effectually pave over the Ground of the said new intended Street, with the Materials of the Pavement of the present Streets so far as they will extend, and with a sufficient Quantity of new Materials of hke Quality to ftpply the Deficiency; anti that, after the fame new Street shall be so completed, made, and paved as aforesaid, the same shall for ever after be kept in Repair by such Ways and Means as the other publick Streets in the said Town of Kintston-upon-Hull aie now kept in Repair, and shall be subject to the like Powers, Provisoes, and Authorities, with tespect to paving, lighting, and cleansing, as the other publick Streets in the said Town of Kmgft on-upon-Hull are now subject to; and that after the said Dock and "Wharf or Landing Place as aforesaid shall be made and completed, the same shall be maintained, supported, and kept in Repair by and at the Expence of the said Mayor and Burgesses and their Successors for ever.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council act’embled, to cause to be built upon, stopped up, or in'closed, any of the present Courts, Alleys, Ways, or Passages adjoining the said intended new Street, and which now are or heretofore were used as Ways or Passages, and any Part or Parts thereof which shall appear to the said Mayor and Burgesses jn Common Council assembled, proper to be built upon, stopped up, or inclosed, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and to fell and dil( ofc of or let the Ground and Soil thereof to any Person or Persons, for such Uses as they shall think proper, and to 3pply the Money arising by such Sale or Sales or Letting, to the Purposes of this Act.

VI. And whereas His Majesty hath been graciously pleased to fisnify H is Royal Pleasure that, in order to enable the said Mayor and Burgesses to make such Duck and Wharf or Landing Place as aforesaid, for the Reception of the said Ferry and Market Boats, and other the Purposes herein-before mentioned, all that Plot or Parcel of Ground situa'e and be ng in the Town of Kingston upon-HulI aforesaid, in or near certain Scr cts or Places there called The Fore Ropery and Back Ropery or Hunj-ber Sheet, ibutcing upon Ground belonging to His Majesty, called Tie Atillery Yard-, and Ground of the said Mayor and Burgesses, on or towards the Bast; on other Ground of the said Mayor and Burgesses on or tow, rds the West; on the said Streets called The Fore Ropery and Buck Ropery or Humber Street on or towards the North; and on the Forr Sh ire of the River Humber on or towards the South, with the Erections and Buildings thereon Handing, now in the several Tenures or Occupations of ‘Thomas Hitholfon, John /Itkin, Timothy Thorney, Thomas Glee dew, and others, (being Part of the Land belong'ng to His Majesty's Military Works at the said Town of Kin?ston-upon RulF), shall, in Consideration of the Sum of Two thousand four hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said Mayor and Burge lies into the Treasury of His Majesty's Office of Ordnance, and to be applied to the current Service of His Majesty's laid Office of Ordnance, be granted and confirmed unto the said Mayor and Burgesses and their Successors; be it therefore enacted, That upon Payment of the said Sum of Two thousand four hundred Pounds by the said Mayor and Burgessts to the Treasurer lor the Time being of f Its Majesty's said Office of

Ordnance

1163

New Street te be paved.

To appropri* ate Courts, Alleys, etc. taken U>r the Purpos s of this Act.

Crown Land granted to the Mayor and Burge flea for a Dock and Landing Place for the Ferry.

1164

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

Ordnance, or his Deputy, (who is hereby authorized and required to receive such Money, ana to give a Receipt or Discharge for the lame), all that the said Plot or Parcel of Ground, Hereditaments, and Premisei above-mentioned and described, with the Appurtenances, shall be gran'cd and confirmed, and the same are hereby declared to be accordingly granted and confirmed to the said Mayor and Burgesses and their Suecelf irs, and the same shall thereupon become vested in the said Mayor and Burgesses and their Successors for ever, freed and abf dutcly discharged ol and from all Claim, Right, and Title whatl'oever of His Majesty m Right of the Crown, His Heirs, and Successors; and that from and immediately after Payment of the Sum of Two thousand four hundred Pounds as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor and Burgesses and their Successors to enter upon and take Possession of the fame Plot or Parcel of Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises, and to convert and apply the fame for the Purposes hereby directed.

form of the

Receipts.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Receipt or Discharge herein-before directed to be given for the said Sum of Tyro thousand four hundred Pounds, shall be in the Words or to the Effect following,

(vi'delicti:)

RECEIVED the Day of of the

‘ Mayor and Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Kingston-upon-

Hull, the Sum of Two thousand four hundred Pounds of lawful Money ‘ of Great Britain, in full for the absolute Purchase of all that Plot or

Parcel of Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises, being Part of the

Land belonging to His Majesty's Military Works at the said Town of

King/!on upon-Hull, and which, by an Act of Parliament pafie l in the

Forty-fift Year iit His laid Majesty's Reign, intituled, [Here insert the

Title of tbi. Ail} are directed and declared to become vested in the said

Mayor and Burgesses, upon Payment of the said Sum of Two thousa d ‘ four hundred Pounds into the Treasury of His Majesty's Office ot Ord-‘ nance, and which said Sum of Two thousand four hundred Pounds is

to be applied to the current Service of His Majesty's said Office of Ord-

nance. As Witness my Hand.

Witness, Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer,

(at the Case may be.)

Which Receipt or Discharge when so signed by the said Treasurer, or his Deputy for the Time being, shall be inrolled in the Office of the King’* Remembrancer of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster; and the proper Officer of the said Court is hereby required, upon the Production of such Receipt to inrol the fame, and at the Foot or on the Back thereof to give a Certificate of such Inrolment; and the said Receipt or Discharge, or a Copy of such Inrolment, duly acrelted by the proper Officer of the said Court of Exchequer, shall at all Times thereafter be admitted and allowed as Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity of the Payment of the said Sum of Two thousand four hundred Pounds in pursuance of this Act.

Mayor, etc. empowered to purchase.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby empowered, to treat and agree, and to employ any Person or Persons to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and other Persons entitled thereto, for the Purchase of all the Houses, Buildings, Lands, 8 Tenements,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.’ 1165

Tenements, and Hereditaments mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or so many or such Fart or Farts of such Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, as they Hull think necessary or proper to be purchated, removed, or pulled down, for effecting the said Improvements; and after Payment or the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be agreed upon or ascertained for such Put-chafe or Purchases, the said Mayor and Burgesses in'Common Council assembJrd are hereby authorized to appoint their Agents or Workmen to pull down such Houses or Buildings, and remove, fell, or dispose of thi Materials thereof, and to lay out such Lands respectively into such intended Street as aforesaid, or otherwise apply and dispose thereof for the Purposes of this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Premises Monomer not in the Schedule hereunto annexed mentioned, or any of the Persons in Execution of whole Posstflion or Occupation the fame or any Part thereof are or is flat- the Act.

ed or defcished to be, flail happen to be m illumed or inaccurately dc-fctibtd, such Misnomer or inaccurate Descripuon Ih.ill not prevent or retard the Execution of this Act; but the fame Premises, and every Part thereof, shall and may be puidialed, fold, conveyed, disposed of, and applied to and for the Purposes of this Acr, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were properly or more particularly named or described.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or No Person Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall be applied to by mn^r^onuj or on Behalf of the said Mayor and Bmgefles in Common Council a (Ton- Property if bled, to treat for, fell, dispose of, or convey, for any of the Purposes of vvh'Jle'1* this Act, any Part or Paris of ar.y House, Budding, Land, Tenement,

or Hereditament, in the actual Occupation of One Person, or of feve-rai Persons jointly, and shall by Notice in Writing to be left at the Office of the Town Clerk of the Lid Town of Kingslor.-upon-Hull, within Thirty Days next after such Application, signify his, her, or their Inclination or Deflre to treat for, f.II, dispose of, and convey the Whole of such House, Building, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, some Part whereof shall be deemed necessary to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, and it frail happen that the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled shall not think proper or be willing to purchase the Whole of such House, Building, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, then and in every such Cale, nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to exiend to con p l the several Pei ions interested therein to treat fur, fell, dispose of, or convey Fait only, or less than the Whole of such House, Building, Land, Tenement, O' Hereditament; any '1 hing herein-befcre contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said May- Corporathn or and Buigefles in Common Council assemblrd shall nor, wirhin the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, agree for Premi.es with, or cause to be valued as herein-after mentioned, and within Six Years then next following actually purchase and pay for, the Houses, Lands, Owners there-Tenements, and Hereditaments which they are hereby empowered to pur- of not bound chafe for the Purposes aforesaid, then and in such Ca'c the Owners or ‘olel totht,n' Proprietors of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall not have been so agreed for, or valued, purchased,

\Loc. & Per.J 13 and

n66 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

and paid for, within the several Times herein-before limited for such Purposes respectively, shall not be bound or obliged to fell such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any of them, or any Part or Parcel of them or any of them, to the said Mayor and Burgestes, for the Purposes of this Act j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Bodies Poli-

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies tick, Truf- Polirick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Persons em-er Trustees and Feoffees in Trod for charitable or other Uses, and all other powered to tell Trustees and Feoffees in Trust whatsoever, Guardians and Committees for Lands',"/'Z Lunaticks and Idiots, Executors, Administrators, and Guardians whatsoever, not only for or on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs, and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be frifed in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be feil'ed or possessed of or interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which by the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled shall be thought necelfaiy to be purchased for any of the Purposes of this Act, to sell and convey, assign or surrender all or any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenemen s, or Hereditaments, or any of them, or any Part or Parcel thereof, and all their respective Interests therein of what Nature or Kind soever, to the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Town or Borough of Kingsten-upcn-HuU and their Successors, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances, Alignments, Surrenders, and Assurances, which shall be made by such Persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but allb to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Ul’e, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of their several and respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons whomsoever, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them; any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter o Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; a!) whi.li Conveyances and Surrenders so to be made in pursuance of this Act, or a Memorial thereof, shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the making thereof, be registered at the publick Register Office established in Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, at the Expence of the Porchafers; and that all such Persons so conveying as af.*rc-i'aid, or making such Assurances as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission or Mistake of Matter or Form whatsoeva; when Parties and if it shall happen that any Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Coiiegiate, «'ea justice’ or any other Person or Persons, seised or possettfed of, or interested in any of Peace for such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in thi ing of the'1^" ^al<^ Schedule mentioned and ddcribed, shall refuse to treat or agree, or Count)- of Tor k by reason of Disability cannot agree with the said Mayor and Bjrgcflcs in cepffoHm' Common Council assembled, or with any Person or Persons authorized by pannrliing a them, for the Sale and Conveyance of" their respective Estates and Interests Juryi therein, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises they

are in Possession of, or to the Interest they claim therein, to the SatisLc-

i . tiun

Conveyances to be regil-tered.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

1167

tion of the said Mayor and Burgtfles in Common Council assembled, or of the Person or Persons so authorized by them, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the East Riding of the County of York, upon Application to him made by the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled, and such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required, within Fourteen Days next after such Application to be made, to ifliae his Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, dirtfted to the Sheriff of the said County of York, who is hereby authorized, directed, and required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons of the said Riding, qualified to serve on Juries, not less than Forty-eight nor more than Seventy-two; and out of who are to be such Persons so to be impanneled, summoned, and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by some Person to be by the said Justice ap- direfh. pointed, in such Manner as Juries for the Trials of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster are by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, directed to be drawn; which Persons so to be impanneled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Justice at such Time and Place, within the said Town of Kingslon-upon-Hull, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said Justice from Day to Day until discharged by him; and all Jury may be Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any cif the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Justice is hereby authorized and empowered by Precept or Precepts, from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to call before him all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought proper and necessary ro be examined as a Witness or Wicnrfles, on his, her, or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises , and the said Justice if he thinks fir, shall and may, on the Application of either Party, otherwise authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places or Pre-miles in qtieftion, in such Manner as they shall direct; and the said Justice shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day, as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses, and Parties to attend until all such Affairs for which thry were summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Jury toaflei* Oaths of such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, Q^tiyalue011 the said Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall esquire of the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the respective Estates snd fntertfts of every Person or Persons seised or possessed thereof or iri-tetefted th- rein, or of or in any Part thereof, and shall airefsor award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons, Party or Parties respectively, for the Purchase of such House«, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditament', and of such respective Estates and Intends therein, and also lor the Goodwill, Improvements, or any Injury or Damage whatsoever that may affect any such Person or Persons, Party or Parties, either as Leaseholder or Tenant at Will, and the said Justice shall and may give Jud ernent for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be aflefiedi which said Verdict or Verdicts, and the said Judgement and Judgements, Verdiaof the Determination and Determinations thereupon (Notice in Writing being "*

given to the Person or Persons interested, or claiming so to be, at least

Fourteen

1168

Upon Payment of the "Value assessed, the Premises to be conveyed to the Mayor, etc.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

Fourteen Days before the Time of Meeting of the said Justice and Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of some of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in (ended to be valued or assessed) shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes wiiaisoever, as well against the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and buec.-flors, as against: all Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all and every Person or Persons claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Ulc, or Interest, in, to, or out of such Houses, Buddings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments and Premises, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, as well as Infants and Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, as all other Cctluique Trusts, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoeverj and the said Verdictsj Judgements, and Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the said Justice and Juries so to be made, given, and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the said Riding; and in case ic shall lo happen that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and awarded, in consequence of such Refusal to treat and agree as aforesaid, as the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or as such proportionable Value as aforesaid, and as the Recompence and Satisfaction to be made for the Injury or Damage sustaintd as before mentioned respectively shall not exceed the Sum or Sums of Money which the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall have previously offered to pay as and for such Value, Recompence, and Satisfaction, then and in every such Case all the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences of causing and procuring such Value and Recompence to be assessed and awarded by a Jury as aforesaid, and of so assessing and awarding the fame, shall be borne and paid by the Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so seised or possess'ed of, or interested in such Houses, Buileiings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and so refusing to treat and agree as before-mentioned respectively; and the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled are hereby authorized and empowered to dedud and retain the said Colts, Charges, and Expences out of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed or awarded as aforesaid, or out of any Part thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be awarded and adjudged as aforesaid, alter such Deduction as aforesaid, if the Cafe shall so require, to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so awarded, for the Purchase of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for the Purchase of any Estate or Interest therein, such Person or Persons shall nuke and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, anti legal Conveyances, Assignments, and Assurances in the Law to the said Mayor and Burgesses, and their Successors, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, andlletc-ditaments, or of such Ettateor Interest, for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded, and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Assignments, and AfTurar.ces, and shall do all Acts,

Matters,

nt»9

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

Matters and Things necessary and requisite to make and derive a good, clear, and perfect Title thereto to the said Mayor and Burgesses; and such Conveyances, AfTtgnments, and Assurances shall contain all such reasonable and usual Covenants as fh .11, on the Part of the said Mayor and Burgesses, be required; and in case the Person or Persons to whom When a good such Sum or Sums ot Money shall be awarded as aforesaid, shall not be ^'madT'or' able to evince and make out a good and sufficient Title to the Premises icg.i convey, to the Satisfaction of the said Mayor and Burgesses, and to make or pro- ‘"dex' cure to be made good, valid, and legal Conveyances thereof to the said ’ Mayor and Burgesses, or any Person or Pctfons in Trust for them, or shall refuse lo to do, being thereto required, and such Sum or Sums Id assessed and awarded as aforesaid, after such Deduction as aforesaid, being produced and tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, on their making such Title, and executing, or procuring to be executed such Conveyances, Alignments, and Assurances as aforesaid, or shall refuse to accept or receive the same, being tendered to be paid to him, her, or them; or in case any such Person or Persons to whom any Sum or orthefar-Sums of Money as aforesaid shall be so awarded, cannot be found irt ties are not the said Town of Kingston - upon - Hull, or within Two Hundred to b-toun > Miles thereof; or in cale that by real'on of Disputes depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Defect of Evidence, it shall not appear to the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled, what Person or Persons is or are entitled to the Premises in question, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Mayor and Bur- Court to gestes to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so assessed and awarded pr, Mo as the Value and Purchase Money for the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, mytobepad Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of into the Bank, England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of "c' the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Houses, Building', Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m) subject to the Order, Cor.troul, and Disposition or the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of subject to the Chancery, on the Application of any Pc;son or Persons making Claim to court of such Sum or Sums, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be Chancery, on and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of proceeding or other- ^'?^j°0"or wife, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order Distribution thereof, according to the respective Elfate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as the lame Court shall think just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person as shall pay any such Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all such Verdicts, Judge- Verdictsto ments, Determinations, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Juf- be recorded, tice and Juries as relate to or concern any of the Cases before mentioned, and all Receipts which the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Eank shall give for any Sum or Sums of Money paid into the Bank in consequence of any Verdict and Judgement, shall be entered among the Records of the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Riding; and the [Loc. 1st /Vr.J 13 R said

1170

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

said Verdicts, Judgements, Sentences, Decrees, and Orders, and other Proceedings shall be deemed and taken to be Records, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the fame or true Copies thereof, shall be ‘deemed and taken to be good and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever , and all Persons shall and may have Recourse to the fame gratis, and to take Copies thereof, pay. ing for every Copy not exceeding Two hundred Words Sixpence, and lo Immediately proportionally for any greater Number of Words-, and immediately andp^ments afor such Verdicts, Judgements, Sentences, Decrees, Orders, and other &e. Piemifts’ Proceedings of the said Justice and Juries, and Payment into the Bank as Msjor'fev aforesaid, and after such Receipt or Receipts of the said Cashier or ’ ' Cashiers shall be given as before mentioned, all the Estate, Right, Title,

Interest, Ui'e, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons to whole Credit lurh Money shall be paid, into and out of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises to be purchased as aforesaid, shall vest in the said Mayor and Burgesses, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin or Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person having any Ellate in the Premises, had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled. Feoffment with Livery of Seisin, Fine, Common Recovery, or any other Conveyance or Assurance whatsoever; and such

Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and

Demand of the Person or Persons to whole Credit such Payment shall have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Eliates Tail and other Estates in Poffrflion, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the Lffue and Issues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or Common Recoveries

would do if levied or suffered by the proptr Parties in due form of Law.

Application of

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or whe^olcced" aware^e^ 10 be P3'd for any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or ing 100l. Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation. Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity aforesaid, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all tonvc-nient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Mayor and Burgefils, to the Intent rhat such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or toward the Discharge of any Deb- or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Parc thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting other Houses, Buildings, Lands, 'tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame o: to the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes j or where fudi Money shall not be

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 65. 1171

so applied, then the fame shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and thtf like Uses, Trusts,

Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Efleif; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidared, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities i and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purports aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Pet foil or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments lo hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Houses, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Pur- not exceed poses aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the 1 Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the

Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, cr used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Commicree or Committees in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into tile Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, In order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be piid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Mayor and Burgesses (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before d.rcdted, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction ot Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall Hteftthan'* be ltfsthan Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be 101. applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have heen entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Land;, Tenement', or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or

used

nfi

Bargains and Sales to have the Force of Fines and Recoveries.

The Court of Chancery may order reason-ab'e Expences of Purchases to be piid by the Mayor and Burgesses*

Persons l>av-ingany Right, &c. to en»er their Claims within a limited Time, or be barred.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

iifed for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Mayor and Burgesses shall think fit , or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, hrr, cr their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyances of any such Eftaie or Interest of any Feme Covert to the said Mayer and Burgesses, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, by Indenture or Indentures of Bargain and Sale, sealed and delivered by such Feme Covert, in the Presence of and attested by Two credible Witnesses, and duly acknowledged, and enrolled at the Register Office in and for the East Riding of the County of York, and Town and County of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, within Six Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such Feme Covert in the Premises, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do if levied or suffered thereof in due Form of Law j and further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as shall be purchased by the said Mayor and Burgesses by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, and enrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like Force, Effect, and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever would have had, if levied or suffered by the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Person or Persons fei-fed of any Estate in the Premises in Trust for such Bargainer or Bargainers, in any legal Manner or Form whatsoever.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reafen of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corpcrati >n entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and applied in the Purchase of Other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it final] be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time ro be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expence a- the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Mayor and Burgellcg, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons Whomsoever having or claiming any Right, Title, Interest, Ufo, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, whether tn Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, into or out of any Hr uses. Buildings, Lane's, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act shall be purchased by, and conveyed or mentioned or inte tdel to be conveyed to the said Mayor and Burgesses, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, by any such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, I!',:!', within the Space of Five Years, to be computed from the Date of the Enrolment of such Bargain and Sale, enter a Memorial of such their Right, Title, Interest, Ule, Property, Claim, and Demand, in a B ok to be for that Purpose prepared and kept by the Town Clerk of the said Town of Kvpfion-upon~Hull, which Bock the said Town Clerk is hereby required

to

i*73

41° GEORGII lit Cap. 65.

to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which Entry he shall be entitled to such Fee, and no other, as the Register of the East Riding of the County of York is by Law entitled to lor the Registry of a Memorial containing the fame Number of Words; and all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, not entering Inch Right, Claim, and Demand within such Time and in such Manner as aforesaid, or having I'o entered the fame, and not prosecuting such their Right, Claim, or Demand with Effect within the Space of Five Years, to be computed from the Time of such Entry, shall be for ever barred of all Right, Title, Ule, Equity,

Prpperty, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, whether-in Possession, Reversion,

Remainder, or Expectancy, into, upon, or out of the said Premtfes, and every Part thereof, and the said Mayor and Burgesses, and those claiming by, from, cr under them, shall be quieted in the Possession of all such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises t any Law, Statute, Usage, Matter, or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any Per- But may reson or Petlons barred of any Right, Titlr, Ellate, Interest, Claim, or chafe Moneyj Demand whatsoever, into or out of the said Houses, Buildincs, Lands, from Per-Tenements, or Hereditaments, by virtue of this Atft, shall be at Liberty [heVame, Vln* to bring any Action or Actions of Debt, or for Money had and received to his, hrr, or their Ul'e, against any Person or Persons, or the legal Re-prdentatives of any Person or Persons who shall have received all or any Part of the Purchase Money arising from such Sale of the said Houses Buildings, L.an is, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Prctnifes aforesaid; and that in every such Case the respective Plaintiffs, on Proof of such Title as would enable them to recover such Houses, Buildings, Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or any Estate or Interest in the fame, shall recover the said Purchase Money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to the Mesne Profits of the Premises which they would have been entitled to recover in cal'e this Act had not been made;

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will, or Tenant at Lefice for a Year, or any other Person or Persons in Possession of any such ^«fpoflif. Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, or liononSix any Part thereof, which shall be purchased by virtue of and for the Pur- No"

poses of this Act, and who shall have no greater Interest in the Premises than as Tenant at Will, or as Lessee for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises to the said Mayor and Burgesses, or to such Person or Persons as the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled shall appoint to cake Possession of the fame, upon having Six Calendar Months Notice 10 quit such Possession from the Ma\or and Burgesses in Common Council assembled, or the Person or Persons lo authorized by them; and such Person or Persons in Possession shall, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, or so soon after as he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Mayor and Burgeflrs, or the Person or Persons authorized by the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled, to take Possession thereof; and that in case any such Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said

1174

Mortgagee!, on T nder of Principal and Inter eft, to convey.

On Refusal Interut to cease.

U'wn Pay-fffent of Pr'n-c’pal and Imc eft into the Bank.

Monies to be paid o rendered before a n U'e made of the pre-mi fc».

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

Town and County of the said Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to issue his Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said Town and County, to deliver Possession of the Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the lame; and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver such Possession accordingly of the said Piemiles, and to levy such Colls as shall accrue from the Issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of bisy her, or their Goods.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Houses, Bu Id-ings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, not being in PoiielCon thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, on the Tender of the Principal Money and Interest due thereon, together with the Amount of Six Calendar Months Interest on the said Principal Money, by the Lid Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council aflemloled, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately convey, assign, and transfer such Morrgage or Mortgages to the said Mayor and Burgesses, or to such Person or Persons as they the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council shall appoint-, or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have No;ice in Writing from the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, that (hen at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign, and transfer his, her, or their Interest in the Premises to the said Mayor and Burgesses, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Trust for them; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid on such Tender or Payment, that then all Interest on every such Mortgage shall from thenceforth cease and determine.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Principal Money, and Iuterell due on any Mortgage as aforesaid into the Bank, at the End of Six Calendar Months from the Day of giving such Nolice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, in like Manner as is herein b fore oirerfled in Cases of other Payments into the Bank, and th reupon all the Efface, Right, Title, Interest, Ule, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand of the Lid Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons in Trust for him, her, or them, shall vefl in the said Mayor and Burgesses, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprizd in such Morrgage or Mortgages to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money, or other Consideration, Recompence, or Satisfaction to be paid or made pursuant to any such Agreement or Verdict as aforesaid, or in Discharge of any such Mortgage, shall be paid or tendered to the Party or Parties entitled to the fame, or paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, be-

1 fore

1175

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

fore the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall proceed to pull down any House or Houses, or other Erections or Buildings comprized in or affefhd by such Agreement, Verdict, or Mortgage respectively, or to use the Ground for any of the Purposes of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace for the said Riding shall have Power from Time to Time to impose a reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, on such Sheriff or his Deputy, Bailiffs or Agents respectively, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned, and returned on any such Jury or Juries, or being so sworn shall not give his or their Verdicts, and also on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching any of the Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend (unlel's for fonie sufficient Excuse) or shall refuse to be sworn or to affirm, or who shall refuse to give his, her, or their Evidence, and on any other Person or Persons who shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his, her, or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and from Time to Time to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Justice respectively, by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners; and that a Copy of the Order of the said Justice, signed by the Clerk of the Peace of the said East Riding or his Deputy for the Time being, shall respectively be sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons therein to be appointed, and to every oth r Person or Persons acting, or aiding or assisting therein to make such Distress and Sale; and all such Fines shall be paid to the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture under their Common Seal to grant and convey in Fee, either for a Sum or Sums of Money in gross or for an annual Rent, or to mortgage or demile for a Term of Years, all such of the said Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be purchased by and conveyed to the said Mayor and Burgesses and their Successors, as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of the said intended new Streer, or the said Deck or Landing Place, or any Part or Parts thereof, for such Sum or Sums of Money, or under such yearly Rents, and to be reserved or limited in such Manner, as the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled shall from Time to Time judge proper; and that all such Grants, Conveyances, Mortgages and Demises shall be valid and effectual in the Law, any Thing herein contained, or any other Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales, Mortgage or Mortgages, of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Mayor and Burgesses to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be fold, which Receipts shall be sufficienc Discharges to the Purch.Ter or Purchasers, Mortgagee or Mortgagees, for

Justice for the bait Riding may fine Sheriff, Juries, or Witnesses, for not attending,

ev.

Mayor, fcfc. emijowered to re-fell Land,

1176

And to use or fell old Materials.

Monies arising by Sal s, (£c. to bir aopro-pr «red to the fu p fesoi this Act.

Mayor, &c. empowered to app nt Committees.

Persons interestrrl not eligible on fur* Committee.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6$.

the Money for which loch Premises shall be so fuld or mortgaged, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be received i and such Person or Persons shall not be anftwrable or accountable for any Losses, Misapplication or Non-application, of such Purchase Money or any Part thereof: Provided always, That the said Mayor and Burgesses, before they shall lell and dispolc of such Land) or Buildings, shall fit ft offer to re-sell the same to the Period or Personj from whom they shall have putchaled such Lands or Buildings; and in case such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refule to re-purchal’e the fame, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master Exraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justict s of the Peace for the said Town and County of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, by some Person or Perons no way interested in the said Lands or Buildings, (fating that fuvh Offer was made by or on Behalf of the said Mayor and Burgesses, and th't such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was rrful. d by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was lo off-red, shall in all Cou ts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence anti Proof that such Offer was made, and was not agreed to or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled, shall and may ule or cause to be used such of the old Mat- rials of Houses and other Buildings to be taken down, removed, or altered respectively pursuant to this Att, in or ah-ut the making and finishing of the aforesaid new Buildings and other Improvements, or any of them, or the fame Materials, or any Part thereof, shall and may fell or cause to be sold as they shall think fit.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Rents, and other Sum and Sums of Money to arile by the Sale or letting of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to fie let or fold, or by Sale of the Materials of Houses and Buildings to be purchased and pulled down as aforesaid, shall be applied and the same are hereby appropriated to the Purposes of this Act, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled, from Time to Time to appoint One or more Committee or Commitees to manage and transjet all or any of the Matters or Purposes which they the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled are hereby authorized and required to do, execute, or perform; which Committee or Committees so to be appointed, shall have such or so much of the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled as the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council aff tnbled shall think fit or proper to delegate to such Committee or Committees.

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if any Person, being a Member of any such Committee, shall be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in any Contract which shall be nude or entered into by or on Behalf of such Committee, for or concerning any of the Works to be performed or done in pursuance of this Act,

or

ii77

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

or for or concerning any Materials to be used or employed therein, every such Contract shall be void; and the Person who, being a Member of lech Committee, shall be so interested or concerned, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the lame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, to be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, in whkh Action or Suit respectively, no Protection, Essoign, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That previous Directiom for to the making of any such Contract, Notice shall be given in one of riv "s Notice tht Hu'.l Newspaptrs, and by Handbills circulated in the said Town Gf con.r.et. Kingslon-upon-Hull, that such Committee intend to make such Contracr,

and that all Persons willing to engage thrrtin, may make Proposals to the said Committee, at a certain Time and Place in every such Notice to be specified; and all Cor.tiafls made or to be made in Consequence of such Notice, shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Price or Prices to be paid lor the fame, and the Time or Times when the said Works are to be completed, together with the Penalties to be incurred in case of the Non-performance thereof; and the same shall be signed by the Clerk for the Time beirg of such Committee, as also by the Person or Persons contrasting to perform such Works respectively, and shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by such Committee.

XXXIII. Provided always, anil be it further enacted, That it shall be Mayor, tr\-lawful for the said Mayor and BUrgdfcs in Common Council assembled,

cr such Committee or Committees as shall be appointed as herein-before k directed, and they are hereby authorized and empowered respectively, from Time to Time to nominate and appoint such anil so many Clerks and other Officers under them, as shall Lc ntcclfary to be employed in or about the Execution of all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, and to make such Allowances to the said Clerks and Officers respectively, for their Care and Pains in the Execution of their respective Offices, as they shall think reasonable; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Officer and Officer«con. Officers, o’- other Person or Persons whomsoever concerned or to be concerned in the Receipt of any Money under or by virtue of this Act, be- Monty'to fore he or they shall be permitted to take upon him or them the Exe 8ive Security, cution of any of the said Offices, shall be fcound with sufficient Sureties to the said Mayor and Burgesses for the jult and faithful Execution of such Offi,e or Employment, in such reasonable Sum or Sums of Money as by the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled shall be thought fit, having regard to the Trust reposed or to be reposed in such Officer or Officers.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Officer or Offi- Penalty on cers, or other Person or Persons as lad above-mentioned, shall after Re-

cetpt of any of the Monies aforesaid, divert or tnifapply the fame, or any ni«s.° "

« \LoctfPer.’] 13 T Part

1x78 41° GEORGII II!. Cap. 65,

Part thereof, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then such Officer or Person respectively as aforesaid, so diverting or misapplying the Paid Money, shall forfeit treble the Sum so diverted or misapplied, with full Costs of Suit; which said Forfeitures (h ill be recovered by the said Mayor and Burgesses by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

frerryand

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and to^.ie'am*19 f° soon as the said Dock and Wharf or Landing Place shall be made, deliver at the all the Firy and Market Boats belonging or rcfortii.g to the said Town Land ns piece of King'ton-apon- lull, shall proceed to the said Dock, and land and deliver to be made as their Passengers and Goods upon the said Wharf or Landing Place, and nentdewhere. at n0 other Place within the Limits of the said Town, (except as hereafter mentioned); and that all such Ferry and Market Boats respectively shall take in and receive their Passengers and Goods, to be conveyed from the said Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, at the said Wharf or Landing Place, and at no other Place within the Limits of the said Town, (except a!so as hereafter mentioned).

Appointment

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and mar be lawful tendantPoVthe for the said Mayor and Burgesses in Common Council assembled, and Dock. they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time as Occasion shall require,

to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be the Superintendant of the said Dock and Wharf or Landing Place, and to remove, fofpend, or difrmfs such Person so to be appointed at their free Will and Pleasure-, His Power. which Superintendant of the said Dock shall have full Power and Authority to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving, or removing of all the Ferry and Market Boats coming into, lying, or being in the said Dock , also to appoint and direct the Time or Times and Manner of their Entrance into or going out of the fame Dock, and the Situations and Births for such Boats to land or deliver, lade or take in, their respective Passengers and Goods, and the Time or Times of opening and (hutting the Gates of the said Dock.

Penalty for

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That after the

hlsOnler? laid Dock an^ Wharf or Landing Place shall be made, if any Matter, Servant, or other Person having the Charge or Diretffion of any Ferry or Market Boat, shall proceed to any other Place within the Limits of the said Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, except the said Dock, to receive and take in or land or unload any Passengers or Goods (but in Cases of Necessi'y, to be allowed by the Superintendant of the said Dock for the Time teing), or if any such Matter, Servant, or other Person as aforesaid shall disobey the Orders or Directions of the Lid Superintendant with respect to the lading or delivering, mooring or unmooring any Ferry or Market Boat, every such Matter, Servant, or other Person so offending, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered and applied as herein-after mentioned.

For keeping

XXXIX. And for the better making and preserving a free and clear to'th^Dock1 PafiJgc and Entrance from the River Humber into and out of the said clear. - - Dock,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 6s.

Dock, for the said Ferry and Market Boats; be it further enacted, That no Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, Craft, or Boat of any Description whatever, shall lie across in or in any way obstruct the Entrance into or from the said Dock, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, to be paid by the Matter, Servant, or other Person having the Charge of every such Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, Craft, or Boat as [aforesaid, and to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall throw, cast, or put any Ballad, Earth, Dust, A flies, Stones, or other Things into the said Dock, or upon the said Wharf or Landing Place, to be made in pursuance of this Act, to the Prejudice thereof, or do any other Annoyance to the fame or any Part thereof, and Complaint thereof shall be made upon Oath by the said Supeiintcndant, or any other Person or Persons, the same shall be examined into and determined by Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Pface for the said Town of Kingston-ufon-HuU, and they are hereby authorized to impose upon the Offender or Offenders such Fine or Fines, not exceeding Five Pounds for each Offence, as the said Justices shall think rea-fonaole.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, concerning which no particular Direction hath been already given, shall, (if not paid within Fourteen Days after the same shall be demanded) be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon-Hull; which Warrant they are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon the Information of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath before them made, which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer; and that all such Penalties and Forfeitures (after drdufting all Damages, Rewards for the Detection of Offenders; and the Chfts and Charges of Suit, and rendering the Overplus (if any) when demanded, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted) shall be paid to the Common Officer of the said Town of Kingston-upon-Hull for the Time being, and 'be applied One Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Purposes of this Act; and in case no such Distress as aforesaid can be had, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Two or more Justices, by like Warrant or Warrants, to commit the Party or Parties offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said Town and County of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, for the Space of Ten Days, without Bail or Mainprize, or for any less Time, at the Discretion of such Justices, unless the said Penalty and Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XLN. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace, of any Two of them, by whom any Judgement, Sentence, or Determination shall be given, pronounced, or made, from Time to Time, where they fee Caule, to mitigate, compound, or lessen any of the Penalties or Forfeitures afore-

To prevent

Nuisances i«t the Dock.

Recovery and Application of Penalties,

On Nonpayment of Penalties, liable to Commitment.

Penalties may be mitigated.

118(3

Farm of Conviction.

AppeJ.

D'stress not to be deemed nn'awful for Want of Form.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

said, aS he or they in his or their Discretion shall think fit, so as such Mitigation or Composition do not extend to remit above One Moiety of the Penalty inflicted and directed to be levied by this Act; and that every such Mitigation or Composition shall be a sufficient D scharge for the Persons offending respectively, for lo much of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as shall be so mitigated, lessened, or remitted.

XLIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may caulc the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form (videlicet)

gE it remembered. That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

‘ A.B. is convicted before us, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Town and County of the Town of Khrgston-upon-Hull £ specifying the Offence, and the ’Time and Place when

and where committed, as the Case may be']

Given under our Hands and Seals the Day and Year first above-‘ mentioned.’

XI

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the Order or Determination of any Justice Or Justices of the Peace, with respect to any Penalty to be imposed by Virtue of this Act, may, within Three Calendar Months at-ter such Order or Determination shall have been made or given, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions to be held for the said East Riding of the County of 2"ork, first giving Ten Days Notice at the lead in Writing of such Intention to appeal, to the Parties interested in such Complaint; and the said Justices shall in a summary Way hear and determine the said Appeal at such Session, or, if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Court of Quarter Scflior.s of the Peace to be held for the said Riding; and if they lee Caule may mitigate any Penalty or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned, which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Order or Determination, and may also order any such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, as they shall judge reasonable, and may also order such Cods to be paid to the Party aggrieved by the Party aggrefting, as they in their Judgement shall think just and reasonable.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on Account of any Defect, Default, or Want of Form in any Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ah initio on Account of any Irregularity, which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage by Action on the Cafe.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 65. 1181

XLVI. And be it Anther enacted, That no Proceeding to be had touch- Proceeding! ing the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any for

Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or tranlacled in or Want ot relating to the Execution of this Act, shall tv vacated or quashed for Want Foim-of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process wtiatfoevqr, intojmy of ’His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary riofwithstanding.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Stature made in the J"'

Twenty-fourth Ydarnf the Reign of His late Majesty George the Second, , J, intituled. Art All for rendering Justices of the Place more safe in the Execution lhe ‘>e ice . of their Office, and for indemnifying Con flails and others ah: ing in Obedient e ihe'Exrcuiion to their Warrants, so far as the fame relates to rendering Justices of the vfiheii > itce. Peace more safe in the Execution of th ir Office, shall extend and be con- gJi'Air strued to extend to the Justices respectively acting under the Authority of this Act j and no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Pei lion or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance or under Colour of this Act, until Twenty Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Pjf;y or Parties aggrieved, or Six_Calcndar Months next after the Fast committed for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be biotight, laid, and tried in the County of l'ork, being the next adjoining County to the Town and County of the Town of Kingslen-upon-IIuil, and not elsewhere; and that the Defendant or Defend- General ants in such Actions or Suits, and every of them, may plead the General ttiu;.

Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits shall be so brought, was done in ptirfuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty Days Notice given as aforesaid, and that a sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance thereof, or if Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in any of the Cales aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering T ,eC ft. the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cods in other J'

Cases by Law.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and pUbiick. Act. taken to be a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without the fame being specially pleaded.

13 U

[hoc. &? Per.-}

The

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 65

The SCHEDULE

To which this Act refers.

In the Fish Shamble Alleys:

A Dwelling House in the Occupation of William Thorley.

A Dwelling House in the Occupation of Robert Stoakes.

A Dwelling House in the Occupation of William Middleton.

A Dwelling House in the Occupation of France} Peat.

A Dwelling House in the Occupation of John Daggitt.

Three small Tenements or Dwelling Houses, in the several Occupations of John B an, William Brigham, William Petre.

A Dwelling House, in the several Occupations of Elizabeth Forth, Christopher Smith, Daniel Foley, Matthew Solomon, and Willed.

Two small Tenements or Dwelling Houses, in the several Occupitions of Jonathan Ackrell, Alexander Wright, Sufamtab Myers, and Edward Kirby.

A Dwelling House in the Occupation of Peter Watson.

Two small Tenements or Dwelling Houses, and several Out Offices, in the several Occupations of Thomas Dunn, Mary Daniel, and others.

In the Butchery:

A Shop, in the Occupation of William Barrow.

A Dwelling House and Shop, in the Occupation of Edward Stennil.

A Dwelling House and Shop, in the Occupation of George Wilson.

A Dwelling House and Shop, in the Occupation of John Ferraby.

A Dwelling House and Shop, in the Occupation of David Mills.

Several small Tenements or Dwelling Houses, and a Warehousr, behind the Hereditaments and Premises occupied by the said Peter Watson, George Wilson, John Ferraby, and David Mills, in the several Occupations of the said David Mills and his Undertenants, Widow Ellis, Am Taylor, Henry Burr ill. Widow Giliard, John Redmore, John Ml Kay, William Leak, John Savage, John Moody, and Robert Brady.

A Dwelling House in the Occupation of Matthew Wcyllandt, and a small Tenement behind the fame, in the Occupation of John Robinson.

Three Dwelling Houses or Tenements, in the several Occupations of Thomas Peck, Alexander Mills, Matthew Aby, John Walker, George AJkew, and Robert Blake.

A Dwelling House in the Occupation of the said John Walker,

A Dwelling House and Shop, partly in the Butchery and partly in the Blackfriar Gate, in the Occupation of Edwa’d Chapman.

In

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

In and on the North Side of Blackfriar Gate:

A Dwelling House and Shop, in the Occupation of John Drew.

A Dwelling House and Shop, in the Occupation of George Watfcn.

A Dwelling House and Shop, in the Occupation of John Walker.

A Dwelling House and Brewery, lately occupied by James Hopwood, but now untenanted.

Three small Tenements or Dwelling Houses behind the last-mentioned P'.emifes, in the several Occupations of James Warren, Elizabeth Haiti, Richard Bailey, George Dinfdill, John Harpon, and Richard Hutchinfctt.

In and on the South Side of Blackfriar Gate

A Dwelling House and Shop, in the Occupation of Ambrose Metcalfe.

A Dwelling House and Shop, in the Occupation of William Bijfifon.

A Dwelling House and Shop, in the Occupation of John Hodgson.

A Dwelling House and Shop, in the several Occupations of Walter Lockhart and Robert Porter.

A Shop Or Warehouse, in the Occupation of George Watson.

A Dwelling House and Shop, in the Occupation of Joseph Shiner.

A Dwelling House and Shop, in the Occupation of James Hatfield.

A Dwelling House and Shop, partly in Blackfriar Gate and partly in Queen Street, in the Occupation of Richard Parker.

In JQueen Street:

A Workdiop, Buildings, and Ground adjoining, in the Occupation of the said Richard Parker.

A Dwelling House and Bakehouse, in the Occupation of Ambrose FoXi A Dwelling House in the Occupation of Christopher Wadsworth.

A Dwelling House and Tenement, in the several Occupations of Roger Banks, Thomas Wray, and John Hardcastle.

In and on the North Side of Fore Ropery:

Six Small Tenements or Dwelling Houses, in the several Occupations of Elizabeth Waite, William Johnfcn, Edward Whitehouse, John Mills, Nelly Godfrey, John W3rd, William Dick, Cornelius Ripley, John Graham, John Sugden, and William Chapman.

A Dwelling House, in the Occupation of Elizabeth Linroth Widow.

Six small Tenements or Dwelling Houses, in the several Occupations of John Long, William Berridge, William Gumfton, Francis Reaft, John Bat-chelor. Widow Sugden, and Ann Lented.

A Dwelling House, in the several Occupations of Robert Watson, Alexander Ramsey, and Thomas Ter.nott.

H83

In

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 65,

1184

In and on the South Side of Fere Ropery.

A Dwelling House, in the Occupation of Francis Carter and Elizabeth

Lewis. yf

A Dwelling House, partly in Fore Roperyand partly in Back Ropery,

or Humber Street, in the Occupation of Ralph Merton.

A Dwelling house, partly in Fore Ropery and partly in Back Ropery, or Humber Street, in the Occupation of Joint Baxter.

Two Dwelling Houses or Tenements, in the several Occupations of Duncan Ferguson and John Ferner.

In the Back Repay, or Humber Street:

A Dwelling House, in the several Occupations of John Graburn and John Davidson.

A Dwelling House and Shop, in the Occupation of John Ward.

LONDON: Primed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

s* w*

Cap. 66.

An Act for enlarging and improving the Market Place within the Town of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for widening and rendering more commodious the Streets and Avenues leading thereto; and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets and other publick Passages and Places within the said Town.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS the Town of Rothtram in the West Riding of the Preamble; County of York, is a populous and trading Town, and publick Markets have for Time immemorial been held there on certain Days in every Week, and a publick Fair twice in every Year

And whereas the present Market Place is inconvenient for the Purposes of the said Marker, and the Passage along the publick Streets is greatly obstructed and rendered inconvenient to PaHengers and Travellers by the Number of Stalls placed therein on Market Days, and great Nuisances are frequently committed by flauglitering Sheep and Cattle in the said publick Streets or in Places open thereto: And whereas it would be a very great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and others frequenting the said Markets, if the present Market Place was enlarged, and proper Shops, Sheds, Stalls, Slaughter Houses, and fLoc. & Per."1 13 Y ether

i igo

Company of Proprietors.

Proprietors

Meetings.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

other Buildings and Conveniences were erected, and the Streets and Avenues leading thereto widened and improved: And whereas the several Persons hereafter named ate willing and desirous to undertake the making and completing such Buildings and Improvements as aforesaid, upon the Trims and Conditions, and subject to the Regulations and Directions herein-tftjer mentioned: And whereas the f.-veral Streets and other publick Passages and Places within the said Town of Rotherham are hit lufficitntly.cieanled and lighted, and are subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and it would tend greatly to the Benefit and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and all Persons resorting to and passing through the fame, if the said Streets and Other publick Passages and Places were properly cleansed, lighted, and regulated, and all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances removed and prevented in future; but the several Purpol’es aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament , may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enadrd b" the Ring’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable Richard Earl of Effingham, the Right Honourable (Viliam Earl Ftzwilliam, Joshua (Valkcr Esquire, the acting Greave or Officer of the Feoffees of Rotherham for the Time being, Samuel Tooker Esquire, John Coupland, Richard Holden, Jojefb Flint, George Harvey, Jonathan Law-ton., Thomas Walker Esquire, Joseph ‘Turner, Thomas Car elley, Richard Stanley, William Pullin, William Wildsmith, Elizabeth Nightingale, William Ridgway, Jonathan Walker Esquire, Thomas Downes, John Hail Junior. William Beatfon, Thomas Hattcrjley, John Hirjl, Joseph Walker Esquire, Thomas Wright, Nathaniel Costns, William Mapplebeck, John Chapman, Samuel Walker Esquire, John Servile Foljambe Esquire, Anthony Firth, Joseph Johnson, John Foster, Mary Kay, John Smith, George Broadhead, Richard Wilson, John Earnjhaw, Thomas Parker, Isaac Mtlbown, Samuel Oliver, James Taylor, Thomas Shearman, and George Aldred, and h if several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, together with i’uch Person or Persons as shall ac any Time hcreaftei he pcfTeffed of One or more Share or Shares as hereafter mentioned, of the Money to be advanced for carrying this Act into Execution, shall be and are hereby united into a Company for the making and completing the proposed Buildings and Improvements, according to the Rules and Directions hereafter mentioned and expressed, and shall for that Purpose be a Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Rotherham Market Place, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued, and also shall and may have Power and Authority to purchase Lands and Tenements for the Purposes of this Act, as hereinafter mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That for the better carrying this Act into Execution, the said Company of Proprietors shall hold their First Metting at the Crown Inn in Rotherham aforesaid, on the Twenty-eighth Day next after the passing of this Act, and One General Meeting shall be held on the First Wednesday in May in every Year, at or before the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon, at some convenient Place within the said Town of Rotherham, at which laid First General Meeting, and ac every future General Annual Meeting, the Proprietors assembled shall choose Five

or

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

of more P-rlons, being respectively Proprietors of One or more Shares in the said Undertaking, to be a Committee to manage the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors in such Manner as is herein directed; but if at any Time it shall appear to any Five or more of such Proprietors, that for the more effectually putting this Act in Execution, an occasional General Meeting of Proprietors is necessary to be held, it shall be lawful for such Five or more of them, by Notice to be affixed on the Door of the Parish Church of Rotherham aforesaid, during the Time of Divine Service on a Sunday, at least One Week before such intended General Meeting, and all'o by such other Manner as the said Proprietors at any General Meeting shall direct, and also specifying in every such Notice the Reason for and Intention of such Meetings respectively; and the Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice, and proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given with respect to the Matters so specified only; and that at all such General Meetings (whether the same shall be annual or special) the Proprietors present shall have One Vote for each Share such Proprietors shall respectively possess, and the Majority of such Votes shall be binding upon the Remainder of the said Proprietors; and at every such Meeting a Chairman shall be chosen, who, in case of an Equality of Votes upon any Question (including the Chairman’s Vote or Votes) shall have a further or calling Vote.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors at their said First General Meeting, or at any future General Meeting, from Time to Time to nominate and appoint One fit and proper Person to be Clerk and Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors, with such Salary as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper, and the said Company of Proprietors shall and are hereby required to take such Security from every such Clerk and Treasur. r for the due and faithful Execution of his Office as they shall think necessary and proper; and which said Clerk and Treasurer shall from Time to Time enter all the Proceedings of the said Company of Proprietors and their Committee, and all Accounts of Monies received and expended on. Account of the said Undertaking, in Books to be provided for that Purposes and shall also from Time to Time receive and collect from the said Company of Proprietors the several Calls of their Subscriptions to the said Undertaking, which shall be made by the said Committee or any General Meeting, and keep a just Account thereof, subject to the Controul of the said Committee; and that at every such General Annual Meeting, all the Accounts of the said Clerk and Treasurer with the said Company of Proprietors shall be settled and adjusted.

IV. Provided always, That such Committee and Clerk and Treasurer shall be from Time to Time subject to the Examination and Controul of the said Annual or Special General Meetings of the said Company of Proprietors, and shall pay due Obedience to all such Orders and Directions in and about the Premises as they shall from Time to Time receive from the said Company of Proprietors at any such General Meetings, such Orders and Directions not being contrary to any express Directions or Provisions in this Act contained.

V. And, to the End that the said Company of Proprietors may be enabled to carry on the said Undertaking, be it further enacted, That it

shall

II9I

A Committee to be chosen.

Occasional

General

Meetings.

Chairman to be appointed.

A Clerk and Treasurer to be appointed.

Committee and clerk to be under the Controul of the General Meetings.

Money to be raised by voluntary Subluipiionsj

ng2

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, to raile and contribute amongst themselves, by voluntary Subscriptions and Contributions, the Sum of hour thouUnd one hundred and fifty Pounds, and the Money lo raised and contributed Ihsil to be divided be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds each; and the Money so to be jo/,eache* ra'fec* shall be applied, in the First Place, in defraying such p oportLnable Part of the Charges and F.xpences of obtaining and polling this Act, as the Commissioners first herein-after nominated and appoimed shall order and direct, and the Remainder thereof in the Purchase of tlvr necessary Lands, Mefluagct, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for enlarging the said Market Place, and widening and improving the Streets and Avenues leading thereto, and erecting proper Shops, Sheds, Stalls, Slaughter Houses, and other Buildings and Conveniences as aforesaid, and in defraying all other necessary Charges and Expences concerning the lame, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

No one to act

VI. Provided always, That no Person who shall not be possessed of whoitnot'po^ One whole Share shall be capable of acting or voting as a Proprietor for sessed of one any of the Purposes of this Act.

whole Shire.

share* to be

VII. And be it further enacted, That all such Shares, or any Part or toiiJ Eatate" f>arts thereof, shall be and are hereby vested in the several SubLriders ami Contributory thereto, and their several and respective Executor , Admtmf-trators, and Assigns, and shall be deemed to be Personal Etlate, and not in the Nature of Real Property.

Power to raise

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the several Sums of Mo-ifneceiflrj^by neY subscribed by the said Company of Proprietors shall be insufficienr inr Mortgage. ’ completing the said proposed Undertaking and Improvements, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to raise, by the Adnrussion of new Proprietors or Subscribers, or to borrow and take up at interest, upon the Credit of the said Undertaking, such Sum and Sums of Monty as may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act -, and for securing the Re-payment thereof with Interest, to mortgage, dtmile, or assign the said proposed new Buildings, Land, or Ground, or the Rents and Profits thereof, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to advance the fame; but no Money shall be borrowed by virtue of this Act, or so raised by the Admis. fion of new Proprietors cr Subscribers, after the said First Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, unless Twenty-one Days Notice of the Meeting for the borrowing or railing of such Money shall be given as herein-before directed.

nottofcS*

IX. Provided always, That no Person to whom any such Mortgage,

deemed a Demise, or Assignment shall be made 4s aforesaid, shall be deemed a Pro*

Propiietur. prietor of any Share, or shall be capable of acting or voting as such, on account of having advanced any Money on the Credit of the said Undertaking.

Calls to be matle, and how to be recovered.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Committee shall from Time to Time make such Calls for Money so subscribed for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, as they shall think proper, not exceeding Ten Pounds per Cwtum at any One Time, giving to each Subscriber Twenty one Days Notice in Writing of each such Call; and if any Person shall neglect or refuse to pay his or her rateable Part or Share of the said 1 Monies

H93

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

Monies subscribed, required to be paid by any such Calls within the Time required by such Notice, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sue for and recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe; and that in case any such Person shall neglect or refuse to pay his or her rateable Part or Share of the Monies so called for as aforesaid, within the Space of Three Calendar Months after the Expiration of the Time appointed as aforesaid, and the same shall not have been filed for or recovered, then and in such Case the Share or Shares of such Person so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, shall become forfeited, and shall be divided amongst the Remainder of the said Company of Proprietors, together with all Benefit and Advantage thereof, in Proportion to their respective Interests and Shares in the said Undertaking.

XI. Provided always, That no Member of the said Committee, though Commitueto he may be a Proprietor of several Shares, shall have more than One

Vote in the said Committee, except the Chairman of such Committee, who in case of an equal Division or Number of Votes upon any Question,

shall have a further or calling Vote.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to pur-Company of Proprietors, by themselves or their Agents, to treat, contract^ c;,:irePremif«-and agree with the Owners of or Persons entitled to the several Freehold

Pieces or Parcels of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, Shops, and Hereditaments fuuated near to the present Market Place and Shambles, and lying betwixt the open Space where the Building called The Butter Market (lands, and the Street where the present Shambles are, called Church Streetj now or late belonging to Messieurs Jackson and' Hatterjley, George Harvey,

John Scholey, Samuel Buck Esquire, the Earl of E^ingham, George Kirk, the Heirs or Devisees of John Nightingale, Widow Robinson, Jonathan Law-ton, Martha Flather, William PuUin, Thomas Bingley, and Mary Kay; and also a Messuage or Tenement with its Appurtenances, now or late belonging to or in the Occupation of George Broadbead, commonly called lie Nag’s Head; also the several Tenements, Buildings,.Shops, Outhouses, and Premises lying on the South Side of the Space now called The Shambles, and Part whereof extends through to the Ealt End of the Srreet called West-gate, and to Domine Well Lane, now or late belonging to the said William Pulin, tire Heirs or Devisees of the said John Nightingale, William Condcll,

Rotherham Churchwardens, the said Jackson and Hatterjley, the said Earl of Effingham, :hc Feoffees of Rotherham, George Harvty, and /Inthony Firth; and also the Ma-ket House or Building called The Butter Market, fituared in the open Space behind the present Shambles , and also the several Messuages and Tenements, Shops, Hereditaments, and Premises lying on the North Side of the said Space called The Shambles, now or late belonging to Mi. ‘John Coupland and Thomas Bingley; and also all those Messuages>

Tenements, Lands, and Buildings lying Westwards of the said Butter Marker, and extending to the River Bun, formerly Part of a Place calledSttW-low Orchard, and now or late belonging to the Devisees or Heirs of Phipps, drerafed, with all the Appurtenances to the said several Premises respectively belonging, or by whatsover other Names or Descriptions the fame or the Owners thereof, or of any Part thereof, ought to be respectively described, for the absolute Purchase thereof, or of such Part thereof as shall be necessary for perfecting the said Undertaking; which said Premiks [Z.yc. £s* Per.J 13 Z when

H94

Persons under legal Dilahili-ties empowered to treat.

Commission-en Names.

New Commissioners how to be appointed.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

when pilrchafed shall be respectively conveyed to and vetted in the said Company of Proprietors in Fee Simple as herein-after directed, and such Part or Parts of the publick Streets adjoining to the said Premises so to be purchased as shall be necessary for perfecting the said proposed Improve* ments, shall allbbe and remain vetted in the said Gurttpany of Proprietors for the Purposes of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees of Lunaticks or Idiots, Executors, Administrarers, and all other Trustees not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cel'tuique Trusts, Infants* Lunatics, Femes Covert, and for all other Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, or possessed of or have any Estate, Right, Title, or fnterest in any Ground, Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments which shall or may be necessary to be made use of or taken down for tht Purposes of this Act, to treat, concrad, and agree with the said Companjr of Proprietors, or their Agent or Committee, for the absolute Sale thereof, and to convey and assure the lame according to the Directions of this Act; and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall without any Fine or Fines, Common Recovery or Recoveries, be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law or Statute to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas Differences may arise between the said Company of Proprietors and the several Owners of and Persons interested in the Ground, Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments to be purchased fof the Purpose of this Act; be it therefore enacted, That the Reverend Jam's Wilkinson, Robert Alhorpe Athorpe El'quire, the Reverend Philip Howard, Hugh Parker Esquire, the Reverend Christopher Aid erf on, the Reverend fames Lowe, William Parkin Bofville, John Knight, Gamaliel Milner, Charles Newton, George Bustard Greaves, Francis Edmunds, and George Lempritre, El'quires, John Brown and Benjamin Wainwright Doctors of Physic, the Reverend John Carver, the Reverend Thomas Dundas, the Reverend Creed Turner, and the Reverend Thomas Bayliffe, shall be and are hereby conltb tuted and appointed Commissioners for the fettting, determining, and ad* jutting all such Questions, Matters, and Differences as shall conic before them relating to the Execution of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That as often as the Commissioners appointed by this Act as aforesaid, or to be elected as herein-after mentioned, shall, by Death or Refusal to act, be reduced to the Number of Five, it shall be lawful for the surviving Commissioners (or in case of the Decease of all the said Commissioners, for the Vicar of Sheffield and the Vicar of Rotherham aforesaid, and the Vicar of Ecdesfield, in Me said County of York, for the Time being, or any Two of them) by Writing under their Hands, to appoint such other fit Persons as they shall think properto be Commissioners in the Place and Stead of the Commissioners dying or refusing to act as aforesaid; and every such new Commissioner shall have the fame Powers and Authorities as the Commissioner in whole P>ace he shall be appointed was vetted with by virtue of this Act.

4td GEORGII llh Cap. 66,

XVI. Provided always, and be it further emfted, That no PAfon shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner for the Purposes herein-before Ipeftfied, unless at the Time of his acting he shall be in his own Right, Or in the Right of his Wifei in the actual Possdfio'n or Receipt of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament* fituared within the Upper Division of Strafforth and fcckbill, in the said West Riding of the County of York, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or pof-> leffed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of Two thousand Pounds over and above all his Debts; and in case any Person not so qualified shall presume to act as a Commissioner for the Purposes aforesaid^ or ih case any Person Who (hill at the Time of idling he interested or concerned in any Matter in question, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the determining of such Matter, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall lue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at kVeftmtifter. by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, Bill, Suit, or Information; and every such Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pjy the said Penalty upon Proof given of his having acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That upon any Application to be made to the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, by the said Company of Proprietors, their Committee or Clerk, or the Owner or Occupier of any Land, Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments intended to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, or by any other Person or Persons interested in any Matter to be determined by the said Commissioners, requesting them to appoint a General Meeting, the Commissioners so applied to, or any Three or more of them (although not afisembled at a Meeting in pursuance of this Act) shall and they are hereby authorized and required, within Five Days after such Application, to give Notice in such Manner as they shall think proper, appointing a General Meeting to be held at some convenient Place within the Town of Rotbtr~ ham aforesaid, at such Tm e as shall be sperified in such Notice, not beifig less than Fourteen Days from the Day on which such Notice shall be given as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to assemble at the Time and Place so to be appointed, in order to put the Powers and Authorities hereby given to and vested in them in Execution, and may adjourn themselves to such Time and Plate as the Majority of the Commissioners then present shall think proper , but if there shall not be Three Commissioners present at such Meeting, then any One Commissioner who shall be present may, by Notice co be given In Manner aforesaid, appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to be held, on that Day Fortnight next after the Day of such Meeting.

XVIII. Provided always, That such of the Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, who are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the West Hiding of the County of York for the Time being, shall and may, and are hereby empowered to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Commissionerj.

1195

QqtI Wcatlon of*Commissionen.

Commissioners to meet when called upon.

Comraiffioner* may ait as Justices.

1196

tn case of Difference bout the Price, how to be settled.

If the Seller shall refuse to arbitrate.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons seised, interested in, or possesstd of any Estate, Right, Title, or Incertft in any Ground, Messuages, Tenements, Buildings or other Hereditaments which shall or may be necessary to be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, shall for the Space of One Calendar Month after Notice inWriting given to or left at the Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer of any such Body Politick or Corporate, or at the respective House or Houses of the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of the Premises to be used or taken as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, contract, or agree, or by reason of Absence or otherwise be prevented from treating, contrafting, or agreeing for the Sale and Conveyance thereof; or in case any Difference shall arise between the said Company of Proprietors, their Committee or Agent, and the Person or Persons possessed of or interested in any of the Premises so to be purchased respecting the Sum of Money to be paid for the Purchase thereof; or if the Person or Persons so interested shall for the Space aforesaid neglect or refuse to submit the Value of the respective Premises so to be purchased, to the Arbitration of One or more indifferent Persons to be chosen by the Parties in Treaty; or if after the same shall have been submitted to such Reference, the Arbitrator or Arbitrators shall refuse or neglect to make an Award within Seven Days after the Matter shall have been submitted; or in case such Award shall be made and delivered, if eicher of the Parties so in Treaty shall refuse or neglect to obey such Award or if the Party so interested shall not produce and make out a clear Title to the Premises, or to his or their Estate or Interest therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Company of Proprietors, their Committee or Agent, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners herein-before appointed, and they are hereby required, upon the Application in Writing of the said Cumpany of Proprietors, their Committee or Agent, to issue a Warrant under their Hands, or the Hands of any Three or more of them, to the Sheriff of the said County of York, thereby commanding and requiring him to impannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four Persons qualified to serve on Juries at the Affixes or Quarter Sessions, to appear before the said Commissioners at fcch Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, and the said Sheriff or his Deputy is hertby required to impannel, summon, and return such Jury accordingly, and out of the Number of Jurymen so impannelled, summoned, and returned, and appearing at the Time and Place aforesaid, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required todraw by Ballot, and to swear or caul'e to be sworn Twelve Men to be the Jury for ascertaining the Value of the said Premises, and in Default of a sufficient Number of the Jurymen so returned appearing, the Sheriffor his Deputy shall return other honed: and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can speedily be procured, to attend that Service and be sworn as aforesaid, to make up the said Jury to the said Number of Twelve \ and all Parties concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or max of them, are hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to (um-mon and call before them the said Jury, and examine upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required toad-minister) any Person or Persons, as well Parties concerned as others, who

*97

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

shall be ihought necrffiry or proper 10 be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises or Marers in question, and they shall also order and cause the said Jury to view the Place or Pljces in question (if there shall beOccafon'l, and shall and tray use all such other lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as the said Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as they shall think fit; and the said Jury, after Jury e> such Information as aforesaid, shall afiefs and find the Value of the said hc 4 uc’ Ground, Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, and other Hereditaments, and the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to the Owner or Owners thereof, or Person or Persons intcrefled therein respectively, according to their respective Estate and Interest, and shall give in their Verdict there-upon to the said Commissioners herein appointed for that Purposr; and upon such Verdict being so delivered, the said Commissioners shall give Judgement for the Sum or Sums of Money so to be afTcffid by such Jury to be paid to the Owners and other Persons interfiled in such Ground,

Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments, according to the Verdict of such Jury; which said Verdict and Judgement so to be had and Ver.tict shall made shall be binding and condusive upon all Parties, and shall be fairly nro)Ied-written on Parchment and signed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or mo'e of them, and shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York, and shall be inrolhd and kepe amongst the Records of the Quarter Sessions for the said West Riding, and the lame or true Copies thereof shall be deemed and token to be good and legal Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equity; and all Persons shall and may have Pvecourse to and inspect the fame without Fee ur Reward, and may take Copies (hereof or Extracts therefrom, paying for the same the ofual Fees payable fur Copies of Records of the said Quarter Sessions: And it shall be lawful fur the said Commissioners, or Commis-any Three or more of them from Time to Time to inipole any reasonable "‘v Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or his Deputy making Default in the Pre- riffj miles, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or who shall relufe to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so fwoin fit all refuse to give or shall not join in giving their Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and also on any Person or Persons who being summoned to give Evidence as aforesaid, touching the Premises, shall refuse or negicdt to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or to give Evidence, not shewing a sufficicnc Cause for such Refusal or Neglect, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, so that no such Fine to be imposed on any such Sheriff or his Deputy shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, or on any such Juryman or Witness the Sum of Five Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall give in How the Ex-or deliver a Verdict for more Money as the Value of the Premises to be by Jj]}Commit them afielTcd as aforesaid, than shall appear to the said Commissioners to sioners to be have been offered by or on the Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors bor"e-for the Purchase thereof, before the summoning and returning such Jury, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and of the said Commissioners, touching the Premises, shall be borne and paid by the said Company of Propticcors out of the Money to be subscribed by them for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid; but if such Verdict shall be given for no more or for less Money than [Loc. & Per.] 14 A shall

1198 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

shall so appear to have been offered as aforesaid, then such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Party or Parties to whom such Offer shall have been made, and who shall have refilled or neglected to accept thereof.

tJpon Pay-iTv.nt of the Money, P rent ifes to be conveyed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money to be agreed upon, awarded or adjudged for the Purchase of any Ground, Messuages, Tenements, or other Hereditaments as aforesaid, the Person or Persons to or for whom the same shall be paid, shall, and is or are hereby required to make and execute, or cause or procure to be made and executed, by all proper Parties, good, valid, and sufficienc Conveyances, Assignments, and Assurances in the Law, of such Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and other Hereditaments to the said Company of Proprietors to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act.

jhonbtfui

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any tVe purchase ^cf^on or Eerlons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be agreed Monies shall upon, awarded, or adjudged as aforesaid, shall refuse, neglect, or omit be paid. to make and execute, or cause or procure to be made and executed, such good, valid, and sufficient Conveyances, Assignments, and Assurances as aforesaid, being the reunto required by the said Company of Proprietors, their Committee or Agent, such Sum and Sums of Money being first tendered to be paid to him, her, or them; or in case any Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so agreed upon, awarded, or adjudged, shall not be able to evince his, her, or their Title to the Premises in question, or cannot be found, or by reason of any DiC-pures depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Defect of Evidence or otherwise it shall noc appear to the said Company of Proprietors who is or are entitled to the said Premises, that then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to order and direct the Sum or Sums of Money so agreed upon, awarded, or adjudged as aforesaid, as the Value of and Purchase Money for the Premises in question, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Persons interested in the said Ground, Messuages, Tenements, or other Hereditaments (describing the m) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of

Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order Distribution thereof according to the rel'peftive Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereto, and to make such other Order in the Premises with respect to Costs or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable 5 and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums, is and hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Persons as shall pay such Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforesaid, and such Receipt or Receipts shall be filed and certified in like Manner as is usual inPayments made into the Bank in the Name of the Accountant General, under Orders of the Court of Chancery; and immediately upon such Payment as

aforesaid.

1199

41° GEORGII in Cap: 66.

aforesaid, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Pofltflion,

Poperty, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of all and every the Person or Persons for whose Use such Money was paid in to, or out of the said Premises, in respect whereof such Money shall be paid, shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors (for the Purposes of this Act) as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as it all and every the Person and Persons having any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, Right of Dower, or otherwise in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, had actually conveyed the fame by any proper and legal Conveyance,

Fine, or otherwise.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- Money'wh'er* chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Pur- exceeding poses thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, In- *00/-fant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Stun of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for executing this Act herein-before mentioned, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Parr thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid afftCling the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like DireCfion and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intent', and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

I 200

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

Aoniication

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Mo-Colnw-nfiiion n?y agreei' or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Here-doci not cx- ditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid and be-fe5tha°-o/>r lon8lnC to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Dilabiltty or Incapacity at aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such C ifes the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signihed in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trusters to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Mo-whtrethe ney so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be

hr?0" S less than Twensy Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Ulc of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to anJ for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Tenants to quit the re* fpc-tive Pre-mires on No tice.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons in Possession of any Ground, Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which by Authority of this Aift shall or may be made use of for any of the Purposes aforesaid, who shall have no greater or better Estate in the Premises than a3 Tenants at Will or Lessees for a Year, or from Year to Year, or for a Term of Years at a Rack Rent, shall, at the End of Three Calendar Months after Notice in Writing for that Purpose shall have been given to any of them respectively, or left at any of their respective Places of Abode, or at the Premises which such Notice shall concern; and all other Persons in Possession of any such Ground, Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments, who shall have any greater or better Estate in the Premises than as Tenants at Will, or Lessees for a Year, or from Year to Year, or for a Term of Years at Rack Rent, or who by reason of any Erections or lalting Irpp'ovements made, shall have any equitable Claim or Interest in the fame Premises, shall also, at the End of Three Calendar Months after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, and upon Payment or Tender of such Recompence or Satisfaction for their Term, Estate, or Interest in the said Premises as shall be agreed upon and awarded or adjudged as aforesaid, quit and

1201

41° GEORGII lit Cap. 66.

and relinquish the Ground, Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments so in their respective Possessions, together with all such Fixtures as shall be deemed the Property of the Landlord or Landlords; and that all Leases, Demifer, Contrafts, or Agreements under or by virtue whereof any such Tenants or Lessees shall hold the said Premises, shall from the End of the said Three Calendar Months be absolutely void and of none Effect; and rf any such Tenant or Ltffee as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to drliver up the Premises in his or her Possession as aforesaid, it shall be Lwful for the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, to issue their Precept or Warrant to the Sheriff of the County of York, or his Deputy, to uke and deliver such Possession to the Person or Persons to be named in such Precept or Warrant, and the said Sheriff or his Deputy is hereby requltd to take and deliver, or cause to be taken and delivered such Possession accordingly, and to levy such Cods as shall accrue from the issuing and executing of such Precept or Warrant on the Person so refusing to deliver such Possession, by Distress and Sale of his or her Goods and Chattels, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the necessary Purchases for the Purposes of this Act are made and completed, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to cause all the Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, and Erections so to be purchased as aforesaid, or such Part thereof as shall be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, to be puffed down, and to cause the Materials thereof to be sold or disposed of as they shall think proper, and to cause such Streets or Communications leading into the said intended Market Place, to be opened and made of such Width and Dimensions, and with such convenient Footways Or flagged Ways on each Side thereof, as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper and necessary which said Streets and Footways or flagged Ways shall be first made and formed by and at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, and shall for ever after remain Ibbjeft to the Right of passing and recalling thereon for the publick Use, and shall be maintained and kept in Repair in like Manner as the Other publick Streets of the said Town of Rotherham are by Law to be maintained and kept in Repair.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said several Streets shall be made and opened as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to erect and build, or cause to beereftedand built, such proper and convenient Butchers Shops, Sheds, Shambles, Stalls, Standings, and other Shops, Buildings, and Conveniences, as the said Company of Proprietors shall judge to be fuirable or proper for the Use and Convenience of the several Persons attending the said Market.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the setting out and completing the said intended Market Place, all Markets to be heiu within the said Town of Rotherham (except the Markets for Hot lbs, Sheep, Beads, and other Cattle, and except the Two Fairs holder, there annually) shall on the usual and accustomed Days throughout the Year be holden within the Limits of the said new Market Place; and all Corn, Grain, Butchrrs Meat, F>(h, Poultry, Butter, Eggs, Cheese, Vegetables, and

[Loc. £s? Per.] 14 B other

Building*, to be pulled down and Street* let out*

NewB 'tiding* to be el ected.

M;.*rk*t$ to be held there.

1 202

Not to hinder Persons from felling in their Houses or Shops*

Not to afie5t the Rights of the Earl of

Effingham.

Prop, ieters to make Re-p Illations in the Markets.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

other marketable Commodities, Matters, and Things, usually exposed to Sale in the Market Place or Streets of the said Town, shall be exposed to Sale and fold within the Limits of such new Markec Place only, and not elicwhere.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent or hinder any Person from felling or exposing to Sale any marketable Commodities, Matters, or Things whatsoever (except Butchers Meat or Shambles Meat) in his'or herown private Dwelling House, or in his or her own Shop, Part of such Dwelling House, in any Part of the said Town of Rotherham, nor to subject, charge, or make liable any Person whomsoever felling or exposing to Sale in the said new Market Place any Butter, Eggs, or Poultry, in any Hand b ifket or Baskets, to any Exaction or Toll for or in respect of or under the I iea of Pickage or Stallage; nor to subject, charge, or make liable any Curn or Grain exposed to Sale in the said new Market Place, to any Toll or Demand, other than what hath been hitherto paid or demanded, or ol Right wag due and payable within the Markets of the said Town, before the p fling of this Act.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to or affect the Markets within the said Town for the Sale of Horses, Sheep, Beasts, or other Cattle, but that the same shall be held in the usual Places in the said Town, ami the Rents, Tolls, Produce, and Profits thereof shall be received and taken by such Persons, and for such Purposes as the fame ought to have been held, received, or taken before the passing of this Act; nor shall this Act or any Thing herein contained extend to afTft, impeach, or prejudice the Right or Title of the Right Honourable Richard Earl of Effingham, his Heirs or Assigns, Lessee or Lessees, to any Rents, Tolls, Dues, Produce, or Profits of the Markets or Fairs of the said Town of Rotherham, but that the same shall be as completely reserved and excepted as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-standing.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, from Time to Time to direct and appoint what particular and respective Parts of the said new Market Place shall be occupied and made use of fur exposing to Sale any Commodities, Matters, and Things therein; and also from Time to Time to make such Orders and Regulations as the said Company of Pro-prictors, or their Committee, shall think proper and necessary for the better regulating the said Markets, and for fixing and ascertaining the Time or Times at which all or any Goods, Wares, or Commodities shall respectively begin to be offered or exposed to Sale therein, and how long the same shall continue exposed to Sale; and also the Time or Times when any moveable Shed, Stall, Standing, or Bench allowed to be used or set up in the said Market Place, shall be taken down and removed from the said Market Place, or dtpolite’’ or laid by therein; which Orders and Regulations shall be from Time to Time printed in legible Characters, and affixed upon some conspicuous Parc or Parts of the said

Maikec

1203

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

Market Place, during such Markets respectivrly, for Three succesljve Market Days before such Orders and Regulations shall be deemed to be in Force; and the said Company ot Proprietors shall cause the Time or Times of beginning and concluding every Market to be announced by the Ringing of a Bell, or otherwise, as they shall think proper.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall expose to Sale or vend any Goods, Wares, Commodities, Matters, or Things contrary to the Directions and true Meaning of this Act, or shall offend against and disobey any Orders or Regulations hereby authorized to be made and published as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings, to be recovered as herein-after directed, and to be applied, One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of Rotherham aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to erect and build, or cause to be erected and built, in some convenient Situaiion upon Part of the Premises herein-before authorized to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, such proper and necessary Slaughter Houses, and other Buildings and Conveniences thereto, of such Dimensions and in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee shall think proper.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Slaughter Houses and other Buildings and Conveniem.es thcieio shall be completed, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to kill or (laughter, or cause to be killed or slaughtered, any Beast, Swine, Calf, Sheep, or other Cattle in any Street, Court, Way, or publick P.tflage within the said Town of Rotherham, or in any Place which shall be open or exposed to any Street, Court, Way, or publick Passage there, or suffer or permit the Blood thereof to run down into any such Street, Court, Way, or publick Passage; nor shall any Person or Persons cause to be singed, fealded, dressed, cut up, hung up, or exposed to Sale any Butchers Meat or Shambles Meat, or any Part of the Flesh of any Beast, Swine, Calf, Sheep, or other Cattle, in, upon, or over any of the Streets, Roads, Courts, Ways, or publick Passages within the said Town of Rotherham, upon Pain of every Person so offending forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be recovered as herein-after directed, and to be applied. One Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of Rotherham aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Rents, Dues, Profits, and Produce of the said Shops, Stalls, Slaughter Houses, and Buildings, and every Part thereof respectively, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Company of Proprietors, and they shall stand and be fcil'ed and possessed thereof, to, for, and upon the several Uses, Ends, Intents, and Purposes herein-after mentioned and expressed; (that is to say) in the First Place, to pay and discharge all Rates, Taxes, or Assess-mcnis to be laid or imposed on the said Shops, Stalls, Slaughter Houses,

and

Penalty on fellinw contrary to this Act.

Slaughter Houses to be built.

No Cattle, etc. to be (laugh* tered in ths Streets.*

Application of the Rents and Profits.

1204

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

and Buildings, and every Part thereof, and the Expences of collecting the Rems and Profits of the fame, with the Salary of their Clerk and Treasurer; and in the next Place to discharge the Interest of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be borrowed by any Mortgage or More-gages of the said Shops, Stalls, Slaughter Houses, and Buildings, and in discharging the Expences of keeping the lame in good Repair-, and afterwards to the Payment of lawful Interest for the several Shares or Sums of Money subscribed by the said Company of Proprietors, towards the Purposes of this Act, and the Overplus shall go and be applied towards discharging and paying oft the Principal of all Monies borrowed on such Mortgage or Mortgages as afure-said.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any

Dividends Time hereafter the Rents, Dues, Profits, and Produce of the said Shops,

l.mntd. Stalls, Slaughter Houses, and Buildings, shall (after paying the Charges

and Interest above specified) be found sufficient to pay and discharge all Principal Monies so borrowed on such Mortgage or Mortgages’ the cot as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Rents, Dues, Profits, and P>o> duce, shall be divided amongst the said Company of Proprietors in Proportion to their respective Shares or Subscriptions: Provided always, That if such Dividends of the said Rents and Profits shall at any Time

exceed the Rate of Seven Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the

Principal Sums subscribed by the said Company of Proprietors, for the Purposes of this Act, then and in such Case the said Rents, D res. Profits, and Produce shall be lowered in such a Proportion as will reduce the said Dividends to the said Rate of Seven Pounds per Centum per Annum.

Commisslon-

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Peffons who for the fn* ,0ii ‘hSn'( Time being shall occupy Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditament-in the arSiinprov.5’ said Town of Rotherbam, to the Amount of Twenty Pounds per Annum, ing the Town. ant] ajf0 a|] Perl'ons who shall be respectively Owners of or entitled to any Freehold Property within the Township of Rotforbam aforesaid, of the clear Yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purposes of cleansing, lighting, and re-guCling the Streets and ether publick Passages and Places within the said Town, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, as herein-after directed , and if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Commissioner for any of the Purposes aforesaid, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall lue for the fame, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at ffeJlminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe-, and every Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, as aforesaid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said last-mentioned Com-ruissioners shall meet at such Times and Places as any Three or more of them shall appoint, by Notice to be signed by them or by their Clerk, and

affixed

Meetings of Commit lionert for cleansing, lighting, etc.

1205

'41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

affixed on the Church Door of the P.ii\fli Church of Rotherham aforesaid, at leall Seven Days before Rich Meeting, in order to put this Act in Execution, and shall and may then, and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themselves, or appoint other Meetings to be held at any Place within the said Town of Roiherham, giving such Notice as afore-fairl; and if at any Time there shall not appear at any such Meeting, a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners to act in the Execution of the Powers hereby given, any One of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, may adjourn the Meeting to another Day, and that at every Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held in purl’uance of this Act, the Commissioners present, or the major Part of them, shall appoint a Chairman of such Meeting; and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested in the said Commissioners, shall and may, from lime to Time be exercised, done, and performed by a Majority of the Commissioners present at any such Meeting; and in case ot an equal Number of Votes upon any Question, including that of the Chairman, the Chairman shall have the calling Vote; and that no Act of the said Commissioners (except that of Adjournment or calling a Meeting as aforesaid) shall be valid, unlel's made or done at some publick Meeting held by virtue of this Act, except in such Cales as are herein particularly mentioned and provided for.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said last-menfioned Commissioners shall and may, at their First or any subsequent Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, nominate and appoint a Clrik and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, and shall and may, from Time to Time, remove any such Clerk, and Treal'urtr, as they shall see Occasion, and appoint another in the Room of such as shall be so removed, or who shall die; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to take such Security from every such Treasurer to be appoinied as aforesaid, for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, and to be placed to their Account, to pay or allow to such Clerk or Treasurer such Salary or Allowance for his Trouble in the Execution of this Act, as the said Commissioners shall thu.k reasonable and proper, and also to pay and defray or reimburse themselves all such reasonable Expences which they shall be ar; or put unto, in executing the Powers hereby vested in them; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Accounts, Acts, Orders, ah Account! and Proceedings of the said last-mentioned Commissioners, or any of £eP*in them, in the Execution of this Act, shall be entered in a Book to be J kept for that Purpose, and signed by the Commissioners making the same at their respective Meetings, and that no Act, Order, or Proceeding of the said Commissioners shall be valid until the same shall have been Co entered and signed; and all Personff interested, shall at any fcalonable Time Or TinVes, be at Liberty to inspect or take Copies or Extracts therefrom without Fee or Reward; and that no Act, Order, or Proceeding, so made and ligned as aforesaid, shall be afterwards altered, revoked, or set aside by any subsequent Order or Proceeding of the said CommissionerSj unless the Number of Commissioners so altering, revoking, or setting [Lee. & Per.] 14 C ' aside

To appoint a C!e»k and Treasurer*

1206 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

aside the fame, shall exceed the Number by whom such Ail, Order, or Proceeding shall have been made.

Lamps to be

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said fixed up. lad mentioned Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, to cause such Lamp Irons or Lamp Posts to be put or affixed upon or against the Walls or Sides of any of the Houses, or to be pi ced down in such Parts of the said Streets, by the Sides thereof, or in such other Manner within the said Streets or other publick Passages and Places as they shall think proper; and also to cause such Number of Lamps of such Sizes and Sorts to be provided and affixed, or put upon such Lamp Irons and Lamp Posts a^ they shall think necessary for lighting all or any br"akm°n the said Streets and other publick Passages and Places; and if any

them. Person shall wilfully break, throw down, take away, or damage any of the said Lamps, or of the Iron or Wood Work, or other Furniture thereof, or wilfully extinguish the Light of any such Lamp, every Person 9fo offending, shall, for e^ery such Offence, forieit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor leis than Ten Shillings, to be recovered and applied as herein-after directed, and such Offender shall also pay to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, such Sum of Money as shall be a full Satisfaction for the Damage so done; and in case any Pcism shall carrleisly, negligently, or accidentally bre.ik, throw down, or damage any of the said Lamps, or the Iron or Wood Work, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto, such Person shall forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners a Sum of Money equal to the Damage so done, not exceeding Twenty Shillings for each Lamp or Furniture thereof.

CommitCon.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said last-mentioned Com-trafTwithpro- m|fti°,lrrs shall and m«y, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, per Persons. from Time to Time, at any of their said Meetings, as Occasion shall require, to contract and agree with any fit Person or Persons as Scavenger* and Lamplighters, or for supplying any of the Materials for any Thing necessary to be done by the said Commissioners, which Contrail or Contrails shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the lame, and the Time or Times when the fame Works shall be completed, and ihe Penalties to be suffered in calc of Non-performance thereof, and shall be signed by Five or more of the find Cotnmil-sioners, and also by the Person or Persons contrasting to perform such Works respectively, and shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioner*.

Prosefling

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Signs, Sign Posts, Gut-£^"iac*dciofe tfr,> Screens, and Close Fences, which now are or at any Time hereafter t07heaH.uf« shall be placed against any of the Houses or other Buildings now erefled or erecting, or hereafter to be erefled or built within the several Streets and other publick Paffsges and Places aforesaid, shall be fixed close to the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, and Buildings to which they shall respectively belong, anti not otherwise; and that the respective Occupiers of any such Houses or other Buildings as aforesaid, shall, at their own Charges, within such Time and in such Manner as the said last

1207

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

Jaftimentioned Commissioners shall from Time to Time (by Notice in Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them, to be delivered to such relpefiive Occupiers, or left at their respective Dwelling Houses) order and direct, cause all Signs which m ly belong to, and shall not be fixed or placed upon such respective Houses or other Buildings in Manner aforesaid, to be taken down, and fixed or placed flit on the Fronts thereof, and all Sign Irons, Sfon Pods, and other Pods, Penthouses, Screens, Close Fences, Spouts, Steps, Shop Windows, and Cellar Windows, and other Encroachments, Obfttuclions, or Annoyances (landing or prosecting upon or over any of the Streets or publick Footways (except ancient Bow Windows) to be removed, altered, or reformed, and also to cause the Water to be conveyed from the Roofs, Cornices, and Penthouses which belong to such respective Houses or other Buildings by proper and sufficient Pipes or Trunks to be affixed to the Sides of such Houses and other Buildings respectively, and from thence by prqper Drains into the Common Drains or Sewers; and in case any such Occupier shall neglect or refuse so to do, it shall be lawful for the said Com-nuflioners to cause the same to be done; and if such Occupier shall refuse to pay the Costs and Charges attending the fame, the said Commissioners shall cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by D.llrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said West Riding of the County of York, rendering the Overplus (if any) when demanded, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold; and if the Tenant in Possession of any such Hause or other Building shall remove, alter, or reform any such Encroachments, Obstructions, Prosections, or Annoyances as aforesaid, according to the Directions of the said Commissioners, (except such as shall be put up or occafi med by such Tenant) it shall be lawful for every such Tenant to deduct and retain the Charges and Expences thereof out of his or her Rent.

XLV. Provided alwtys. That nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize the said Commissioners to (lop up any Cellar Window or Door, where there shall be no other Way from the Street or other publick Passage or Place into such Cellar, unless the said Commissioners shall nuke or provide fume other commodious Way into such Cellar.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall run, drive, or place, or cause to be run, driven, or placed, any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, Truck, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, or any Carriage, whatsoever, upon or over any of the Foot-pavements within the said Town of Rotherham, or shall wilfully ride, drive, or lead any Horse or other Bead or Cattle along or upon any of the said Foot-pavements, or shall, within any Street or other publick Passage or Place within the said Town, hoop, cleanse, or feald any Cask, or hew or saw any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bind or make the Wheel of any Carriage, or (hoe, bleed, dress, or forty (except in case of Accident), or turn or d ive loose any Horse or other Bead, or set, place, or expose to Sale, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, either in the Footways or Carriageways belonging or to belong to any of the said Streets, or other publick Passages or Places, everjf Person so offending in any such Cases, shall, for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings; and also, that if any Person or Persons shall fist, fereen, or flake any Lime (except within such Hoard or Inclosure as hereafter is mentioned) in any such Street, or 9 other

Not to authorize the Com miiT>oners to block up Cel* lar Doors, etc. where there it nooiher Way.

Penalty for Annoyancet in Footpaths.

1208

Hoards may be let up.

Obstructions in the Streets.

S'rtett and Footwnys, how to be deanfed.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

other publick Passage or Place, he and they shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, to be rtcoveted and applied as heie-in-after mentioned.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That noihing herein-before contained shall hinder or prevent any Person from erecting or building any Hoard or other Thing by way of Inclosure, for the Purpose of making Mortar, or deputing Bricks or Stone, or making or working up any Lime, Sand, or other Materials for m iking, building, altering, or repairing any House, Wall, or other Building, within the Limits of this Act, or to subjccf him to any Penalty on Account thereof, but so nevertheless as that every such Person shall previously have and obtain a Licence for that Purpose, under the Hand of any J hree of the said last-mentioned Commissioners; which Licence such Commissioners are hereby required forthwith to grant, to any Person applying for the lame, and which Licence shall specify the Dimensions of every fuel) Hoard, and the Time it is to continue lor such Purposes aforesaid.

XL.VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage, shall be left to ftsnd or remain in any of the faici Sneers or publick Passages or Placer, with or without Horles, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the loading and unloading thereof, or if any Stage Coach, Post Chaise, or other Carriage let for Hire, shall be left to stand or remain in any such Street or publick Passage or Place, with or without Horses, for any longer Time than shall be reason.ib e or nereftary for taking up or letting down Paffrngers or their Baggage, (except for Repair in case of Accident) or if any Horse or other Ca tie shall be suffered to stand at the Door or House of any Person, so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any of the said Footways; or if any Timber, Bricks, Stones, Wood, Goods, or oihcr Things, shall be laid or placed and left to remain in any of the said Streets and other publick Passages and Places, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for removing or hoofing the fame; or if any Dung, Allies, Rubtnlh, Dust, Dirt, or other Nuisance or Annoyance, shall be thrown, cast, or laid in any of the said Streets or publick Passages or Places, and fulfered to remain for any longer Time than shall be necessary for removing the fame (except in case of Prod); then and in every such Case the Owner or Driver of every such Carriage, and the Owner of such Timber or other Things aforesaid, and the Person who shall throw or lay any Dung, Allies, Rubbish, Dull, Dirt, or other Nuisance or Annoyance as aforesaid, or othervv fe offend in the Premises, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor left than Five Shillings, to be recovered and applied as heredfter mentioned.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons inhabiting within the said Town shall, from and after the passing of this Act, at leaf! Twice in tvery Week, at such Times and at such Hours as the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall from Time to Time diredf, ferape, cleanse, and sweep, or cause to be feraped, cleanled, and lw>-pr, the paved Footpaths or Ways, in the whole Length of the Front of their respective Houses, Shops, Buildings, Walls, and Premises, and cleanse and sweep the publick paved Carriageways in Front of their respective Houses, Shops, Buildings, Walls, and Premises, the whole Length thereof, to the Centre of such publick Carriageway, in all Places where there shall

1209

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

shall be any inhabited Houses or other Buildings opposite; but where that shall not be the Cafe, then for such Leng h and Breadth as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall direct, and every such Inhabitant shall immediately take and carry away, or cause to be taken and carried away, the Dirt and Soil arising from such (weeping and cleansing, without obstructing the Way in such Streets or publick Passages or Places, or any of the Watercourses or Channels there, upon Pain of forfeiting and paying the Sum of Five Shillings for every Neglect therein, to be recovered and applied as hereafter directed.

L. And be it further enacted, That when any Messuage or Tenement within the said Town shall be untenanted and uninhabited, then and in ^.ifQ ners'to^’ such Cale the said last mentioned Commissioners shall, during ihe Time ci«mf* l»f«re such Premises shall remain uninhabited, cause their Scavenger to cleanle lhcm' that Parc of the publick Streets, Passages, and Places, which would have fallen to the Lot of such uninhabited Messuage or Tenement, and to take and carry away the Dull, Dirt, and Soil, arising therefrom; and shall also order such other Parts of the said Streets and Places as are not herein otherwise particularly described, to be cleansed in such Manner, and at such Times, as they shall think proper; and the Expences of such cleansing shall be paid out of the Rates or Assessments hereafter directed to be laid.

LI. And, for raising Money to enable the said last-mentioned Rate to bt Commissioners to carry this Act, so far as the fame relates to the several Purposes of cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets and Jeaufii.g and other publick Passages and Places within the said Town into Execu- 1, Shti"G-tion, be it further enacted, That One or more Rate or Races, AflfdT-ment or Assessments, shall be annually laid and assessed by the said Commissioners upon the Occupiers of all Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Buildings, and Tenements, in any of the said Streets and other publick Paffaucs and Places, in such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall order and direct; but so as such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments (except the First Assessment for paying Part of the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act) do not exceed in the Whole, in any One Year, the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Premises, in the making of

which several Rales or Assessments, the Scabies, Outhouses, Etecti ns, and other Buildings which shall belong to or be respectively held and Occupied with any of the said Houses, shall be respectively rated therewith -, and the Money so rated and assessed under or in pursuance of

this Act, shall be from Time to Time paid to the Collectors to be appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, and shall be by them paid over to the Clerk and Treasurer of the said Commissioners at such Time and Times in every Year, and in such Manner as they shall order and direct, and shall be applied in the First Place to pay such proportionable Part of the Expences of obtaining and, passing this AO, as the Commissioners first herein nominated and appointed shall direct and appoint, and the Residue thereof to defray the necessary Expences of cleansing, lighting, regulating, and improving the said Town as herein directed; and the said Commissioners last herein nominated and appointed shall also cause just and true Accounts to be kept of the Produce of [Lee. Ss* Per."] 14 D the

1210

House* empty

or unoccupied, to have a proportionable Deduction.

IToufrs tinder 5 /. per Year exempt.

Rates how to

be recovered.

Penalties how to b«- ‘ecovered and applied.

I

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

the said respective Rates and Assessments, and of the Application of the fame respectively.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Premises, after the making of any such Rates or Assessments, shall become empty or unoccupied, a Deduction shall be made out of the said Rates or Assessments in Proportion to the Time such Premises respectively shall continue empty or unoccupied; and that where any House, Building, or Tenement, upon which any Rate or Assessment shall be laid as aforesaid, shall be let to more than One Tenant, any One or more of such Tenants shall be deemed the Occupier or Occupiers thereof for the Pur poles of this Act.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be charged wirh any of the Rates and Duties hereby imposed upon or (or inhabited Houses, unlel’s the House and Premises in his or her Occupation, shall be of the annual Value of Five Pounds or upwards; and no Assessment or Charge of the Rates or Duties hereby imposed shall be made or levied upon or in relptd of any Dwelling House, Cottage, or Tenement, whereof the Occupier or Occupiers, by reason of Poverty, is or are exempted from the adua1 Payment of the usual Taxts and Assessments towards the Church and Poor.

LIV. And, for the better enforcing the Payment of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons liable to pay any of the said Rates or AfiefT. ments shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money rated or assessed upon him, her, or them, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Collector to the said last-mentioned Commissioners to cause the lame to be levied by distiaining the Goods and Chattels of the Party so refusing or neglecting, cy Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One Justice of the Peace acting in and for the said West Riding of the County of York, and if, within Five D ys next after any such Distress shall be made, the said Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, together with the rea-ibnable Ch uges of taking and keeping the said Distress, shall not be paid, the said Collector shall cause the said Goods and Chattels to be appraized and fuld, or such Part thereof as fh->11 be sufficient for that Purpose, rendering the O crplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed for any Offence against the fame, and all Damages, Colls, and Charges, which may be demanded or become due by the Authority of this Act, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise directed), shall be levied and recovered by Drflrets and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Person liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said West Riding of the County of Turk, upon the Conviction of the OiFender by his or her Conteflion, cr by the Oath of One or mote credible Witness or Witnesses; and the said Penalties or.Forfeitures, when recovered, shall go and be paid, One Moiety thereof to the Informer

I2II

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

pier and the other Moiety thereof to the Treasurer of the said last-mentioned Commissioners, in Aid of the Rate or Assessment herein-before directed to be laid for the Purposes of cleansing, lighting, regulating, and improving, the publick Streets, and other Passages and Places in the said Town of Rotherham, rendering the Overplus (if any) after such Forfeiture or Proalty, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Conviction, Warrant, Distress and Sale, shall be fully paid, unto the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been lo distrained as aforesaid; and in case fui%ienc Distress shall not be found, and such Penalty or Forfeiture, Damages, Cods, and Charges, shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for speh Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Person liable and convinced as aforesaid, ro the House of Correction or Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month nor less than Ten Days, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture, Damages, Cods, and Charges, and all Expences attending such Commitment, shall be looner paid and satisfied.

fWI- And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be com- Limitation of menced against . y Person for any Thing to be done in pursuance of Al‘<li0ns’ this Act until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Person a; init whom stich Action or Suit shall be intended to be oomnvncc . or after fjhkient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Early aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months next alter the Offence committed, and every such Action or Suit dull be br.mght and tried in the County of York, and not elli-whcte; and the Dc-fendatvc ip every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial

befield thereupon, and that the lame was clone in pursuance and by the Authpiity of this Act; and if the same shall appear to b^ so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after sufficienc Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff shall become Nonluir, or discontinue his or her Action or Suit after the Defendant shall appear, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff, then the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases at Law.

LVIL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think him- Appeal, self or htrself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act,

(except in such Cases where the Determination of the said respective Commissioners is declared to be conclusive) such Person may within Six Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions 10 be holden for the West Riding of the County of York, Kith Appellant first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice at lealt in Whiting of his or her Intention to exhibit such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons appealed against, and within Four Days after giving such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the

1212 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

the said West Riding, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide by the Order of, and pay such Culls as shall be awarded by the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being give', and of the entering into such Recognizance as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Culls to the Party appealing or appealed ag inll jS they shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices shall be binding, final, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

General LVIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heir*

*v,ns’ and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, (other than and excepc such as are meant and intended to be barred and destroyed by this Act) of, in, to, or out of the several Grounds, Meflliages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments, mentioned or comprized in this Act, as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

Publick Affi

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices of the Peace, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 67.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of 7wo Acts of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty s Reign, made for Building a Temporary Bridge and completing a new Stone Bridge over the River Tyne, betwee?i the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and Gateshead, in the County of Durham, and making the Avenues to and the Passages over the fame more commodious; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, Panes, or Avenues leading to the said new Stone Bridge within the Town of Gate mead, in the County of Durham; and for enabling the Trustees named in the said Act to widen and enlarge the said new Stone Bridge.

[20th fune 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of prt3mb!e.

His prefer.t Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging nr, the Terms and Powers of Two Alls of the Twelfth and Nine- recitud. ttenth Years cf His present Majesty's Reign, made for Building a Temporary Bridge and completing a new Stone Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gatelhead, in the County of Durban),

[Loc. fcf Per-] 14 E and

+i° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

and malting the Avenues to and tie Passages over the fame more commodious f and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, Lanes, or Avenues leading to the said new Stone Bridge within the Town of Gaieihead in the County of Durham, it was cn.ifted, that a Term of Twelve Years, granted by the said Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, should be enlarged and continued fjr the further Term of Twelve Years, to be computed from the Expiration of the said first mentioned Term of Twelve Years; and it was also enacted, that inllcad of the several Clauses, Provisions, Powtrs, Tolls, Penalties, Forfeitures. Matters, and Things, which were contained in the said former Acts of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, the said Act now in recital, and the several Clauses, Pronfioni, Prwers, Tolls, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained, should commence and take place, and should be put in Execution immediately after the passing thereof, and continue in force for the Residue of the said Term of Twelve Years, granted by the said Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and after the Expiration thereof, during the further Perm of Twelve Years, for the Purpose of improving the South Avenue to the said new Stone Bridge: And whereas divers Persons were by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign appointed Trustcts for putting the fame1 in Execution, and |were enabled to improve the South Avenue to the said new Stone Bridge, by widening the fame and opening a new Street leading therefrom; and it was thereby further enacted, that for and towards raising Money for the Purposes of the said last mentioned Act, it should be lawful for the said Trustees to take and receive such Tolls for the Passage of Cattle, Carriages, and other Things over the said new Stone Bridge, as are therein specified, for such further Term of Twelve Years as aforesaid, or until such sooner Time as the several Purposes of the said last mentioned Act should be carried into Execution, and the Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof, with Interest, should be repaid: And whereas the said Trustees have duly put the said Act in Execution, and have by the Money arising by the said Tolls, and borrowed on the Credit thereof, made such Alterations and Improvements in the South Avenue to the said new Stone Bridge, and completing such other Works prescribed by the said Act, as were judged necessary for the Safety and Accommodation of the Publick: And whereas the said further Term of Twelve Years, granted and created by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, will expire on the Twenty-fourth Day of Jane One thousand eight hundred and three, and the Tolls collected at the said new Stone Bridge will not be sufficient to pay off and discharge the Money now remaining due on the Credit thereof within that Period: And whereas the Mayor and Burgesst-s of the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne are entitled to Two Third Parts of the said new Stone Bridge, extending from the North End thereof Southwards along the said Bridge to a Place on the said Bridge formerly distinguished and marked by Two blue Boundary Stones, and now by One Boundary Stone j and the Right Reverend Father in God Shute Lord Bishop of Durham is entitled, in Right of his See, to the other Third Part thereof extending from such Boundary Stone to the South End of the said Bridge; and the Burden and Charge of maintaining and keeping in Repair their said respective Parts of the said Bridge belong to and lie upon the said Mayor and Burgesses and the said Bishop of Durham respectively: And whereas the said Bridge forms a principal Passage between the Northern and Southern Parts of this Kingdom; and it would be of publick Utility if such Passage, which is now

1215

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

°nly of the Breadrh of Twenty-or.e Feet Six Inches, was widened and enlarged, by prosecting from the Salient Angles of the present Piers of the said Bridge Arches of Stone, so as to give to such Passage an increased Width of Twelve Feet; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present P.trl ament sflembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and eVcry Clause, Matter, and Thing therein fUrili rcon-contained, in all Things where the fame were appointed to have a limited of

Duration, and the Term of Twelve Years thereby granted, Ih.dl be and Twenty-one the same are hereby declared to be enlarged and continued for the further YVu«. Term herein-after limited.

II. And, in order to secure the Money now due and owing on the The Toiii Credit of the said former Acts or any of them, be it further enacted and fj* declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of *sg« m, this Act, this Act and the several Tolls granted and made payable by the '"K" said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, and hereby continued, shall, for and during the further Term hereby granted, be and remain subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money which at the Time of passing this Act shall be due and owing on the Credit of the said former Acts or any of them, and to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall or may hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of them, and of this present Act, together with all Interest due or to become due on such Sums of Money respectively.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Persons appointed in and by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Trustees for putting the same Act in Execution, and also every orher Person and Persons appointed or elected Trustee or Trustees, under the Powers for that Purpose granted by the same Act, or by any of the said recited Acts, or by an Act of Parliament of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlacing the Term and Powers of Two Acts of the Twentieth and Tvsen y-fixlh Years of the Reign of His his Majesty, for refairing the High Road leading from the Cty of Durham, in the County of Dunham, to Tyne Bridge in the said County, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustee* for effecting the Purpufcs of this Acr, and shall have full Power and Authority, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby enabled to widen and enlarge the said new Stone Bridge, by building on and pro-jesting from the Salient Angles of the said Bridge, Stone Arches of such Dimensions as to give to such Bridge the additional Width of Twelve Feet at the least, and to make and erect a Parapet thereon of such Dimensions, Form, and Materials as they shall think proper, and to defray the Costs and Charges thereof by and out of the Tolls hereby continued, or by and out of the Money to be borrowed on the Credit of this or the said former Acts.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in ord<r to save harmless and keep indemnified the said Mayor and Burgesses, and the said Shute Lord Bishop of Durham respectively, and their respective Successors, from all further or increased Charge in respect of the said Stone Arches, so to be added to the said new Stone Bridge, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they

to ttie Payment of a 1 Monies now due, and hereafter to be borrowed with intend.

Trustee* appointed under

the Ac 1 & 28 Geo. III. or undei

Ot 13 GeO. IN, to he- Truitt e* f r the Purpo-fes of thu Acts

and they are authorized to widen the Bridge, by bud »ine Prosecting Arches, and a parapet thereto-

And in order to indemnity the Mayor and Buigeflrt and the B shop of Durham, from thr Repairs of the additional Ar*

I2l6

ches the same are to be repaired out of the Tolls i

and 1000l. are to be raised and inverted on Government Securities, and the Intejelt thereof accumulated.

Application of the Fund aft r the EXpiration

of the Term of 11 Years, or ceartng of the Toll*.

the Corporation of Ne*w-caflls and the Bishop of Durham not to be liable to repair the additional Arches.

When Tolls to cease.

Continuance of the Act.

[Publick Act.]

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

they are hereby authorized and required, by and out of the Tolls hereby conrirued, or by and out of the Money to be borrowed on the Credit of this or the said former Acts, from Time to Time and at all Times during the C mtinuance of the said Tolls, to supporr, maintain, and keep in He-pair the said additional Stone Arihes and the Parapet thereof; and also to raise the Sum ot One thousand Pounds, which shall, when so raised, be laid out or inverted in the Purchase of Stock in f ame of the Publi* k Stocks or Funds, or upon other Government Securities, at Intertll, in the Nan es of the said Mayor and Burgesses and of the Bishop of Durham for the Time being, who shall from Time to Time lay out or invert in then Names, in like Manner, the Yearly Dividends or Interest of the Stocks, Funds, and Securities lo to be purchased, as the lame shall from Time to Time be received (after paying the Corts of such Investment) for the Purpose of Accumulation, and which Accumulation shall be and remain a Fund for the future Maintenance, Support, and Repair of the said additional Stone Arches and the Parapet thereof, so that the said Mayor and Burgesses, or the said Bishop of Durham or his Successors, or the Revenues of the said See of Durham, may be wholly exonerated and kept free from any Expence or Charge in respect of the said additional Stone Arches, or the Parapet thereof.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Expiration of the said Term of Years hereby granted, or the ceasing the Tolls hereby continued, they the said Mayor and Burgesses, and the said Bishop of Durham or his Successors, shall and they are hereby required, by and out of the said accumulated Fund (but so as never to reduce the fame below the Sum of One thousand Pounds) to cause the said additional Stone Arches, and the Parapet thereof, to be for ever supported, maintained, and kept in Repair; in lo far as such accumulated Fund will enable them so to do, but no farther, and so as not to reduce the fame below the Sum of One thousand Pounds as aforesaid.'

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge the said Mayor and Burgesses or their Revenues, or the said Lord Bishop of Durham or his Successors, or the Revenues of the said See of Durham, with the maintaining, supporting, or keeping in Repair the said additional Stone Arches, or the Parapet thereof, or any Part thereof.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That at the Expiration of the Term hereby granted, or at such sooner Time as the several Purposes of this Act shall be effected, and the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof be repaid, with Interest for the fame, all the said Tolls hereby continued shall cease and determine.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue until the End of the Firil Session of Parliament which shall commence after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two; and shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whojnsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 68.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation, to raise Money for completing the said Canal; and to alter, explain, and amend the Ad, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Prtambl*.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making j5Crt.1i!, and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or recltedi Isis, at or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join or communicate with the Kennet and Avon Canal at or near the Town of '['row-bridge, in the County of Wilts, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein deputed, certain Persons therein named and described, were united into a Company for carrying on, making, completing, and maintaining the said Canal and Cuts, by the Name and Style of The Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation, in perpetual Succession, with a Common Seal, and the said Company were authorized to raise and contribute arhong themselves a competent Sum of Money for making, carrying on, and completing the said Canal and Cuts, and the other Works and Conveniencies to the fame belonging, not exceeding in the Whole [Lot. £j? Per.'] 14 F the

m

I2l8

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

the Sum of One hundred and eleven thousand nine hundred Pounds (except as therein-after mentioned), which was to be divided into One thousand one hundred and nineteen Shares of One hundred Pounds each; and if the said Sum should be found insufficient for the Purposes of the said Act,-. the said Company of Proprietors were enabled to raise and contribute among themselves, in the Manner in the said Act mentioned, any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds; and in case the said Company should be desirous of raising the said last-mentioned Sum, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, they were empowered to borrow and take up at Interest all or any Part of the said Sum on the Credit of the said Undertaking, as to them should seem meet, and to assign the several Tolls, Rates, and Duties arising therefrom, as a Security for any Sum or Sums so to be lent: And whereas only Seventy-four thousand and one hundred Pounds, Part of the said Sum of One hundred and eleven thousand nine hundred Pounds, amounting to Seven hundred and forty-one Shares, of One hundred Pounds each, was originally subscribed; and only the Sum of Sixty-one thousand five hundred and twelve Pounds and Ten-pence, or thereabouts, has yet been actually paid; and the Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors has advanced ro them the Sum of Three thousand seven hundred and ninety-six Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven-pence, for which they have engaged to pay him Interest; and that all the Money so raised has been expended in the Prosecution of the Works of the said Undertaking, and in tarrying into Effect the Purposes of the said Act; and the said Company of Proprietors have also incurred sundry other Debts in the Prosecution of the said Undertaking, which ate yet unsatisfied and owing by them: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have, in pursuance of the said Act, proceeded in making and completing certain Parts of the said Canal and Cuts-, but it is found that much more Expence hath been and will be necessarily incurred in completing and maintaining the said Undertaking, than the fame was originally estimated at, and more Money than the said Company of Proprietors have yet been able to raise, will be required to liquidate and discharge the Debts of the said Company, and to finish and complete the said Canal, Cuts, and other Works, by the said Act authorized to be made and done: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said Act have in other Respects been found insufficient, and it is re-quisite that the fame should be altered and extendtd; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-Foww to raift ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be law-*00,000l. ful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to raise, in Manner, herein-afrer mentioned, the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be necessary for the making, completing, and maintaining the said Canal Navigation and Works, over and abo\e the said Sum of One hundred and eleven thousand nine hundred Pounds, in the said recited Act mentioned (although the said last-mentioned Sum, by reason of the Whole rot being subscribed for, and the Arrearages of Calls or Subscriptions, and Interest due on Sums advanced, hath not been wholly raised); and that the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall be applied in paying and dih charging the Debts owing by the said Company of Ptoprictors, including

1219

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

the said Sum of Three thousand seven hundred and ninety-six Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven-pence, advanced to them as aforesaid, and for which they have engaged to pay Interest, and such lurcher Debt?, as they shall contract in completing the said Canal Navigation, Cuts, and other YVutks, and in executing the several Purposes of the said Act and this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Empowering Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorised and empowered JoraUevfoney to raise the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, by creating new by creating or additional Shares of One hundred Pounds each, to be subscrilied for 'w511*1*'* in Manner herein-after mentioned, after the Rate of Sixty Pounds per

Share, or at such other Rate or Value per Share as the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time, at any General or Special Meeting, think proper to declare-, which said new or additional Shares so to be created as aforesaid, shall be deemed Personal Estate, and be trani'miflible as such; and all Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, who shall, by themselves or Agents, subscribe for and be admitted as after-mentioned to such new Shares, or otherwise become entitled to such Shares, their fe-vetal and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Alllgns, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and shall be, and they are hereby united to and incorporated with the said Company, and shall be entitled to such and the fame Powers,

Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, and liable to such and the fame Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if the fame had been originally subscribed for amongst the otiginal Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and made Part of the Shares already created, and now vested in the several and respective Proprietors of the said Undertaking; and the Ad million of every Person to any such new Shares, by any Order or Resolution of the said Company of Proprietor, or the Committee of Management of the said Company, defied or to be defied for the Time being under or by virtue of the said recited Afi, shall, after the passing of this present Aff, be a good and effectual Title to such Person or Persons, and his, her, or their respective Executors and Administrators, on his, her, or their Payment to the said Company of Proprietors of the Purchase Money or Price agreed for the same.

III. P.ovided always. That all General or Special Meetings of the Meeting, foe

said Company, at which the raising any Sum or Sums of Money as y

before-mentioned shall be determined upon, shall be convened and held directed by in such Manner as General or Special Meetings of the said Company Act. of Proprietors are, by the said recited Act, directed to be convened and

held. IV.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be law- Disposition of ful for any Person or Persons possessed of any Share or Shares in the ne* sharM-Capital Stock of the said Company, to accept and take any Number of such

new Shares hereby created, in proportion and equal in Number to the original Shares held by such Person or Persons, as he, she, or they shall think proper, within Six Weeks after Notice shall have been given in any Newspaper or Newspapers published or usually circulated in the Counties of Wilts and Berks, and also in some London Newspaper or Newspapers, as the said Company of Proprietors, or the said Committee of Management, at any General or Special Meeting assembled, shall think proper; and in Default thereof, after the said Period, any other Person

1210

Money lent the Company may be deducted.

Money owing for Lands may be deducted.

Committee of Management may make the Cails for the additional Share.,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

Person or Persons possessed of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, who shall make Application for any such new Shares at the next ensuing General or Special Meeting of the said Company, or the said Committee of Management, shall be entitled to any Number of such new Shares, at the heft Price that can be obtained for the fame, nor less than at the Rate of Sixty Pounds as aforesaid, or at such other Rate as shall be fixed, pursuanc to the Power herein-before given for that Purpose-, and in case any such Shafts shall remain undisposed of after such last-mentioned General or Special Meeting, it shall be lawful for the saki Company, or the said Committee of Management, to sell and dispose of the same to any Person or Persons whomsoever, in such Manner and Proportions, and at such Price or Prices, as they shall think proper and expedient.

0 V. And be it further enacted, That all or any of the said Proprietors who shall have lent and advanced to the said Company any Sum or Sums of Money, in proportion to any Share or Shares portefTed by them in the Capital Stock of the said Company, and who have already subscribed, or shall hereafter subscribe for or towards any such new Share or Shares, shall be at Liberty only to set off and charge such Sum or Sums so lene and advanced, against any Call or Calls which shall be made upon them by the said Committee of Management of the said Company, fur or in respect of any such new Share or Shares, until the Whole of the Sum or Sums so lent or advanced shall be discharged j and such Proprietor or Proprietors shall only be chargeable with and obliged to pay to the said Company of Proprietors the Difference between such Sum or Sums so lent and advanced, and the Value of the Share or Shares which shall be taken and accepted, or purchased by such Proprietor or Proprietors.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons to whom the said Company of Proprietors are indebted for any Lands or Premises taken for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, shall purchase any of the said new Shares, such Person or Persons shall and may set off and charge the Value of such l ands or Premises against the Value of such new Shares, and upon Payment of the Difference between the Value of such new Shares and of such Lands or Premises, shall be deemed a Subscriber within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and be entitled to the like Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, and be liable to the fame Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures as aforesaid, as if the Whole of the Money for such new Shares had been actually advanced and paid to the said Company of Proprietors by such i\.rlon or Persons.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Management shall, anti they are hereby authorizrd and empowered at any Meeting of the said Committee held according to the Directions and Powers given in and by the said recited Act, or at any Adjournment thereof, to make such Call and Calls for Money from the Person or Persons subscribing for and taking such new Shares in Manner aforesaid, as they shall from Time to Time find necessary, so that the first Call do not exceed the Sum of Fifteen Pounds for every Share, and every succeeding Call do not exeted the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Share, and so as no such Calls be made but at the Distance of One Calendar Month at the lead from each other j which Monies so called

for

1221

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

for shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Committee of Management shall from Time to Time appoint and direct for the Use of the said Undertaking.

VIII. And be it further tna&ed, That no Proprietor of any Share or Sharts in the said Undertaking, either in Person or by Proxy, shall give a Vote or Votes in respect of the fame at any Meeting of the said Proprietors, unless the tame shall be handing in the Name of such Proprietor in One of the Register B'toks or Lists of Proprietors of the said Company at and immediately before such Meeting, and unless the Sums of Money from Time to Time called for by the said Committee of Management for or in respect of such Share or Shares, and which shall be actually due and payable at the Time of such voting, and all Arrears thereof, shall be duly paid ro the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Company of Proprietors before such Vote or Votes is or are respectively given.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Ptrfun who shall have subscribed or engaged for any of the further or additional Shares hertby authorized to be granted, shall, for the Purpose of facilitating the Prosecution of the Works of the said Undertaking, advance all or any Part of his or her Share or Shares previous to the Times then fixed or to be fixed by the find Committee under or by virtue of the foregoing Directions for the Payment thereof respectively, they the said Company shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to allow thereout, to every Person so making such Advance, Interest or Difeount ior the fame at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for or in respect of the Sum or Sums so advanced, in proportion and according to the Length of Time from such respective Payments to the Time or Times by the said Committee appointed for Payment of the fame respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raise so much of the Lid Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds as shall not be raised in the Manner aforesaid, as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, on Promissory Notes of not less than Fifty Pounds each, and where for more than that Sum, then not being for a Fradiion of Fifry Pounds, under the Common Seal of the said Company, transferrable by Indorsement, and that such Notes shall be made payable at the End of Ten Ytarsfrom the passing of this Act, wi:h Interest for the fame in the mean Time from the Time of advancing such Money respectively, to be paid Half-yearly, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that the respective Holders of such Notes shall have and be entitled to the Option, instead of receiving back such Principal Monies, of being admitted to become Proprietors of such Shares in the said Canal for the Principal Money advanced on such Notes, at the Expiration of the said Term of Ten Years, such Holders respectively givirg Notice in Writing of such their Option to become Proprietors as aforesaid, in relpcdl of their said Principal Monies, ro the Principal Clerk to the said Company, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven.

XI. And be it further ensued, That the Rates, Tolls, and Duties authorized to be taken, and which shall arise by virtue of the said recited Acc

[Lot. & /Vr.] 14 G and

No Proprietor to vote till Call paid.

Company to allow 5 /. ter Centum Difeount on Shares advanced previous to being called.

Power to raise so much of *oco, co/ as shall not be advanced in Manner afore* fjiid, on Note* to he repaid in Ten Year-*, or made Stock in the Canal.

Tolls, etc. to be a Secu* rity for tb« Mon; y aj« va/ ced.

1222

For compelling Payment of I ntei ell Money in Pi t Terence to Dividends.

A Receiver may be appointed.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

and of this Act, shall be a Security for all and every Sum and Sums of Money for which such Promissory Notes as aforesaid respectively shall be given, and the Interest thereon, to the Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time be entitled to the fame (but subject nevertheless and without Prejudice, to the Payment of such Yearly Rents, or other Sumor Sums of Moneyas have been or shall be agreed upon, determined, or assessed and awarded for Damages or Satisfaction under and by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act); the Form of which Notes, and the proper Entry and Registry thereof in the Company’s Book', shall be from Time to Time te-gulated and adjusted by the Committee of Management of the said Company of Proprietors as they shall think fit; and all Persons to whom such Notes as aforesaid shall be given, or who shall from Time to Time be entitled thereto, and to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, as Indorsees or otherwise, after the Expiration of the said Term of Ten Years, and Election made as aforesaid to become Proprietors in respect thereof, shall be equally entitled to a rateable Proportion of the said Rates, Tolls, and Duties, according to the respective Sums mentioned thereby to be fe-rured, as if such Persons respectively had been original Subscribers to the said Canal Navigation.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money to be borrowed on Notes as aforesaid, shall be paid Half-yearly a' aforesaid ro the several Persons entitled thereto (but subject and without Prejudice as aforesaid) in Preference to any Dividends due and payable by virtue of the said recited Act to the Individuals of the said Company; and in caie the fame Interest, or any Part theie f, shall be in Arrear by the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the lame shall become due and payable, and after Demand made thereof, then it shall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed under or by virtue of the said recited Act, and they are hereby required, on Reqoeft to them made by any such Creditor or Creditors whole Interest shall be so in Arrear, by an Order under their Hands, to appoint One or more Person or Persons to receive the Whole, or any Part or Parts of the Ra es or Duties authorized to be raised or levied by the said Act and this Act, with a Salary or Allowance for the Trou-ble of collecting the fame, such Receiver giving Security faithfully to account; and the Money so to be received shall be applied in the first Place in Payment of what shall from Time to Time be due for or in respect of such yearly Rents, or other Sum or Sums of Money as have been or shall be agreed upon, determined, or assessed and awarded for Damages or Satisfaction under and by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, and after such Payments, then in Payment of the Salary or Allowance of such Receiver or Receivers respectively, and afterwards in Payment, paripajj'u, of what shall from Time to Time become due for Interest on the said Pro-miflbry Notes, and the Money to be received by such Receiver or Receivers shall (subject to the Payment so as aforesaid hereby directed to be made in the first Place thereout) be and be considered as so much Money ieceived fur the Use of the Creditor or Creditors on Promissory Notes, to whom such interest or Airears shall be then due, to the Extent of such Interest; and alter such Interest, and the Costt of collecting the liaitl Rates and Duties shall be satisned, the Power and Authority of such Receiver and Receivers for the Purposes aforesaid shall cease and determine; or ctherwil'e the hid li terest fa due and unpaid as aforesaid, shall and may

be

1223

41° GEO. III. Gap. 68.

be sued for and recovered by the Person or Persons respectively entitled thereto by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, against such Receiver or Receivers who shall have Money in his or their Hands applicable to the Payment thereof, or against the said Company, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Creditor or Creditors on any such Promissory Note or Notes, shall elect: to receive back the Princioal Money, due and owing thereupon at the End of the said Term of Ten Years, and the said Company shall make Default in Payment thereof, that then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby also required, on Request made to them by any such Creditor or Creditors, by alike Order under their Hands, to appoint One or more Person or Persons to receive the Whole, or any Part or Parts of the said Rates or Duties, sufficient to anl'wer the Debt or Demand, Debts or Demands, of such Creditor or Creditors, with a Salary or Allowance as aforesaid, such Receiver Or Receivers in like Manner giving Security to account; and the Money lo to be received shall in like Manner in the first Place be applied in Payment of what shall be due for Rents, Damages, and Satisfaction as aforesaid, and in Payment of the Salary or Salaries of such Receiver or Receivers, and afterwards in Payment, paripajfu, of all the Principal Monies and interest due to such Creditor or Creditors oti such Promissory Notes so requiring Payment thereof; and the Monies lo to be received by such last mentioned Receiver or Receivers, shall (subjedk to the Payment or Payments so as aforesaid hereby directed to be made in the first Place thereout) be and be considered as so much Money received for the Use of the Creditor or Creditors on such Promissory Notes requiring Payment of the Principal, interest and Arrears due thereon, to the Extent of such Principal, interest and Arrears, and after such Principal, interest, and Arrears, and the Costs of collecting the said Rates and Duties shall be satisfied, the Power and Authority of such Receiver or Receivers shall in like Manner cease and determine; or otherwise the said Principal Money and interest; and Arrears of interest, shall and may be sued for and recovered, by the Person or Persons respectively entitled thereto, by Action of Dcbr, or on the Cafe, against such last-mentioned Receiver or Receivers who shall have Money in his or their Hands applicable to the Payment thereof, or against the said Company, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Share and Shares to N'e*Share» be created or held under or by virtue of the Authority of this Act, shall ^jnum" be numbered, and the Names and proper Additions of the respective Persons entitled thereto, and the respective Numbers of such Shares, shall be

entered in a Hook, and the Common Seal of the said Wilts and Berks Canal Company shall be affixed to the said new Shares; and Tickets or Instruments, with the Common Seal of the said Company affixed thereto, (halt be delivered to each Proprietor or Owner of such Shares respectively, in the like Manner and Form as is directed or appointed in and by the said recited Act, with respect to the original Shares in the said Undertaking; and every such Proprietor or Owner of such Share and Shares to be created or held as aforesaid, shall stand and be interested in all the Profits of the said Undertaking, in Proportion to the Quantiry of such Shares respectively which such Proprietor or Owner m ly have or be entitled unto,

as

For compelling Payment of Principal Monies.

1224

So much of the Act repealed, as di rects Interest to be paid during the the nuking the Canal.

Proprietor to divide the Profits of the Navigation Yearly, until the Cana! and Works are fi-niftied.

Power for the Company to recover Arrears of Calls.

Interest to be

pai to uch Pi oprietors who do not a^rc" to take nrw Sha es on Sept. 19, 18co and ihr Intermit due to such ai tanc

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

as beneficially and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Share and Shares had been an original Share and Shares in the said Navigation and Undertaking; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as directs, that during the Time of making the said Canal and other Works, and until the same shall be completed, Interest, alter the Rate of Five Pounds ter Centum per Annum, shall be paid to the said Proprietors on the Money by them subscribed and paid, be, and the fame is hereby repealed and that no Interest shall be payable to any Proprietor or Proprietors for any Money by them respectively subscribed and paid fub-ftquent to the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eighc hundred, to which Time the same shall be paid or allowed as alter mentioned.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Interest shall be payable for or in respect of the Money to be called for on the said new Shares in the said Undertaking, and that until the said Canal and Works shall be completed and finished, the Rates, Tolls, and Duties which are already or shall be received by the said Company, after Payment of such Rents and other Payments as are charged thereon, shall be divided unto and amongst the Persons who now are or shall hereafter become Proprietors, yearly and every Year, in Proportion to the several Sums of Money by them respectively advanced and paid; any Thing in the said recited Act or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That such of the said Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking, as have not paid their respective Proportions of the Money called for by the Committee of Management in Manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be, and they are hereby respectively directed and required to pay the full Amount thereof to the said Treasurer to the said Company, immediately after the passing of this Act -, and in case of Non-payment thereof for the Space of Fourteen Days after Application shall be made to them for that Purpose, by Writing under the Hand of the principal Clerk to the said Company, delivered to the respective Proprietor, or left at his or her usual or lad known Place of Abode, the said Committee of Management may, in the Name of the said Company of Proprietors, sue for and recover the lame in Manner directed by this Act; and that no Set-pff shall be made by them, or any or either of them, out of the Money due on such Calls, for or in respect of Interest due on the Sums by them respectively subscribed and paid on or before the said Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred; any Thing in the said recited Act or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That all Inrereft due to such of the Proprietors, on the Money by them respectively already subscribed and paid, in rtlpeft of their respective Shares in the said Ca- al, up to the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred, and wh;> shall not subscribe for and agree to take new Shares created in and by this Act, in Manner and upon the Terms herein-before mend ned, shall be paid by the Treasurer appointed or to be appointed in pursuance

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

of the said Act to them respectively, on the Twenty-ninth Day of September, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and one, and not before; and that thelnterest due to such of the Proprietors on the Money by them respectively subscribed and paid, in respect of their respective original Shares in the said Canal, up to the said Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred, who have already or shall subscribe for and agree to take new Shares in the said Undertaking, in Manner and upon the Terms herein-before mentioned, shall, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September next, be taken and accepted by the said Company of Proprietors in part of Payment of the Residue of such new Shares, all Calls which may be made by the Committee of Management on or before the said Twenty-ninth Day of September next, having been first paid by them respectively, to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors in Money, and without Prejudice to such Calls, or the fame Interest shall be paid to them respectively in Money on the said Tventy-ninth Day of September next, at their Option; any Thing in the said recited Act or this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in any Action brought or to be brought by the said Company, against any Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company, for or by reason of any Call or Calls made by virtue of the said Act, or for or in respect of any Call or Calls to be made in pursuance and by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare and alledge that the Defendant or Defendants, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of such or so many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear shall amount unto, for such or so many Call or Calls of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as the Case may happen to be) duly made upon such Defendant or Defendants, according to the Authority of the said recited Act and of this Act, or either of them, whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of the said Act and of this Act, without setting forth the special Matter; and on the Trial of such Action it shall only be necessary to prove that the Defendant or Defendants, at the Time of making such Call or Calls, was or were a Proprietor or Proprietors of some Share or Shares in the said Canal, and that such Call or Calls was or were in Fast made, and that such Notice thereof was given as is directed by the said Act and this Act; and that the Production by the principal Clerk or other Officer of the said Company, of the said Register Book or Books, and of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Committee of Management, and of the Newspapers in which Notice of the said Calls have been, or shall be advertised, shall be sufficient F.vidence of the Appointment of the Committee who made such Call or Calls, and of the Notices given thereof, and of the Proceedings of the Committee duly entered in such Book or Books, Minutes or Proceedings; and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover what shall appear due, unless it shall appear that any such Call under the said recited Act exceeded the Sum of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, or was made within the Didance of Two Calendar Months from the lad preceding Call, o; unless it shall appear that any such Calls for Shares created by [Aw. ft? Per.] 14 H this

I225

new Shares to

be taken in Part i hereof.

Directing the P'0:eedingsin Actions for Calls.

1226

Proxies to be entered in a stook.

Majority cf Votes at Meetings to bind the Whole.

Money arising from the Sale of Shares forfeited under the former A£> to be applied to finflh the Canal, and paying the Company’s Debts.

Money raired by Sale or forfeited Shares, to be applied for the Purposes of the Act.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

this Act, exceeded the Sums herein-before limited for that Purpose,':or was made within the Distance ot One Calendar Month from the lift pre ceding Call; and after Judgement shall be given for the said Com[iany in ar>v such Action, Execution shall not be staytd by reason of any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unless luck Defendant or Defendants, with Two fufticienc Sureties, shall first become bound to the said Company by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in tire Cotnt in which such Judgement shall be given, in double the Sum adjudged to the said Company by such Judgement, to prosecute such Writ of Error With Effect, and also if the said Judgement be affirmed, or the said Writ of Error be non-profied, to satisfy and pay the Debts, Damages, and Costs adjudged by the said Judgement, and all Colts and Damages to be awarded for Delay of Execution , any Thing in the said recited Act or this Act Contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That ail Proxies shall be produced to the principal Clerk to the said Company ot Proprietors, and entered in a Book or Lift to be kept by him for that Purpose, before any Vote shall be given in respect of such Proxies, which Book shall be a sufficient Authority for any Person deputed by such Proxy, to give his Vote without Production of the Proxy at the Time of his voting until such Proxy is revoked.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That at all General or Special, and other Meetings of the said Proprietors at large, to be held in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, the Determination of the Majority of Votes, according ro the Number of Votes in Person and by Proxy,

which the Persons attending any such Meeting shall have a Right to give and shall give, shall oe considered as the Determination of the Whole. v

XXII. And whereas in and by the said recited Act it is enacted, That the Produce arising from the Sale of any forfeited Shaie or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall be equally divided amongst the rest of the said Company of Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Shares and Interests in the said Canal and Undertaking; and it would be more beneficial to the Interest of the said Company of Proprietors, if the Money to be raised by the Sale of such forfeited Share or Shares as aforesaid, were to be applied to the finishing and completing the Did Canal, Cuts, and other Works, and in liquidating the Debts of the said Company of Proprietors; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as required the Produce arising from the Sale of such forfeited Share or Shares as aforesaid, to be equally divided amongst the rest of the said Company of Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Shares and Interests in the said Undertaking, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Money to be raised by the Sale of all and every Share and Shares in the said Undertaking already forfeited, or hereafter to become forfeited, shall be, and the fame is hereby directed to be applied to the finishing and completing the said Canal, Cuts, and other Works, and in liquidating the Debts of the said Company of Proprietors.

41° GEO. III. Cup, 68,

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act P. opriftor* as enacts that no Person becoming a Proprietor in the said Navigation* 0

shall be a Proprietor of more than Fifty Shares, either in his or her own, sii.irti in the Name, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons in Trull Ci»ai. for him or her (unless the lame shall come to him or her by Will, Devise, or Act in Law) upon Pain of forfeiting to the said Company of Proprietors all such Shares exceeding Fifty Shares as aforesaid 5 and that so much of the said recited Arc as directs that no Proprietor shall give more chan Fifty Votes in Person or by Proxy for the Purpose of electing a Treasurer or Treafuters, or Members of the Committee of Management, and thac no Proprietor shall give morechan Ten Votes in Person and Five by Proxy, for any other Purposes whatsoever, shall be, and such respective Parts thereof are hereby repealed.

XXV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That Proprirtors every Proprietor who shall have or be possessed. of One bundled Snares or

more in the said Navigation and Undertaking, may give One hundred moremiygiv* Votes in Person or by Proxy at any Meeting of the Proprietors to be held ,00 votetrn in pursuance of the said recited Act, for the Purpose of electing a Trea» proxy"0' b* surer or Treasurers to the said Company of f’ropiictors, or for the Purpose of electing Members of the Committee of Management in the said recited Act mentioned, and not more; and that no Proprietor, although possessed of more than Twenty Shares in the said Navigation and Undertaking, shall have or give more than Twenty Votes in Person, nor more than Ten Votes by Proxy, at any Meeting of Proprietors to be holden in pursuance of this Act or the said recited Act, for any other Purpose whatsoever than for electing a Treasurer or Treasurers, or Members of the Committee of Management.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to sue Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to sue for and recover, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wtjl- tion of tuera. tniitjier, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, all and every Sum and Sums of Money now due, owing, and in Arrear, upon any original Share or Shapes of the Proprietors of the said Canal Navigation, not already forfeited to the said Company of Proprietors under the Provisions of the said recited Acr, or that shall hereafter be due, owing, and in Anear, either upon such original Share or Shares, or any other Share or Shares, to be acquired by any Proprietor or Proprietors under this present Act; and that the Person or Persons refuting or neglecting to pay any Sum or Sums ot Money lo in Arrear as aforesaid, within Two Calendar Months from and after the pad rig of this Act, shall forfeit ail his, her, or their Right, Share, and laterefl in the said Undertaking, and ail Profit, Benefit, and Advantage thareof and therefrom, and all Money theretofore advanced by him, her, or them, on Account thereof, to and for the Ule and Benefit of, and towards completing the said Undertaking, and notwithstanding such Arrears shall not have been lued for by the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, or if sued for shall not have been recovered by rheni; and that all Shaies that shall or may be lo forfeited, shall be sold by the said other Proprietors ly.publick Auftiou, and the Produce thereof applied by them for and towards the Purposes of this Act, in Manner herein-before directed.

1228 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

m'owered

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

to efeu" Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture under

Lands, etc. their Common Seal to grant and convey in Fee, either for a Sum or Sums of Money in Gross, or for an annual Rent, or to mortgage or demil'e for a Term of Years, all such of the Messuages, Buildings Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, already purchased by and conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors, or which shall be purchased by and conveyed to the said Company, as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of the said Navigation and Works, or any Part or Parts thereof, for such Sum or Sums of Money, or under such yearly Rents, and to be reserved or limited in such Manner as in such Conveyances, Mortgages, or Demises shall be expressed; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture under their Common Seal, to grant and convey all or any Part of the annual Rents or yearly Sums which shall or may be reserved or limited to the said Company of Proprietors, on any such Grant or Demise; and that all such Grants, Conveyances, Mortgages, and Demises, shall be valid and effectual, any Thing in the said recited Atfts, or any other Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales, Mortgage or Mortgages, of such Messuages. Lands, Reserved Rents, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasureis for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors, to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be fold, which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to the Purchaser or Purchasers, Mortgagee or Mortgagees, for the Money for which such Premises shall be so fold or mortgaged, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be received; and such Person or Persons shall not be answerable or accountable for any Losses, Misapplication, or Non-application of such Purchase Money or any Part thereof; which said Money shall be applied by the said Company of Proprietors for the fame or for the like Purposes as the Money hereby authorized to be raised by the Creation of new Shares is to be applied: Provided always, That the said Company of Proprietors, before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands or Buildings, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Lands or Buildings; and in case such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to repurchase the fame, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Lands or Buildings shall lie, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Lands or Buildings, (fating that such Offer was made by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall, in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refilled by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be.

Aato Convey-anwof Land taken from Commons, and Payment oft! ePurchalc

Money.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, in making the said Canal, Cuts, Reservoirs, and other Works, thtre has been or shall be Occasion to cut through, take, or use any Part of any Common or

Waste Ground for the Purpose of the said Canal, Cuts, P.efervoirr, and

other

1229

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 68,

Other Works, or of any Road or Roads thereto, the Conveyance of such Parts of such Common or Waste Ground, by the Lord or Lady, Lords or Ladies, of the Manor to which such Common or Waste Ground is appurtenant, to the said Company, shall be a good and sufficient Conveyance for the Purpose of vetting in them the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, as folly and effectually as if every Person having Right of Common upon such Common or Waste Ground had joined in and executed such Conveyance; and the Purclmfe Money for such Parts of such Common or Waste Ground as aforesaid, shall be paid by the said Company to the said Lord or Lady, Lords or Ladies, of such Manor, for the LJie of the said Lord or Lady, Lords or Ladies, and the Persons having Right of Common upon such Common or Waste, in proportion to their respective Rights and Inceretts in the Land so taken; and if any Difference shall arise respecting the Division of the said Purchase Money, the same shall be determined by the Commissioners authorized by the said recited Act.

XX’X. And be it further etlafted, That any Person beneficially entitled Copyloldt to any Manor, in or through which any Part of the said Canal and Cuts, "tinchif'd by or other Work.*, is or shall be made, may enfranchise any Copyhold or Cuf- Person, bene, tomary Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to the fame, which have been or shall be taken by the said Company of Proprietors for notfeifed of the making any Part of the said Canal and Cuts, or other Works, not- I^'c/or legal xvrhftinding that such Person or Persons be seised of or entitled to such Eiute. Manor for a less Interest than an Ellate of Inheritance, or be not feifedof the legal Estate therein.

XXX. And whereas in and by the said recited Act it is enacted, that Repeating if any bwivel Bridge or Draw Bridge Ihou Id belaid over or a cross the sea'inV"' said Canal or Cuts, or iny Trenchjss or Passages to be made by virtue of Swivel and the said recited Act, all and every Person or Persons opening any such J^dge, to Swivel Bridge or Draw Bridge should fhuc and fatten the fame so soon as beihut after any Vessel should have patted any such Bridge; and whereas the said Pro- Van^A*thera. vision has been found inconvenient, be it therefore enacted, That so much P

of the said recited Act as requires such Swivel Bridges or Draw Bridges as aforesaid to be (hut and fattened so soon as any Vessel has patted the lame, except Bridges oo.publick Roads, shall be and the fameis hereby repealed

Provided nevertheleft, That the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby required to affix a Chain to each such Swivel Bridge and Draw Bridge, so as to extend across the Bottom of the Canal or Cuts to the opposite Bank, and be affixed to such opposite Bank, to enable Persons to (hut such Swivel Bridges and Draw Bridges when necessary.

XXXI. And whereas Doubts have arisen how far the said Company of Proprietors hre liable to the Repair of the Roads leading to the Bridges piolches’to already made, or which may happen to be made over the said Canal and KJ'£|"are Cuts, be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the patting of paired"* this Act, the said Company of Proprietors shall not be liable to repair or

amt nd any Part of the Roads approaching to any Badges madeor to be made over the said Canal or Cuts, after such Roads shall have been first made and uled for Six Calendar Months, and then put into good Repair by the said Company of Proprietors, any Thing in the said Act or in this Act contained o the contray notwithstanding; but nothing herein contained shall \Loc. 13 Per.~\ 14 / be

i2'3 d

Power to

regulate the Construction of Vessel*.

Certain Inconveniences in the former Act recited.

41° GEORGII til. Cap.

be construed to exonerate the said Company of Proprietors from the future Repairs of the Bridges, and the Wing Walls, Ramparts, and Side Banks thereof, and the Banks supporting the Approaches thereto.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall use or navi, gate on the said Canal any Boat or VefTW that shall have a Iquare Head, Stern, or Sides, or that (hill have any Angle or Prosection on the Sides, or at the Bottom thereof, or be constructed in any Respect so as to injure or tend to injure the Lining, Puddling, or other Works of the said Canal.

XXXIII. And whereas* in and by the said recited Act, the Committee of Management, thereby directed to be annually chosen, are authorized to make Calls from Time to Time for Money from the several Proprietors of the said Navigation or Undertaking, in Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned; and it is by the same Act further enacted, that every Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Navigation and Undertaking shall from Time to Time pay his or her Proportion of the Money so to be called for in Manner therein mentioned, and that if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their proportionable Part of the Money To to be called for as therein mentioned, at the Time and Place which shall be appointed for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, in case they shall so think fit, to sue for and recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or that the Person or Persons so retufing or neglecting to pay such his, her, or their proportionable Part of such Money as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum therein mentioned and that in case any such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their proportionable Part of the Money so to be called for as therein mentioned, for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the Time to be appointed for Payment thereof as therein mentioned, and the same shall not have been sued for by the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, or if sued for shall not have been recovered by them, that then and in such Case the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, shall absolutely forfeit all his, her, or their Share, Part, and Interest whatsoever in the said Undertaking, and all Profit and Advantage thereof, and all Money theretofore advanced by him, her, or chem on Account thereof, to and for the Use and Benefit of the other Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and that all Shares that shall or may be so forfeited, shall be sold by the said other Proprietors by publick Auction; and that the Produce arising from such Sale shall be di-vided amongst them in Proportion to their respretive Shares and Interefh in the said Navigation and Undertaking; but it is thereby provided, that no Advantage shall be taken of such Forfeiture, until after personal Notice shall be given by the Treasurer or principal Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors to the Owner or Owners thereof, or until Notice in Writing, signed by the Treasurer or Clerk shall be left at his, her, or their usual or last Place or Places of Abode, nor unless the same shall be declared to be forfeited at some General Meeting of the Committee of Management, within Six Calendar Months next after such Forfeiture shall have been incurred: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have caused a List of the known Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking, to be entered and registered in a Book l^ept in the Office of the principal Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, under the Common Seal of the said Company, intituled, An dlpkabelual Lift of tbt Proprietors of...Shares

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 68. 123.

in the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation, with the Numbers of their Shares, and to be altered from Time to Time as the Proprietorship of such Shares is altered; but in Cases where the original Subscriber for One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking is dead, insolvent, or become Bankrupt, or gone out of the Kingdom, or has transferred his or her Right and Interest to some other Person, and no Register hath been made of the Transfer thereof with the said principal Clerk, as dirtfted by the same Act, it may not be in the Power of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Teafureror Clerk, to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her, or them. Notice or Notices of Calls made on such Share or Shares as required by the said Act, before the fame can be claimed by the said Company to be forfeited, and to maintain any Action or Actions against him, her, or them for the Recovery of the fame, or of the Penalty imposed by the said Act for Non-payment of Calls, or for the Purpose of paying lafely to him, her, or them the Interest and Dividends to which he, she, or they will be entitled to by virtue of the said Act j for remedy of which Defects and Inconveniences, be it further where the enacted, That in Cases where the Right and Property in One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking has parted or shall pass from the from one to Original or other Proprietor thereof to any other Person or Persons, by any other legal Means than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof, which is than by ' already by the said recited Act required to be produced to the principal J^'i'e^ «n Clerk for the Purpose therein mentioned, an Affidavit shall be made and be made and sworn to by some credible Person. before One of His Majesty's Justices of rtgiftemd. the Peace, dating the Manner in which such Share or Shares hath parted, or shall have passed, to such other Person or Persons, and which Affidavit shall be transmitted to the principal Clerk, to the Intent that he may, and he is hereby requited to enter and register the Name or Names of every such new Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Register Book or Alphabetical List of Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That so much of the said recited Act ds provides that no Advantage shall be taken of the Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in the said Navigation and Undertaking, unless the fame shall be declared to be forfeited at some General Meeting of the Committee of Management within Six Calendar Months next after such Forfeiture shall have been incurred, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed

Provided always nevertheless. That no Advantage shall be taken of any Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in the said Navigation and Undertaking,

‘unless the same shall be declared by the said Committee of Management ale some General Meeting of the said Committee to be forfeited.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the Bodies Politick and Corporate, and all and every Person and Persons whole'Namesv are and stand, or shall at any Time hereafter stand in the said Register Book 6r Lift of Proprietors of the said Company, as a Proprietor or Proprietors of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, whether as original Subscribers, or as Successors, Executors, Admin.strators, or Assigns of original Subscribers,

shall be deemed and taken ito he the Proprietors of the several Shares handing id the faitl Book in their respective Names, and shall be subject and liable to the Payment of ail and every Call and Calls made and to be made thereon, and to all Actions, Suits, Forfeitures, and Penalties to which Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking are made subject and liable

No Advantage to be taken of the Forfeiture of a Share, uni-fa declared by the Committee of Management at a Gem neral Meeting.

Other Regulations for ascertaining the Proprietorship of Shares.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

by the said recited Act and this Act , and that all Notices by the said recited Act and this Act required to be given previous to the Forfeitures of Shares to the Proprietors thereof, shall, if given to the Persons appearing by the said Register Book or Books of the said Company to be such Proprietor or Proprietors, or their Representatives, be in all Respect* good, sufficient, and conclusive, and all Payments of Interest and Dividends due and to grow due on any such Shares, shall be made to such Persons as by the said Book or Books of the said Company shall so appear to be Proprietors thereof; and that no Assignment, Transfer, Bargain, or Sale of any Share or Shares, or other Instrument giving Titlb, to any such Share or Shares, which shall not have been brought to the said principal Clerk to be enrolled or registered as directed by the said Act or this Act, shall be given or admitted as Evidence, either to defeat any Action or Suit brought or to be brought by the said Company of Proprietors to recover the said Calls, or to entitle any Person or Persons to recover any Share or Shares forfeited to the Company of Proprietors, or to make the said Company of Proprietors liable to the Payment of Interest or Dividends to any other Person or Persons than such as appear upon the said Book or Books to be Proprietors of the said Shares, but that in all such Cases the said Book or Books shall be considered as sufficient and conclusive Evidence of Proprietorship of the said Shares.

Regulations as

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Pro-Bankrupts01 pri«or of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, hath and certain been or shall be declared Bankrupt, or hath died or shall die Insolvent* other Pei ions. ancj t|jC Assignees, Representatives, or Agents of such Proprietor or Proprietors so become Bankrupt, Or dying Insolvent, or fomc Person Or Pen-fons on his, her, or their Behalf, shall not, within One Year after any Call shall have been made, pay to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors the several Calls ~th‘it have been from Time to Time made, or are become due for, upon, or in respect of any such his, her, or their Share or Shares, all such the fame Share or Shares shall be derimed and taken to be forfeited to the said Company of Proprietors, without any Notice being given to such Bankrupt Proprietor, or hit Assigners, or to the Representatives of the Proprietor who hath died or shall so die Infdl-vent; and that the Committee of Management for the Time being of the said Company of Proprietors, shall and may thereupon in every such Case fell and absolutely dispose of all and every the fame Share or Shares by publick Auction to the best Bidder: Provided, That the Money arising by such Sale (if any) after Payment of the Money due on all Calls made previous thereto, and the Expences of the Sale, and Transfer thereof, shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, to the Assignee Or Assignees of such Bankrupt Proprietor, or the Representatives of such Insolvent deceased Proprietor, as the Case may be, or to some Person or Persons duly authorized on his, her, or their Behalf: Provided, That if there shall be no Bidder for liach Share Or Shares at such Auction for the Sale thereof, then and in such Case the fame shall be dHposed of under the fame Regulations as are her tin mentioned and contained re-fspecting other, forfeited Shares In the fafne Undertaking which have been put. pp; to Agftion in pursuance of the Diteftions of this Act, and not fold for Want of Bidders.

' 11 9u: V ...... J b:- XXXVII. Provided

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 68. 1133

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in ail ifSharescan-Cases where a Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, fink p’ro? shall have incurred a Forfeiture' thereof by Non-payment of the Sum or piietor«Name» Sums called for as aforesaid, and the fame Share or Shares cannot be tl»?Lja.Ut of sold by Atnffion for Want tf Bidders, as jiertin-bt-fore mentioned, as

well such Share or Shares, as also the Shares of Bankrupts or lVrfons dead insolvent, which cannot likewi'e be told by Auction for want of Bidders as aforesaid, shall respectively fink and be annihilated; and the N<me cr Names of such Proprietor or Proprietors, and the Number of such Share or Shares, shall be expunged and (truck out from the Books of the said Company of Proprietors, in case the Committee of Management shall lo think fit.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the p.imipai

said principal Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors (with the Con- *P*

sent i.f the said Committee of Management, to be given at any General pU,y. Meeting of such Committee) by any Writing under his Hand, to appoint

One or more Deputy or Deputies; and all Acts required to be done by the said principal Clerk, and all Notices and Processcs which by the said Act may be served upon the said principal Clerk, shall be equally good.

Valid, bihding, and effectual, it done by or served upon such Deputy or Deputies.

XXXIX. And whereas by the said recited Act, the Time of tire Gene- Appointing

ral Quarterly Meetings of the Committee of Management are to he appointed by the said Comin'ttee at the preceding General Quarterly Meet- nerai Meetings, and it may fomerme* happen that no such Appointment may be f0^"

made, be it further tnadied. That in calc no Time shall he appointed by nagement, the said Committee at any General Quarterly Meeting, for holding the when the then next General Quarterly Meeting, in such Cate the principal Clerk to p,*"%'* "he the said Company shall and may appoint the Trme and Place for holding prtc ding one. tl e next General Quarterly Meeting of the Lid Committee some Time

in the Months of September, December, Alarth, or June respectively, as the Ctfc shall require; and also that the said principal Clerk, at the Ke-qurfitVori in Writing of any Three or more of the said Committse, of whom the Chiifmaii (if there lira)I be One) shall be One, or of any hive of tl c laid Committee with or without the C airman, shall and may at any Time or Time’s convt ne a Meeting of the said Committee of Management, for any f; ecial Purpose, to be held at such Time and Place, or Tin es and Places, as fh .11 be ment oned in such Requisition: Provid d, That the like Notice Ufa 11 be given of such Meeting in any *uch Cafe, as is by the said recited Act required to be given or the holding o( General Quarterly Meetings.

XL. And whereas, in and' by the said recited Act, it is declared, yanfe'infor That if any Person being a Member of the Committee of Management mer A ‘i r»-" thereby d'rected to b~ annually chosen, should neglect to attend at Three the

(ucciflivt Meetings of the said Committee, without fending what should ihrMemher* be th( ught a tufticirnt Excule, in the Opinion of the Members pretent at of/h* Com. the lait ot fush Three Meetings, or thr major Part of them, or artend- nagement.Mj" ing any Meeting should refute to act in the Business there brinient forward, eve f such Perfort should from thenceforth cease to be a Member of such Committee, and all his Power and Authority cs such should be at an End: And whereas it may have happened that some of the Com-\_Loc ’Per.] 14 K mittee

1234-

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

mittee of Management chosen annually as aforesaid, have not attended at Three successive Meetings and have not sent an Excuse, and have afterwards acted as Committee Men in the Execution of the said recited Act: And whereas it is conceived it will be to the Benefit and Advantage of the said Undertaking, if so much of the said recited Acc as relates to the Non-attendance of any of the Members of the Committee of Management for Three successive Meetings should be repealed, and that the lub-sequent Acts of any of the Members who may have omitted to attend for Three successive Meetings should be confirmed; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as disqualifies any Member of the Committee of Management from acting as such for Non-attendance at Three successive Meetings of such Committee, shall be and the fanw i3 hereby repealed: Provided nevertheless, That all Acts and Proceedings which shall have been done and peifoimed by any Member of the Committee of Management chosen under the said recited Act, who may have omitted to attend fur Three successive Meetings or such Committee of Management, and afterwards have attended and aftrd as such at subsequent Meetings in the Execution of the said recited Act, shall be as valid and effectu il to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Member, had not omitted to attend for Three successive Meetings as aforesaid; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

For calling

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case Proprietors, whose Shares SpcdalM^- shall amount to One hundred at least, shall fend a Requisition in Writ-Propdctor'. >ng under their Hands to the principal Clerk for the Time being, requiring him to call a Special Meeting of the Proprietors at large, in order to take their Opinion respecting any Matter or Thing concerning the said Navigation, to be specified in such Requisition, that then and in such Case the said Clerk shall, and is hereby authorized and requ red to give Notice by Advertisement for the Proprietors to meet at a c-rtain Time and Place therein to be mentioned and fixed, in like Manner as in the said recited Act is directed for holding Special Meetings of the Proprietors, in pursuance of any Order or Resolution of the Committee of Management, to take into Confldcration such Matters and Things as shall be specified and set forth in such Requifnion; and the Dicifion and Determination of the Proprietors present at such Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall be binding and conclusive upon the Rest of the Proprietors, in like Manner and Form as in Cases of such Special Meetings of the Proprietors which shall or may be held under or in pursuance of any Order or Resolution of the Committee of Management of the said Canal.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who hath or have already subscribed to take any new Share or Shares to be created by this Act, or who shall hereafter subscribe to take any such Share or Shares, shall pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed, or to be subscribed, or such Parc or Parts thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the Committee of Management of the said Company of Proprietors, by virtue of the Puwers and pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act and this Act, at such Times and Places as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Committee in the Manner in the said recited Act and herein-before mentioned and

For compel-lit g Payment of Mibfcrip-tioixs-

12 3S

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the Sum or Sums so to be called for from him, her, or them, at tneTime and in Manner to be appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sue for and recover the fame in any Court of Law at Westminster, either by Action of Debt, or on the Cale.

XLIII. And whereas the said Company were in and by the said Act Defa-ibing authorized and empowered, in case the Company of Proprietors of the xe'minatfon, Kennel and Avon Canal should, within the Space of Three Years from of the Canal, the passing of the said Act, obtain an Act of Parliament enabling them to deviate from the Line originally laid down for their said Canal, from a Place between Upper and Lower Foxhanger, in the Parish of Rowd, in the said County of Wills, to that Part of Ladydown Farm, near Trowbridge, in the same County, where the said Wilts and Berks Canal, thereby authorized to be made, was intended to join the said Kennel and Avon Canal, and instead thereof, to carry their said Canal from the said Place, between Upper and Lower Foxhanger, into the said Wilts and Beiks Canal, so as to form a Junction therewith, in a Close of Meadow Ground near Semington, in the said County of Wilts, belonging to his Grace the Duke of Somerset (and to which Junction the said Company of Proprietors of the said Wilts and Berks Canal should be deemed and taken to be conferring without any farther Application to them for that Purpose) and if the said Company of Proprietors of the Kennel and Avon Canal should make and execute their said Canal accordingly, and complete and open the said new Line for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels from the said Place between Upper and Lower Foxhanger to the Junction with the said Wilts and Berks Canal, in the said Close of Meadow Ground near Semington, within Seven Years after obtaining such Act of Parliament, then the said Company of Proprietors of the said Wilts and Brks Canal were in and by their said Act directed, immediately upon and after the opening of such new Line, at the Costs and Charges of the said Company of Proprietors of the Kenntt and Avon Canal, effectually to convey over so much of the said Wilts and Berks Canal as should extend from the said Junction of the Two Canals near Semington, to the Junction thereof at Ladydown Farm aforesaid, and all the Land and other Appurtenances in the said Act specified and set forth, unto and to the Use of the said Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal, and their Successors, in such Manner and by such sufficient Conveyances as they should think necessary, to the End that the whole Line of Canal or Communication by Warer from Newbury to Bath, might from thenceforth be One and the fame Concern only, and not belong to different Proprietors, and be subject to different Regulations; and that in Consideration thereof, the said Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal should, upon the Execution of such Conveyances, repay unto the said Company of Proprietors of the said Wilts and Berks Canal, the several Sum and Sums of Money and at the several Times and in Manner mentioned and set forth in the said recited Act: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal, soon after the passing the said recited Act, in pursuance of the Power and Authority to them thereby given, agreed wi h the said Company of Pioptietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal, that instead of the said Line of Canal between the said Meadow Ground near Semington, and the said first intended Junction in Lady-

down

1236

Describing the fcrmi-n-vtion of the Cahit and Chip tub am Branches.

Application ot Comp 1 ft-tion. vrbere exceeding a 00 /.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

d wn Farm being made and executed by the said Company of Proprietori of the Wilts and Berk> Canal, to give up the same to the said Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal, and the said Company of Pr pnetors of the Kennet and Avon Canal agreed, at their own Colb and Charges, to make and execute the lame ii Manner therein mention'd, and to obtain an Act of Parliament to enable them so to do: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal did, in pursuance f the said recited Act, and the said Agreement so made with the said Proprietors of the said Wilts and Berks Canal as aforesaid, within the Time therein specified, apply for and obtain an Act to vary and alter the Line of their said Canal as aforesaid, and at their own Costs and Charges have begun to make and execute, complete and open their Lid Canal accordingly, and the said new Line for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vtficls, as in the said Act is mentioned and described, within the Time, in the Manner, and upon the Terms therein expressed, so that the Termination of the said Wilts and Berks Canal, and Junction with the said Kennet and Avon Canal, is now in a Close of Meadow Ground at or near Semington, called Fan Houjc Ground, and not at or near the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts, as mentioned in the said Act; be it therefore cnaftrd. That the Termination of the said Wilts and Berks Canal on the West End thereof, and the Junction with the said Kennet and Avon Canal, shall, and the fame is hereby declared to be in the said Close of Meadow Ground, called Tan House Ground, at or near Semingtcn aforesaid, as the fame is now made.

XLIV. And whereas Doubts have arisen under the said recited Act, as to the Termination of the respective Cuts or Branches to the Towns of Caine and Chippenham, thereby rel'peftive-ly authorized to be made; and in order to remove such Doubts, and to ascertain the fame, be it further en fttd, That the Termination of the said Cut or Branch of the said Canal to the Town of Chippenham, shrill be, and the fame is hereby declared to be in or near the Scitc of a Dwelling House and Gardens in the said Town of Chippenham, belonging to Ka’pb Hale Galy Gentleman, and now in the several Occupations of John Sidford, Samuel Dowland, and H'iHiam Boiv/her, some or One of them; and thac the Terminaiion of the Lid Cut or Branch of the said Canal to the said Town of Caine, shall b , and the fame is hereby declared to be, at or near the Pound t.r Dam of a certain Mill, situate in the said Town of Caine, called or known by the Name of Abe Town Mill, belonging to the Mull Honourable the Marquis of Lanfdcwm.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purcluf-d, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Coverr, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Act particul »r‘y mentioned, such Money shall, in case the fame rtiall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Wilts and Berks Canal, together with the Name or Names

4.i° GEORGti III Cap. 68. ittf

Names of such Person or Persons as Three of the Commissioners for execoting the said Act and this Act shall, by Writing signed by them, direct and appoint, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signifiexl by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, afftfting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments* or acting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes 5 or where such Monty shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like \Jfes, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be eliding undetermined and capable of taking Efifeft; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchife of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities $ and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenemen s* and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- "^'reth‘. ments purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong- don'm t*x-ing to any Corporation or to any Person or Persons under Disability or <*«i»oo/.nor Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred leis f 3n J0 " Pound*, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid a: the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominaiing and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money,

[L«r. (i? Per.] 14 L and

1238 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner here-in-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions and Clauses of this Act shall, in the Execution of the said recited Act, be used, applied, and construed, so far as the same are applicable, in like Manner as if the fame were specially enacted in the said Act 5 and all and every the Provisions and Clauses of the said recited Act shall, in the Ex? ecution of this Act, except where the same are hereby expressly varied, be used and applied, extended and condirued, in like Manner as if the fame Provisions and Clauses (except as aforesaid) were specially enacted in this Act.

Expences of

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of the Act to be obtaining and passing this Act, and all other Cods, Charges, and Ex- ‘ pences concerning the same, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors, by and out of the fii d Money that shall come to their Hands after the Day of passing this Act, by virtue hereof or by virtue of the said recited Act.

Publ'ickAa. L. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall ke deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons a'c hereby required to take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

» K>IiM

Provisions of the former Act confirmed.

Application where the Money is less than so /.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for further continuing the Duties, and altering the Powers, granted by Four Acts, made in the Fifthand Twenty-fifth Years of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third and Eighteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of preamble. His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act Act 5 G.s. II,

to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York, whereby there were given and granted a Duty of One Halfpenny for every Chaldron of Coals laden on board any Vessel at or in the Port of NeiucaJlle-upon-Tyne, or at Sunderland, or any other Port or Place reputed a Member of the said Port of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to be payable until the Twenty-fourth' Day of yune One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three; and also several other Duties in the said Act mentioned, upon certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize landed in or shipped off from the said Port of Scarborough, which were to have Continuance until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; all which Duties the said Act directed to be paid to the Bailiffs and Burgesses of Scarborough, to be applied for the Purpose of enlarging,

Cap. 69.

\_Loc. fs5 Per.~]

14 M

emending.

1242

»5 Cre. II

; Gn. Ill,

and

j8 Geo. III. recited.

41° GEORGII lit. Cap. 6q.

extending, improving, and repairing the said Pier and Harbour: And whereas an Abt was made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty to explain, amend, and make more effectual thq said former Act, whereby Provision was made for taking the Powers created by the said former Act out of the Hands of the said Bailiffs and Burgesses, and vesting the fame inTruliees, named therein and to be appointed in pursuance thereof: And wherrasan Act was made in the third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for continuing the Duties and enlarging the Powets granted by ttie said Two former Acts, whereby the aforesaid Duty upon Coals was continued from and after the Expiration of the then existing Term thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty Years: And whereas an Act was made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty for continuing the Duties and enlarging the Powers granted by the said Three former Acts, whereby the aforesaid Duty upon Coals, and also the said Duty upon certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as aforesaid, were continued from and after the Expiration of the then existing Term thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty Years: And whereas the Term for which the said several Duties are payable will expire on the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three: And whereas the said Harbour hath been greatly improved, and for enlarging and making the same extensively useful a new Pier was begun and is now carrying on at a very large Annual Expence, which Pier when finished will render the said Harbour more safe and commodious than it now is, and will be of the greatest Advantage and Security to Trade, and of publick Utility; but for as much as the said new Pier cannot be completed, and the othep Works done which from Time to Time must become necessary to keep the said Harbour in sufficient Repair for the future, unless the said Duties be continued for a further Term of Years, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by The Duties the Authority of the same, That the said Duty on Coals, and also the said Act^url.6 Did Duty upon Goo.ls, Wares, and Merchandize, as the same are now therconti- respectively payable, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be continued from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, for and during the further Term of Twenty Years; and that so much and such Part of the aforesaid Four several recited Acts, and all and Angular the Powers and Authorities thereby respectively given, and all and every the Claul'es, Provisoes, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained as is or are now in Force, shall, for collecting, levying, recovering, managing, disposing of, securing, and accounting for the Duties hereby granted or continued, and the Duties which may be in Arrear under the said former Acts, or any of them, and for the managing, enlarging, improving, and repairing the said Pier and Harbour, and to that End, for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures mentioned in the said recited Acts, or any of them, and for other the Purposes of this Act, be continued and be in full Force during the said extended Term, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the iame were particularly and at large repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this pre ent Act: And whereas by the said Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty it ti°ealurer's'hf *s directed that all Accounts, dated and signed by the Commissioners at

their

nurd for Twenty Years.

For altering the Time of

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 69. 1243

their publick Meetings, shall, at every Quarter Sessions to be holden for the North Riding of the County of York next after Chrifhnas or Michaelmas, be the garter produced to His Majesty's Justices of the Peace then and there present, Sessiom. for their Inspection and Allowance: And whereas it may be convenient that the fame should be done ac the Easter Sessions, be it therefore further enacted, That the said Accounts shall and may be produced and allowed either attheChriJlmas, E ’Jier, or Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, as shall be most convenient for the Treasurer or other proper Officer; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expencei in and For p»ving the about obtaining and passing this Act, shall, as loon as the fame can be hiVaS?*4 conveniently done, be paid out of any Monies already arisen by virtue of the said former Acts, or out of the nrft Monies to arise by virtue thereof, or of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, the

and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as A ub 14 such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without spe-

cially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 70.

An Act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal, to extend the said Canal from the Whitchurch Branch thereof, at or near certain Water Corn Mills, called 7he New Mills, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to, and to communicate with, the Chester Canal, in the Township of Stoke, in the Parish of AElon, in the County of Chester; and for altering and amending the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Ellesmere Canal.

[20th fune 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and main-tainin? a Navigable Canalfrom the River Severn, at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chcltcr, and also for makirg and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, certain Persons therein named, together with such other Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, as should be nominated and appointed in Manner therein mentioned, were united [Loc. Ss’ Per.] 44 N into

Prenmblt. }} Cm. HI,

1246

41° GEORGII III. Cap.-jo.

into One Body Corporate by th'e Name and Stile of The Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal, and were authorized and empowered to make, complete, and maintain a Canal, navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from and out of the Riven Sawn, within the Liberties of the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to unite with the River Mersey, at or near Net her pool, in the County of Chester; and also to make, complete, and maintain several Collateral Navigable Cuts, to branch from and out of the said Canal, as In the said Art mentioned: And whereas by an Art made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of 36 Crc.Ill.and His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the ‘Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 'An

A8 for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn,

at Shrewsbury in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near

Netherpool in the County of Chester; and also for making and maintaining ‘ certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, and for varying and

altering certain Parts of the Whitchurch Line of the said Canal and Col/a-

feral Cuts, and for extending the fame from Franc kton Common to Sherry-

man's Bridge, in the Parish of Whitchurch in the said County of Salop,

‘ and for making and maintaining everal other Branches and Collateral Cuts

to communicate therewith,' the said Company of Proprietors were authorized and empowered to vary and alter the Line of the said Canal and Cuts between Franckton Common and Whitchurch, in the fame Art mentioned, and to make, extend, and maintain several new Branches to communicate therewith; and the Powers given by the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were, by the said Art of the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, varied, enlarged, and amended, in fitch Manner as therein mentioned: And whereas by the said Art of the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, dertaih Powers and Authorities in the said Art of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, contained, so far as the fame related to a Junction between the said Whitchurch Branch of the said Ellesmere Canal, and a certain Canal Navigation, called The Chester Canal, wtre repealed i and it was, by the said Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, enacted, that proper Surveys, Levels, and Estimates should, as soon as conveniently might be after the passing of the fame Art, be made and taken of the Country lying between the said Whitchurch Branch of the said Ellesmere Canal and the said Ctefter Canal, by Engineers to be nominated and appointed as therein mentioned, who were directed to make and dellver Rich Reports concerning the same as in the said Art mentioned; and the said Company of Proprietors of the said Ell-finer t Canal were thereby required, withinTwo Years nextafter the Commenameat of the said Art, in case such Reports should have been made in Mar.ner therein-before mentioned, to apply for and rife their best Endeavours 10 obtain an Art of Parliament to authorize and empower them to make, complete, and maintain, at their own Costs and Charges, such Cut or Canal as and for a Junction between the said Whitchurch Branch of the said Ellesmere Canal and the said Chrfter Canal, and in such Line or Coutfc, Manner, Extent, Width, and other Dimensions as should by the said Report be described and approved of as mod lit and expedient, and most for the mutual Interest and Advantage of the Companies of Proprietors of the said Two Canals, or which might tie othrerwife agreed upon between the said

another as Companies for effecting such Junction as aforesaid: And whereas by an

36 hi, Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ted- intituled,

1247

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the This ly-tkird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for making and ‘ maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at Shrewsbury in the County of Salop, to the River Me r Icy, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester j and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral

Cuts from the said intended Canal, and for varying and altering certain Parts

of the Course of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts between Ruabon and

Chester, and for extending the fame, and for making and maintaining several

other Branches and Collateral Cats to comnuuicate therewith the said Company of Proprietors of the said EUefmere Canal were authorized and empowered to vary the Line of the said Canal and Cuts between Ruabon and the City of Chester, in the said Act mentioned, and to make, extend, and maintain, several new Branches to communicate therewith, and the Powers given by the said herein-bcfo'e recited Acts of the Thirty-third and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were, by the said Act of the Thircy.frxth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, now in recital, extended, varied, enlarged, and amended, in such Manner as therein mentioned: And whereas in pursuance of the said first-recited Act of the Thirry-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for varying the Line of the said Canal from Franckton Common aforesaid, to Sherryman’s Bridge aforesaid, proper Surveys, Levels, and Estimates, have been made and taken of the Country lying between the said Whitchurch Branch of the said EUefmere Canal and the said Chester Canal, by Engineers appointed for that Purpose, who have made and delivered in such Report as by the said Act directed; and it appears, upon such Survey, that the most proper and convenient Method for effecting the said Communication between the said Whitchurch Branch of the said EUefmere Canal and the said Chester Canal, will be by making such additional Cue or Canal as herein-afeer mentioned, which will promote and facilitate the Iruercourse of Trade and Commerce between the several Places in the Neighbour hood of such additional Cue or Canal, and wiil be of great publick Utility; but the fame cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: And whereas it is requisite that some of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts should be altered; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Company of Proprietors of the EUefmere Canal shall be, and Power to they are hereby authorized and empowered, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, at their own proper Costs and Charges, and by B anch of the and out of any Money already raised or received, or hereafter to be raised cMfer or received, by virtue of the said several herein-brforc recited Acts, or any Canal, of them, to make, extend, complete, and maintain a new Branch from the said Whit churn h Branch of the said EUefmere Canal, or from the Place where the laape is intended to pass, at or near certain Water Corn Mills, called The New Mills, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to, and to communicate with, the said Chester Canal, in the Townlhjp of Stoke, in the Parish of Aden, in the County of Chester, with such Trenches,

Feeders, and other Works and Conveniences as may be requisite for the Use of such intended new Branch of the fnd Canal, and under such Provisoes, Limitations, and Rdlridtions, as herein-after mentioned, contained, or referred unto, which said additional Branch or Extension of the said EUefmere Canal is intended to be made or to pafc through the several Paddies,

12

4# 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

fifties, Chapejries, Liberties, Townships, Hamlets, and Places herein-after mentioned; that is to say, the.Lid Parish of Whilthunb, in the Counties of Salop and Chester, the several Townships of Doddington, Whitiburch, and Hinton, in the said County of Salop, the several P.rilhes of Malpas, IVren-bury, Baddiley, and Alton, in the said County of Chester, and the several Townships, Hamlets, or Places of ‘Tufloingham-cum-Grindley, Bickley, IVirf-wall. Mar bury-cum-^uoijley, Marbury, Norbury, JVrenbury-cum-Frith, Baddiley, Burland, Hurled on, and Stoke, in the said County of Chester; and so°rme7Ac«to l^c ^a'c* Company of Proprietors of the said Ellesmere Canal, their Depu-cxtcndtothis, ties. Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, are hereby authorized and empowered to make, erect, execute, do, and perform all such W< rks, Matters, and Things, as shall be requisite and convenient for making, completing, and maintaining the said additional Branch and Extension of the said Ellesmere Canal, hereby authorized to be made, and the Navigation thereof, and for supplying the fame with Wattr, and shall have, use, exercise, and enjoy the like Ways, Passages, Powers, and Authorities, upon and in respect of the Lands through which the said additional Branch and Extension of the said Ellesmere Canal shall be made; and shall and may ask, demand, take, and recover, to and for the Use and Bchoot of the said Company of Proprietors of the said Ellesmere Canal, such and the like Tonnage, Rates, and Duties, upon all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Coal, .'-tone, Timber, and other Things which shall be conveyed upon or through any Parc of the said additional Branch or Extension of the la d Ellesmere Canal, subject to such Powers for varying and altering the fame, as in the said several before recited Acts of the Thirty-third and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, granted and contained, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, at the fame Company of Proprietors are authorized and empowered to do, execute, perform, use, alk, demand, take, recover, and enjoy, under and by virtue of the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of Hit present Majesty, or of the said Two several Acts of the Thiriy-fixdi Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in rel'ped to the Canal and Collateral Cuts, and the several Works thereby respectively authorized to be made; and the said Company, their Agents, Servants, Workmen, and Labnureu, and the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said Act of the J hirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate and Sole, Hulbtnds, Guardians, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trust fir charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors, and Administratcri, anti all and every other Trustees, Person and Persons whomsoevtr, shall have and be friled, possessed of, and is and are hereby inverted with such and the like ElUtes, Authorities, Powers, Abilities, Interests, Privileges, and Advan ages, and shall be, and is and are hereby made subject and liable to such and the likeRates, Taxes, Compensations for Tythes, Rules, Conditions, Direction1, Regulations, Restrictions, Controuk, Payments, Penalties, Forftiturei, Punishments, and Benefit of Appeal, in relation to the making, Execution, Completion, and Government of the said additional Branch and Extension of the said Ellesmere Canal, by this Act authorized to be made, completed, and maintained, as are mentioned, given, granted, prescribed, established, and directed to be inflicted in and by the said Act, made in the Thirty-third Yrar of the Ktign of His present Majesty, and by the said Two fcvoral Acts of the Thirty-fixih Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to every Intent and Purposp

what-

[I

41° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 76.

124

whatsoever; and that the said several recited Acts, and all the Clauses,

Powers, Provisoes, Authorities, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Limitations, Restrictions, Prohibitions, Directions, Exemptions, Indemnities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Matters, and Things in the said respective Acts contained, for making, completing, repairing, preserving, and maintaining the Canal and Collateral Cuts, and other Works thereby respectively authorized to be made, shall, so far as the Nature and Circumstances of the Cafe will adihit, extend, and are hereby extended to, and shall take Effect, operate, and be put in Execution, and shall be used and exercised by the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be applied and enforced in, by, and for, and in respect of the making, completing, repairing, preserving, maintaining, and using the said additional Branch and Extension of the said Ellefmcre Canal, and the several Works, Mar- ters, and Things by this Act authorized to be made, done, and performed, and for the Punishment of Offences in relation thereto, and for the purchasing, felling, and conveying of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and ascertaining the Value thereof, and for the determining and assefiing of Damages, and all other Matters and Things which shall relate to, or happen or arise by, or in consequence of the making, completing, repairing, maintaining, and using the said additional Branch and Extension of the said Ellesmere Canal, and the other Works hereby authorized to be made, done, and executed, and shall also be used and exercised by the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Mines, and Hereditaments, lying near to the said additional Branch and Extension of the said Ellesmere Canal, hereby authorized to be made; and that the fame Persons who are or have been, or may be appointed Commissioners in relation to the putting the said recited Acts of the Thirty-third and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty into Execution, shall be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and the said several Acts of the Thirty-third and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty herein-before recited or referred unto, shall, so far as the Nature and Circumstances of the Cafe will admir, extend, and are hereby extended to, and shall take Effect, operate, and be put in Execution, and be used, exercised, applied, and enforced, in the same Manner, and as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Authorities,

Orders, Rules, Regulations, Limitations, Restrictions, Prohibitions, Di-fedltcns, Exemptions, Indemnities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments

Matters, and Things contained in the said several recited Acts, of thfc Thirty-third and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were herein repeated and re-enacted, and as if the said additional Branch and Extension of the said Ellesmere Canal, and the other Works by this Act authorized to be made, completed, and maintained, had been Part of the said Cana), Collateral Cuts, and other Works by the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by the said Two several recited Acts of the Thirty-sixth Year of the keign of His present Majesty, authorized to be made, completed, and maintained, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect from the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in any Action to be brought by HowtheCom-the said Company of Proprietors of the said Ellefmcre Canal, under the

Powers of the said several herein-before recited Acts of the Thirty-third paid on Calls, and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this

[Ler. & iV.J

14 0

Act,

1250

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

Act, against any Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares of and in the said Canal, to recover the Amount of any Sum or Sums of Money now due or payable, or which Ih ill or may hereafter become due or payable from him, her, or them, for or by reason of any Cali or Cdls made by virtue of any of the said several herein-before reciied Acts, or of this Act, it (Trail be sufficient for t e said Company < f Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to declare and alltdge, that lueh Defendant or Defendants being a Proprietor or Proprietors of such or so many Share or Shares (as the Case may happen to be) of and in the said Canal, is or are indebted to the said Company of Proprietors of the said E’lefmere Canal, in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls so in Atrear shall amount unto, for such or so many Call or Calls of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money, upon such or so many Shaie or Shares belonging to such Defendant or Defendants, (as the Calc may happen to b;) duly made upon such Defendant or Defendants, according to the Authority of the said several herein-before recited Acts, whereby an Action accrued to the said Company of Proprietors of the said Ellesmere Cana), by virtue of the fame Acts, without letting forth the speciul Matter; any Thing in the fame Acts contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that no such Aulion shall be brought by the said Company of Proprietors of the said Ellesmere Canal against any Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares of and in the said Canal, until Notice in wriiing be given by the Treasurer or Treasurtrs, Clerk or Clerks of the said Company of Proprietors to the Owner or Owners thereof, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House, or usual or lass Place of Abode, Two Calendar Months next before such Action shall be brought, and in which Notice shall be contained a Statement and exact Account how much Money is due from such Owner or Owners lor his, her, or their Call or Calls, in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Ellesmere Canal; and that after such Notice given or less as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to prove on the Trial of such Action any other Notice given of such Call or Calls, by virtue of the said several herein-before recited Acts; any Thing contained in the fame Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Penalty soir lit. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall water from wilfully llufh or draw off, or cause to be flulhed or drawn off, the Water the Trenches from any of the Watercourses, Trenches, or Feeders made use of, or to the Canal.t0 ma^c use of, for the Purpose of supplying with Water the said C.inal and Collateral Cuts, hereby or by the said several herein-before recited Acts of the Thirty-third and Thirty-sixth Yeats of the Reign of His present Majesty authorized to be made, or any of them, all and every Person and Persons so offending, shall be subject and liable to such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures, to be recovered in like Manner as by the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty are directed, in calc of the wilfully throwing any Ballad or Rubbish into the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, or opening any Lock, Gate, Valve, or Clough belonging thereto, or fiulhing or drawingoff any of the Water therefrom.

Three Plant

IV. And whereas such Survey as aforesaid has been made to ascertain Reference5,of Pra'^‘ca*3‘^ty of making the said additional Branch and Extension of Dull be figued the

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 70. 1251

the said Ellesmere Canal and Works hereby authorized to be made, and a fftl'

Map or Plan, with a proper Book of Reference thereto, hath been made «f clmmom. in consequence thereof, in order to shew the Lhe or Couife of such intendrd additional Branch and Extension of and from the same Canal, and the various Diflarces from Plate to Place, so far as they afledt the Property of each Individual through which they pals, and the Extents and Particulars of the Whole; be it therefore further enabled. That there shall be Three Parts made of the said Map or Plan, and the Book cf Reference thereto, which shall be certified by the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons, and One Part of each of the said Plans and Books of Reference shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Salop-, another with the Clerk of the Peace For the said County of Chester , and another with the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors of the said Elle/tnerl Canal; to any of which Maps, Plans, and Books of Reference, all Persons shall have Liberty ro resort and examine, or make Extracts or Copies thertfrofn, as Occasion shall require, paying to the said respective Clerks for Copies of, or Extracts from the said Book of Reference, ‘after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words; and the said Maps or Plans, and Books of Reference so certified, or true Copies thereof, shall be and are hereby declared to be good Evidence in all Courts of Law or elsewhere, and the Clerk for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors, upon Twenty-one Days Notice to him given for that Purpose, shall and is hereby required, from Time to Time, to produce the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference to be deposited with him as aforesaid, before the Commissioners for putting into Execution the said several recited Acts and this Act, or any Jury or Juries to be impannelled by virtue of any of the said Acts, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, in order that the fame may then and there be given in Evidence, such Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors having a reasonable Sum of Money allowed for his travelling Expences, Absence from Home, and Attendance on such Occasions.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors Not to deviate of the said EHefmcrc Canal, in making the said additional Branch and [l1°dmd,0h^nLII^t Extension of and from the said Ellefmtre Canal, hereby authorized to be the Plan, made, shall not deviate from the Course or Direction delineated in the said Map or Plan respectively and set forth in the said Book of Reference, without the Approbation or Confem in Writing, signed by the Person or Persons to whom such Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, do or shall respectively belong; but nothing herein contained shall ex’end to restrain or prevent the said Company of Proprietors from making any Deviation from the said Course or Direction of the said additional Branch and Ex-tension thereof, hereby authorized to be made, in case all the Persons to whom the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments to be cut through or made use of for the Purpose of such Deviation shall belong, shall consent thereto in Manner and Form aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That ^T°rs the said Company of Proprietors of the said EUefmere Canal, shall and £!ne not to

may p«veni the ' making the Canal.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

may make the said intended additional Branch and Extension of the fame Canal hereby authorized to be made, into, through, across, or over the Estates, Lands, or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, whose Name or Names shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the Lid Commis-Boners, and be by them, or any Seven or more of them, certified under their Hands to have been by Mistake omitted in the said Plan or Book of Reference, or any of them, or across any Roads, Brooks, or Rivulets, which shall so appear, and be certified to have been omitted by Mistake in Manner aforesaid; and also where it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, and be by them, or any Seven or more of them, certified as aforesaid, that, instead of the Name or Names of tha Owner or Owners of such Estates, Lands, or Grounds, the Name or Names of fomc other Person or Persons to whom such last-mentioned Estates, Lands, and Grounds do not belong, hath or have been inferred by Mistake in such Maps or Plans, and Books of Reference; any Thing herein, or in the said several before recited Acts contained to the contrary thereof in anytvife notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors of the said Ellesmere Canal, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take, ole* injure, or damage, for the Purposes of the said additional Branch and Extension; or for any other of the Purposes aforesaid, any Mansion House or other Building which was ereCled or built on or before the First Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-ihree, or any Land or Ground which on the said Fit ft Day of January was set apart and used as or for a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners or Occupiers thereof respectively, other than and except One Garden lying and being in the Township and Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, be* longing to Margaret Rowe, and in the Occupation of John Rowe i and all'o except Three Gardens and a Farm Yard, respectively lying and being in the Township of Wrtnhury-cun-Frith, in the Parish of Wrenbury, in the County of Chester, belonging to Sir Robert Salisbury Cotton Baronet, and in the several Occupations of Joseph Wright, Thomas Chesters, James Aintfon, and James Pool', and also except Three other Gardens and One Orchard and Hemp Yard, lying and being in the Lid Township of Wrenbury-cum-Frilb, and Parish of Wrenbury aforesaid, belonging to Thomas Starkey Esquire, and in the several Occupations of John Vernon, Richard Morton, James Hcjkis, and William Bickerton; and also except a Plantation upon Wrenbury Heath, in the Township of Wrenbary-cum-Frith, and Parish of Wrenbury aforesaid, belonging to and in the Occupation of the said Thomas Starkey, and also except One Messuage or Dwelling House, fuuatein the Township and Parish of Baddilley, in the Lid County of Chester, belonging to William Rigby Esquire, and now in Lease to George Stockley, and in the Occupation of William Aimfon; and also except One other Garden or Orchard, in the Township of Burland and Parish of AClon, in the said County of Chester, belonging to Henry Tomktnjon Esquire, and in the Occupation of Robert Cawley, and also except One other Garden, in the said Township of Burland and Parish of Avion, belonging to and in the Occupation of James HaJftH\ and all'o except One other

Garden,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

Garden, In the said Township of Burland and Pafilh of After, belonging to and in the Occupation of Daniel Lloyd; and also except a Dwell* ing House and a Garden, in the Township of Burland and Panlb of Alton aforesaid, belonging to the Trustees of Allen School, or to the Reverend Joseph Davenport, as the present School mailer thereof, and in the Occupation or the said James Hafftll, which arc meant and intended to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to enable, authorize* or empower the said Company of Proprietors, or any Agents, Workmen, Servants, or any other Person or Persons employed by or for them, or any of them, by any Ways or Devices whatsoever, to take into the said Cut or Canal hereby authorized to be made, or into any Part thereof, any Brook, Rivet, Spring, Watercourse, or Stream of Water, now running, flowing, or passing to, or which hath usually supplied, either wholly or in Part, the Mills commonly called Darnball Mills, situate in Darnball, in the Panlh of Whit/gate, in the said County of Chester, whereof Thomas Gorlett, of Darnball aforesaid, Esquire, is Tenants for Life, and William Gorbett, of Richmond in the County of Surrey, Esquire, is Tenant in Tail in Remainder expectant on the Determination of the Estate for Life of the said Thomas Corbett , or otherwise to divert from the said Mills, or to alter or change the usual Course or Coursea of any such Brook, Stream, or Watercourse as last-aforesaid, without the special Licence and Consent in Writi g of him the said Thomas Corbett, or his Assigns during his L fe, and of the said William Corbett; his Heirs or Assigns, to be signified under their Hands and Seals respectively, full had and obtained for that Purpose.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Exchanges, of or concerning any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act for the Purposes thereof, and which shall be Copyhold or of the Nature of Copyhold, 0ia.ll be executed and completed by Surrender thereof in the Court of the Manor of which the same are holdtn, according to the Custom of such Manors and such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall continue subject to the fame Fines, Rents, and Services as are due and payable and of Right accustomed, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made. Unlcis the Loid or Lords of the Manor for the Time being shall be de-ftrous of enfranchising the fame; in which Cafe such Lord or Lords is and are hereby empowered so to do, notwithstanding he or they shall be seised of or entitled to the fame Manor for a leis Interest than an Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple; but, inasmuch as the veiling and continuing of such Copyhold Premises in the said Company as a Body Corporate would prtvent such Lord or Lords from receiving such Benefit of Fines, Heriots, and other Services due upon Death, Ddcenr, or Alienation, in like Manner as he or they would have done in case such Copyhold Pre-miles had continued to be the Property of Persons in their natural Capacities, and in case the said Lord or Lords of the said Manor shall decline to enfranrhife the respective Parcels of Copyhold Land held of the

[Ltff. & Per.] 14 P said

US 3

Not to injure or affect the Waters of Damhali»

Respetfing

Copyholds*

*54

Application of Cum.-ci.la ti.rn, where exceeding sow/.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

fmd Manor, which shall bt purchased by or verted in the said Company for tftd Purports aforesaid, he Or they shall be entitled to and shall be paid by the said Company a reasonable Rrcompence and Satisfaction n>r the Lois that will arite to him or them in respect to Inch Fine*, He»i its, and other Services, the Enjoyment of which will be diminished or loft by the veiling and continuing of !uch Copyhold Premises in Body Corporate, which llecompence and Sacisfaftiun, and also the Appointment of the certain Copyhold Rents issuing out of loch Copyhold Tenements, of which a Part only shall be taken for the Use of the said Cunal, if not settled by Agreement between the Parties, shall be aft errained and settled by the Commissioners, in such Manner, and subject to such Verdictt of a Jury, if required, as is directed by the said drib recited Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to bfe paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recked Ada and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Perious under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the lame shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, wkb all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court Of Chancery, to be placed to his Account tie parte the Ellrfmere Canal, together with the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as Three of the Commissioners for executing the said Acts and this Act, shall, by Writing signed by them, direct and appoint, to the Inrent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made Upon a Petition to be preferred in a- summary Way, by the Person or Perfiftt who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, bt towards the D.scharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance,© Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Linds, TencrfteritSj or Hereditaments, or aff-sting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament- (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said C mrt, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall beexisting undetermined and capaole of taking EffVft and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, thb said Money shall, by Oder of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consol'idated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for tha 1 1 - Purposes

4i‘> GEORGII til. Cap. 76. 1155

Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Confdli-daced or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Perforw who wookt for the

Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Applhation agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- compensation nients, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaidi, and belong- does "ot ing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons Under Disability or noHeiHhafl Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred »oA Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cale of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in "Writing under their resprdive Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or ocherwlfe the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Pet Ion or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the D vidends arising the eon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being r-quired to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money AppHcatikn so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less Mim'y it left than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be ap- thanao/. plied to ihe "Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments I'o purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit j or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefic of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of ob- Expenses of raining and passing this Act, and of making the Surveys, Plans, and Efti- Ac^how^o ma>es incident thereto, and all other Costs, Charges, and Expences con- be paid, cerning the lame, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors, out of any Money already raised or received, or out of the First Money to be hereafter raised or received by virtue of the said several herein-before recited Acts or of this Act.

1256

[Publick Act.]

41° GEORGII 111. Cap. 70.

[Publick Act.]

XIV. And He it further enabled, That this Act shall be deertied and taken to be a and all Judges, Justicts, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice of it as i'uch, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 71.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Grand junction Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the Whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts of the Thirty-third, Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth, ThirtyTn.xth, and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for altering and enlarging :the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts. 1

- L [2$th June i8bi.]

WHEREAS by an A’tft of Parliament made and passed in thy Tremble. Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His,'present Majesty King George the 'I hird, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining »J Get. IV, a Navigable Canal from the Oxfoid Canal Navigation at Braunston tn the Cap' 8o* County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at or near Brentford, iif the County of Middlesex, and afd 1 certain Collateral Cuts from tie said intended Canal, certain Pi rfbfts rn tilt said’ Act naWd were incorporated by the Name_and Stile pi The Company of Proprietors of '/hi Grand funfit on Canal, for making the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and the several [Lee. & Per.~\ 14 other

1258

34 Get. Ill,

Three Afl e 3; Get. Ill,

36 Get. Ill,

and

jl Get. Ill, recited.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

other Works necessary for carrying the said Act into Execution; and were thereby authorized to raise any Sum of Money towards defraying the Expences thereof, not exceeding the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds , And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the Thirty-fourrh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Company of Proprietors are authorized to make and complete Navigable Cuts from the Towns of Buckingham and Aylejlury, in the County of Buckingham, to communicate with the said Canal, and a Cut or Feeder from the Town of Wend-ever in the said County, to the Summit of the said Canal in the Parish of 1 ring in the County of Hertford, for the Purpose of supplying the said Canal with Water; and in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty an Act of Parliament was made to authorize the said Company of Proprietors to vary the Course of a certain Part of the said Canal in the County of Hertford, and for amending and altering the said first recited Act; and Two other Acts were made in the same Session of Parliament, One for making a Navigable Cut from the said Canal in the Precinct of Norwood in the County of Middlesex, to Paddington in the same County; and the other to make a Navigable Cut from the Town of Watford to the Town of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of Us present Majesty, for enabling the said Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal, to finish and complete the same, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, the said Company of Pro-

Srietors were authorized and empowered to raise any Sum or Sums of loney, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, to be applied in defraying the Expence of carrying on and completing the said several Works so authorized to be done and completed as aforesaid: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His laid Majesty, for confirming and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into between Bei by Lord Bishop of London, Thomas Wood Esquire, Sir John Frederick Baronet, and Arthur Stanhope Esquire, Sir John Mor-fhead Baronet, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, and Robert Thijllethwayte Esquire, and Selina his Wife, and the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canas, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, the said Company of Proprietors are authorized and empowered to make, huild, erect, and set up such and so many Wharfs, Quays, Markets, Houses, Warehouses, Weighing Beams, Engines, Machines, and other Works, Ways, Roads, and Conveniences, at Paddington aforesaid (at or near the Termination of the said Navigable Cut from the said Grand Junction Canal to that Place) as they should judge fit and expedient, and also to provide and supply, with good and wholesome Water, the Inhabitants of any Buildings then erected or to be erected within the said Parish of Paddington, or the Parishes and Streets adjacent, as might be desirous of cantrafting with the said Company for the fame; and to enable the said Company of Proprietors to prosecute, carry on, and complete the said Navigable Cut from the Grand Junction Canal in the Precinct of Norwood to Paddington aforesaid, and the several Works, Matters and Things intended to be executed by the now reciting Act, they were authorized and empowered to raise any Sum or Sums of Money, hoc exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds And whereas the said Company of Proprietors are proceeding in the said 5 several

T259

41° GEORGII IH. Cap. 71.

I'-versl Works, and have completed the Collateral Cut or Feeder from I'/cndavcr to die Summit of the said Canal in the P,ri£b of Tring af'ore-' id. anil have nearly completed the Main Line rf the said Canal, and the Collateral Cut therefrom to Paddington aforesaid, and have also made gu.it L.iogress and completed a considerable Part of the Collateral Cut from the Tywn of Buckingham to Old Stratford, in the County of Nor-ibamplo", in which Works they have expended very large Sums of Mo-.tiry; And whereas, from the great Advance in the Piice of Labour and {ill Surts of Material?, the Expences of the said Company of Proprietors have Ocen cncrcaled very eonfiderably beyond the original Estimates, whereby they have contracted Debts to a considerable Amount, and they find that the several Sums of Money already authorized to be raised by them, will not be Efficient to discharge the fame, and for carrying the Purposes of the said several Acts into Execution; and it is expedient that the said Company ot Proprietors should be authorized to provide for the Discharge of their said Debts, and to be enabled to finiffi and complete the Whole of their said Works i and that the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts should be altered and enlarged; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company.ot Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to raise, in Manner herein-after mentioned, any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred and fitty thousand Pounds (although the whole Sum ot Nine hundred and seventy-five thousand Pounds, allowed to be raised by vimir of the before recited Acts, may not have been raised) any Thing concamed in the said several Act?, or any or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding; and to borrow cr take up the fame at legal or less Interest, from such Persons as shall be willing to advance and lend the fame; and the Money so to be raised, together with such Part or Parts of the said Sum of Nine hundred and seventy-five thousand Pounds as remains unraill d, shall be applied in defraying the Expences of obtaining and pi ffi: g this Act, and all other Expences relating thereto, and of carrying on, and, completing the several Works authorized to be done and completed by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for making and completing the said Canal and Navigable Cuts, and also in making such Improvements in the said Navigable Canal and Cuts as the Committee of the said Company shall from Time to Time think proper, and in Payment and Discharge of sundry Debts owing by the said Company; and the said Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as the said Company cf Proprietors, or the Committee of the said Company for the Time being shall think proper, together with such P.u t or Parts uf the said Sum fif Nine hundred and seventy-five thousand Pounds as aforesaid, shall or may be raised by all, any, or either of the Ways or Means as the said Company of Proprietors are authorized tp raise any Money by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, by Mortgage or by granting Annuities for any Term or Number of Years, or during the natural Life or Lives of any Person or Persons who iiyail contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to rlic said Company of Proprietors any Sum or Sums of Money for the abfohie Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities, or the natural Life

Company empowered to raise a further Sum.

1260

Or to create new Shares.

Or to borrow Money on Piom'ffbry Nuc*.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

of such Person as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor at the Time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or-Purchase Muney, and either with or without Benefit of Survivorship, according to the Form and Manner prescribed by the before recited Act of the Thirty, sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that all and every the Powers contained in the said last-mentioned Act for granting, securing, andafiignino any Annuity or Annuities, shall by this Act be, and the same are hereby extended to the securing and affigoing any Annuity or Annuities which the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee for the Time being, shall think proper to grant, and which they are hereby empowered to grant in like Manner, and as fully and effectually as if the said several Powers were repeated and re-enacted in the Body oi this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or thrir General Committee for the Time being, to raise the said Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, or such Parc or Parts tlicieof as they shall from Time to Time think fit, together with such Part or Parts of the said Sum of Nine hundred and seventy five thousand Pounds so remaining unraised, by creating new or additional Shares of One hundred Pounds each, or Half Shares of Fifty Pounds each, ot Quarter Shares of Twenty-five Pounds each, or Eighth Parts of Shires of Twelve Pounds and Ten Shillings each, or any or either of them, and disposing of the same to such Person or Persons, and at such Price or Pliers, as to the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time seem meet and convenient, or by such other Ways and Means as the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time thick expedient or nere/l’ary for that Purpose; and that the respective Proprietors of any Shares, Half Shares, Quarier Shares, or Eighth Parts of Shares, which shall or may be created by virtue of this Act, shall be entitled to such and the fime Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, and be liable to such and the fame Rellnftions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if the fame were Part of the Shares or Half Shares already created, and now vefh-d in the several and respective Proprietors of the said Grand Junction Canal v and the Admission of every Person ro any such new Shares, Half Shares, Quarter Shares, or Eighth Part of Shares, by any Order or Resolution of the said Company of Proprietors, or their General Committee for the Time being, shall be good and effectual Titles to such Person or Persons, and his, her, or their respective Executors and Administrators, on his, her, or their Payment to the said Company of the Purchase Money or Price agreed for the same.

III. Provided always, That if the said Company of Proprietors shall think it mod: expedient to borrow the said Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or fur h Pait or Parts of the said Sum of Nine hundred and seventy-five thousand Pounds so remaining unraised, by Promissory Notes under the Common Seal of the said Company it shall and may be lawful for them so to do; and that such Notes (halt be made payable in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, and with such legal or less Kate of Interest, as the said Company shall think proper, and either with or without Power in the Holders of such Notes, to have such Option of being admitted to hold a Share of One hundred Pounds, or a Half Share of Fifty Pounds, or a Quarter Share

4 GEORGII III. Cap. yi. 1261

of Twer.ty-five Pounds, or an Eighth P-irt of a Share of Twelve Pounds Ten Shilling?, in lieu of the Principal Money thereby to be secured, cr so much or ('ecu Part or Parts thereof as the said Company of Proprietors, or their General Committte for the Time being, and the Pci son or Persons advancing such Money on the Security of the Paid Notes, shall jointly agree upon; so ntverthcfefs that no Person be in any Case admitted to hold a Share of One hundred Pounds in lieu of a less Principal Sum of Money than One hundred Pounds advanced on the Security of such Notes, nor any Half Share, Quarter Share, or Eighth Part of a Share, in lieu of any less Sum of Money advanced on the Security of such Notes, than the Nominal Amount thereof, in the Proportion of One hundred Pounds for a Whole Sh ire, the Particulars of such Options being at all Times expressed in the said Notes, and the lxates authorized to be taken, and which shall arise ard be taken by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, and of this Act, shall be a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed as r.fortsaid, with Imereti, to the Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time be entitled to such Securities, and the Principal Money and Intend thereby secured; and all Persons to whom any such Securities as aforesaid shall be given, shall be equally entitled to a Claim or Lien to a Proportion of the said Rates, according to the respective Sums mentioned thereby to be secured and advanced, as if the fame were advanced upon Mortgages or Alignments of the said Rates, in pursuance or by virtue of any former Act < r Acts of Parliament, and without any Preference by reafo.n of the Priority of Date of any such Securities, or on any other Account whatsoever; subject nevertheless to ail Liens, Mortgager, and Incumbrances now affecting the said Tolls.

IV. And whereas it is in and by the said (irft recited Act (amongst Forconfirm-other Things) enacted, that the said Company of Proprietors, in nuking jj» Deviation* the said Cana! and Collateral Cuts, should not deviate more than One the iv^r'of hundred Yards from the rtfj.edive Lines described in certain Plans and former Acts. Books of Reference depofued at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for each of the Counties of Northampton, Buckingham, Bedford, Hertford, and Middle fen, without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation should be made; and that no Deviation should be made from the Line or Course of the said then intended Canal into any Lands or Grounds not described in the said Plan and Book of Reference, without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation should be made; and it is in and by the said first recited Act further enacted, that after any Part or Parts of the Lands cr Grounds shall be set out and ascertained for making the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, or any Parc or Parts thereof, and for providing and constructing the Wharfs and other Works and Conveniences therein mentioned, or any of them, it should be lawful for all Boaies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole,

Tenants for Life or in Tail, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Execute rr, and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf' of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cdluique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatickr, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, and for every \_Loc. fc? Per.'] 14 R other

136.2

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

other Pei ion and Persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be seised, pofftffed of, or interested in any Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments which shall be fee out and ascertained for the Purposes aforesaid, to contract for, fell, or convey the lame and every Parc thereof, unto the said Company of Proprietors > and various other Powers and Authorities ate thereby given to and vested in the said Company: And whereas by the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, the said Company of Proprietors arc authorized to make the Navigable Cuts therein mentioned from the Towns of Buckingham Ayltf-bury, and IVendover, in the Lines def ribed in certain Maps or Plans and Books of Reference depofued at the Offices of the Clerks of the Peace for the respective Counties through which the said Cuts were respectively to be made, but (1 ould not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Lines or Courses thereof described in the said Maps or Plans; and by the said Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of the Ilcign of His said Majesty, for making the said Navigable Cue from the Grand Junction Canal, in the Precinct of Norwood in the County of Middlesex, to Paddington in the said County, the said Company of Proprietors were authorized to make the said Navigable Cur, in the Line or Course described in a certain Map or Plan and Book of Reference uepofued at the Office of the Clerk otthe Peace for the County of Middlesex, but should not deviate from the Line or Course thereof described in the said Map or Plan, without the Content in Writing of the respective Owners of the private Lands, or the Lord of the Man r, wherein should be situate any Common or Waste Ground through which any such Deviation should be made, or the Guardians or Trustees of any such Owners, or the Lord of such Manor, who should be under any Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves 5 and the several Powers, Provisions, Authorities, Rates of Tonnage and Wharfage, and other Matters and Things in the said fird recited Act contained, so tar as the Nature and Circumstances of the Cafe would admit, were extended to the said Two last-mentioned Acts: And whereas in the tetting out, making, and executing of the said Grand Junction Canal, and several of the said Navigable Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by the said Company of Proprietors, it has been found expedient to deviate in several Places from the Lines laid down and described in the several Plans and Books of Reference before mentioned, but all such D viations have been made with the Consent of the Dekription of Parties authorized by the said fird recited Act, to convey to the Company for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And in order to confirm to the said Company the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and other Works, so made in such Lines of Deviation , be it further enacted, That all and every the Conveyances, Contrafts, Sales, and Agreements made with any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Husbands, Guardians, Trodees.and Feoffees in Trud, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees or Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but all'o for and on Behalf of their Ceduique Truds, whether Infams, Issue unborn, Lunaticks. Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, or with any Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or with any other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments which have been so set out and ascertained for the

Purposes

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 71. 1*63

Purposes aforesaid, for the Lands taken and used by the said Company of Proprietors for the making the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for Railways, Stone Roads, Whaifs, or other Works and Conveniences, and *lfo for Sale or Exchange of small separated Pieces of Land, either to the said Company or any other Person or Persons, in such Line or Lines of Deviation as aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all In* tents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick,

Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, so conveying or exchanging as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for or in respect of any such Sale or Exchange, which he, she, or they, or any of them shall respectively have made or shall make in consequence of any such Contrails or Agreements as aforesaid; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Provisoes, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by the said recited Acts or any of them, ate given, provided, declared, settled, imposed, and creat 'd, (and not repealed cr alrered by this present Act) for making the said Canal, Collateral Cuts,

Railways, Stone Roads, and other Works, shall from and immediately after passing this Act, be used, exercisrd, practised, imposed, levied, recovered, and put in Execution, in and upon or in respect of such Lines of Deviaiion, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the Lines or Couries of such Deviations had, in fast, been the Lines or Courses laid down and described in the respective Plans and Books of Reterence deposited at the Offices of the Clerks of the Peace of the re-fp;ftive Counties before-mentioned and the said Canal, Collateral Cuts,

Railways, Stone Roads, and other Works when so made, shall be used and cTtereifoo under the fame Regulations, and fobjeft to the like Rates of Tonnage and Wharfage, as if the fame had been made in the Lines or CouMes so laid down and described in the said respective Plans and Rooks of Reference, and had not deviated therefrom, or as if all and every the Powers, Authorities Directions, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeits es, Clauses, Matters, and Things were herein particularly repeated, re-cnacied, and extended to the said Lines of Deviation from the Lines or Courses so laid down and de'eribed as aforesaid, and every and each of them; any Thing in the said recited Acts or any of them contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. Provided a1way.s, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be Difpntemow construed to exrend to, or prejudice, or in anywise affecr the Rights of ^be aftected. ’Thomas Sheppard Esquire, or any Question or Matter in Difference now subsisting between the said Company of Proprietors and the Lord Bishop

o( London and his Lessees, in respect of Lands belonging to the See of London, within the Parish of Paddington, and the said Thomas Sheppard Esquire, or any or either of them, or between the said Company of Proprietors and any other Person or Periods whomsoever.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Nut to affect Contained shall extend or be construed to extend to, or prejudice, or in Qileftiors in anywise affect any Question or Matter in Difference now subsisting between betwee"%e the fai t Company of Proprietors and Robert Williams Esquire, Timothy Company and hart Earle Esquire, and Samuel Salter Esquire, or any or either of them, p'r' nor to bar them from the bringing and maintaining any Action or Actions,

Suit or Suits, which the said Robert Williams, Timothy Hare Earle, and 1 Samuel

1264

For adjusting the Mode of settling Contracts reflect ing Copyhold Land*.

41° GEORGII III. Cap.^i.

Samuel Sailer, or either of them, may be minded or advised to commence or prosecute against the said Company for any Injury or Injuries sustained and now existing to their respective Properties by means of the said Canal Navigation, or any Deviation from the original Line thereof, or by the tailing or altering any Weir or Tumbling Bay, or any other Act done by the said Company ot Proprietors, their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, in respect thereof, or prejudice or affect any Arbitration or Reference which they may be dispoied to enter into with the said Company of Proprietors for settling or adjulling any of the Matters aforesaid; any Thing in this present Act or in the said recited Acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Contract, Agreement, Bargain, Sale, or Exchange, of or concerning any Lands, Tenements, nr Hereditaments hereafter to be purchased, taken, or ul'ed by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purposes thereof (over and above what has been taken and already contracted for on account of the said Canal, Collateral Cuts, and the Towing Paths thereof, or any Railway already made or executed, or now under Execution by the said Company, or small separated Pieces of Land not exceeding Two Acres, which the said Company of Proprietors have been compelled to purchase by virtue of the said recited Acts) shall be made or entered into of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be Copyhold, or of the Nature of Copyhold, shall be executed and completed by Surrender thereof in the Court of the Manor of which the fame is or are holden according to the Custom of such Manor, and such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall continue subject to the fame Fines, Rents, and Services as are clue and payable, and of Right accustomed in the fame Manor, as if this Act had not been made, unless the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor for the Time being, shall be willing or desirous of enfranchising the fame, in which Cafe such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, is and are hereby empowered so to do, notwithstanding he, she, or they shall be seised of or entitled to the fame Manor or Manors for a lei's interest than an Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, but inasmuch as the vesting and continuing of such Copyhold r Premises in the said Company, as a Body Corporate, would prevent such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, from receiving such Benefits of Fines, Hertors, and other S rvices due upon Death, Descent, or Alienation, in like Manner as he, she, or they would have done in case such Copyhold Premises had continued to be the Property of Persons in their natural Capacities; and in case the fa’.d Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said Manor or Manors, shall decline to enfranchise the respective Parcels of Copyhold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, held of the said Manor, which shall be so purchased by or veftetl in the said Company for the Purposes aforesaid, he, she, or they shall be entitled to and shall be paid by the said Company a reasonable Recompence and Saiitfaffinn for the Loss that will arile to him, her, or them, in respect to such Fines, Heriots, or other Services, the Enjoyment of which will be diminished or loft by the vesting and continuing of such Copyhold Premi es in a Body Corporate , which Recompence and Satisfaction, if not settled by Agreement between the Parties, fhdl be ascertained and settled by the Commissioners appointed in such Manner, and subject to such Verdict of a Jury, if required, as is directed by the said recited Acts, or by Arbitration

1265

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

tion in Manner herein-after enacted for lettling Disputes arising under the said recited Acts.

VIII. And it is hereby enabled and declared, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, at any General Meeting of the said Company after the passing of this Act, to make such O der or Ursolution as they shall judge proper for the Interests of the several and respective Proprietors of Shares, Half Shares, Quarter Shares, or Eighth Parts of Shares, already created or which may hereafter be created in the said Undertaking, by declaring each Share of One hundred Pounds to be divided into Eight Shares', and each Half Share of Fifty Pounds into Four Shares, and each Quarter Part of a Share of Twenty.five Pounds into Two Shares, and each Eighth Part of a Share of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings into One Share of the respective nominal Value of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings each Share, instead of distingurfh ng the fame by Shares, Half Shares, Quarters, or Eighth Parts of Shares; and that from and after any such Order or Resolution of the said Company, all and every the Proprietors of Shares, Half Shares, Quarters, or Eighth Parts of Shares, shall, for and in respect of every Share of One hundred Pounds, be entitled to Eight Shares of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings tach, and for every Haif Share of Fifty Pounds to Foui Shares of Twelve Pjunds Ten Shillings each, and for every Quarter Part of a Share of Twenty-five Pounds to Two Shares of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings each, and for every Eighth Part of a Share of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings to One Share of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings; and shall respectively be entitled to a proportionable Part of the Profits of the said Undertaking, according to the Number of such Shares held by each Proprietor, and to all other Privileges and Advantages, and subject and liable to all other Rules, Orders, Restrictions, anti Conditions, as far as the Nature and CircumfUnces of such Shares will admit, and in due Proportion to the present Shares of One hundred Pounds each, as originally ertared: Provided nevertheless, That in the Qualification of Proprietors to vote in the General and other Assemblies of the Company of Proprietors, no such Proprieror shall be entitled to give any Vote for and in respect of any lei’s Number of such Shares of Twelve Pound, Ten Shillings each than Eight, and One Vote only for each Eight Shares as tar as Ten Votes; and that in the Qualification for being elected a Member of any Committee of the said Company, no such Proprietor shall be so qual fud, who shall be posscfTcd of a leis Number of such Shares of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings each than Forty.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That after any such Order or Resolution shall be so made as aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors shall older and direct the Names and proper Additions of the several Persons who fh. II be entitled to the Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of Shares to which they shall be respectively entitled, to be fairly and distinccly entered in a Book to be kept by the said Company of Proprietors for that Purpule, and may also, if they shall iliink it proper, direcc the said Shares of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings each to be numbered in numerical ProgrefTion, and to direct the proper Number by whith ev ry such Share shall be distinguished to be entered in the said Book, and af, er such Entries, to cause their Common Seal to be affixed there o; anf every Proprietor requiring the fame, may have a Ticket or Certificate of such

[Loc. U Per.2 14 S Entry

Power given to the C m-pany to divide Share t Half St-are , etc. iruo Sh-ires of ii! 1 os. each*

Names of Ownerl of Shares to be entered in Books.

1266

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

Entry for each fu h Share separately, or for all his, her, or their Shirft collectively, certified under the Hands or Hand of the Oetk or Citk to the said Company for the Time being, as he, she, or ihey ih d! think fir, on paying to the said Clerks for every such Ticket, such reasonable Sum as the General Committee of the said Company shall from Time to Time direct.

For regulating X. And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the paling

Pleasure°Bo3ts t^l's ^Ct. no Person or Persons whornfaever shall ule any Pleasure Boat

on the Canal, or Boats upon the said Canal or Collateral Cuts, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, by towing the lame with any Man or Horse, Men or Horses, or by other Means, nor shall use any Sails with any such PJcafure Boat or Boats, without the Consent in Writing from Time to Time of the said Company of Proprietors or their General Committee, or some Clerk or Agent of the said Company duly authorized for that Purpose; but that all such Pleasure Boat or Boats ul'ed upon the said Canal or Collateral Cuts, or any or either of them, shall be navigated by Means of Oars or Skullers only, and shall be flat Bottomed; and that no Delay may arile to other Boats, Barges, or other Vessels passing upon the said Canal or Collateral Cuts, or any or either of them, all such Pleasure B at or Boats shall upon all Occasions give Way to all such other Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, upon meeting or being overtaken by any ludi other Boats, Barges, or other Vessels; and every Person and Persons using any such Pleasure Boat or Boats contrary to the Regulations and Piovi-fions by this Act enacted, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered by the I ke Ways and Means as any Penalties are directed to be recovered by the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

For regulating

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons whomsoever shall be

StoneUoads'1 at Liberty to gang, convey, and carry all such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Matters, and Things whatsoever, as they shall have Occasion, up in, over, or along the Railways or Stone Roads belonging to the said Company, in Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages suitable to such Railways or Stone Roads, drawn with Hoifrs or Cattle of their providing, under and subject to such General Rules, Orders, Regulations, Conditions, and Rc-strictions, equally applicable to ail Persons carrying on such Railways or Stone Reads, as the said Company of Proprietors, or their General Committee, from Time to Time shall judge meet and expedient: Provided always, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall pass upon any Pa;t of the said Railways or Stone Roads, with any Waggon or other Carriage whatsoever, unless the same shall be constructed in such Manner as (n.iil from Time to Time be directed by the said Company of Proprietors, or their General Committee for the Time being: Provided also, That a'l such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, so to be made as aforesaid, be printed and affixed upon some One or more conspicuous Part or Parts of every such Railway or Scone Road.

Owners of

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Owner or O vntr; of rh'n'pay any any ^oat or Barge or other Vessel employed on the Cid Navigation, shall Penalty or Sa- be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satisfaction for any Damages, the UCSeivams by reason of any Nrgltft or Default done or committed by his, tier,

or

41° GEORGII III. Cap.^x. 1267

or their Servants, Boa’men, or Watermen, or any of them, such Servants, rohereim-Boatmrn, or Watermen, and each and every of them, shall be liable by 10 repay such Penalty or Satisfaction for Damages (with the Coils thereof) to such Owner or Owners; and in case of Non-payment upon Demand thereof, and Oath made by such Owner or Owners of the Payment made by him, her, or them, of such Penalty or Satisfaction for Damages, and that the lame and the Cods thereof have or haih not been repaid to him, her, or them, by such Scrvanis, Boatmen, or Wattrmcn, or any of them, although demanded (such Oath to be made before any One Justice of the Peace for the County where such Penalry and Satisfaction shall have been recovered) the Amount thereof shall be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is to be recovered by virtue of the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Ma-

j'lty-

XIII. And, for the better securing and recovering the Tolls, Rates, Power to diland Duties by the said Acts or any ol them made payable to the said ^’"nCwhafft Company of Proprietors; be it further enacted, That in case any of such for the Rates. Tolls, Rates, or Duties shall net be paid to the said Company of Proprietors before, at the Time, or immediately a for the Landing of any

Coa's, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon any Wharf or other Place, of anti belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, then ic shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons by them authorized and empowered, at any Time or Times within the Space of Forty Days next after such Landing, to seize and distrain ail or any Part of such Coals, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize. I)ing or being upon any such Wharf or other Place, in resptct whereof any such Tolls,

Rares, or Duties ought to be paid; and to detain and sell the same in like Manner and as fully and effectually as they may or can seize* detain, and fell any Boat, Vessel, or Goods, for Payment of the Tolls,

Races, or Duties by virtue of the before mentioned Acts or any of them.

XIV. And whereas, in and by the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Authorizing Year of His present Majesty, certain Persons and their Successors are ap- {o'SerMat^ pointed Commissioners for settling, determining, and adjulling all Quel- ter, in pifpute lions, Matters and Differences, which shall or may arise between the said [j’ul^rt"tra‘ Company of Proprietors and the several Proprietors of and Persons inte-

refled in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Mills, or Waters, that shoukl or might be affected or prejudiced by the Execution of any of the Powers thereby granted, and for settling and determining such other causes of Dispute between the said Company of Proprietors and any other Person or Persons as are in and by the said recited Act directed to be settled and determined by Commissioners; And whereas the referring and submitting of such Quelli ns, Matters, Differences, and Disputes, to the Award and Determination of any indifferent Person or Persons, as a Referee or Rcterers, to be named and agreed upon by and between the said Company and other Parties in Difference, may frequently be a more speedy, cheap, and eligible Mode of settling and determining the fame; but Doubts have ariien whether the said Company cf P.opr.e-tors are authorized so to refer and submic such Questions, Matters,

D.ffertners, and Disputes; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or their General

Com-

1263 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

Committee for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized an 1 empowered, to refer and submit all such Question.c, Matters, Differences, or Deputes between the Lid Company and any Person or Persons whom-foevtr, as the said Company or their Committee for the Time being and the other Parties in Difference may fee fit md proper, to the Award and Determination if One or more mtiiffcient Person or indifferent Persons, as Rrleree or Referees, to be named and agreed upon by and between the said Company or their Committee for the T.me being and the other Parties in Difference, and who may think proper to agree to such Reference, or to an Umpire to be elected and chosen by such Referee or Referees, and to enter into any Bonds or Agreements under the Common Seal of the said Company, with such Condiiions, Limitations, Jtestrictions, Clauses, and P ovifoes therein, relative to such Questions, Matters, Differences, or Disputes, and to such SubmifTion as aturesaid, as the Ltd Company or their Committee for the Time being, and the other Parties so agreeing to such Reference, shall fee fir, in like Manner and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as any Individual or Individuals in their natural Capacity or Capacities are by Law enabled to enter into such Bonds or Agreements, and all Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered to enter in'O any Bonds or Agreements for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall be ami are hereby indemnified on that Account; any Thing in the said recited Acts or in this present Act, or any other Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Recital of 3}

XV. And whereas, in and by the said first-recited Act of the Thirty-the Com en'° ^ear l^c ^c'gn of His present Majesty, after reciting, thet by fatlonsTo be an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-naade by the jesty, intituled, An Act for enabling ibe Major, Aid mien, and Commons Uie'corpora- of ,*>e London to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable

tion of London, for navigating upon the River Thames Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London, and for laying a final' Toll in hen thereof, for the Purpose of more effectually completing the said Navigation, and for other Purposes, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the said City in Common Council assembled, were authorized and empowered to take, demand, recover, and receive, or cause to be taken and demanded, recovered and received, for ail Barges and other Vessels whatsoever navigated upon the said River Thames, or any Part thereof, Wefiward of London Bridge, to Strand on the Green or Brentford, a Toll or Duty of One Halfpenny per Ton, to be paid and applied in such Manner, and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes as in the said last-mentioned Act are particularly mentioned; and that the Tolls and Duties created and made payable by the same Act, and the Sums borrowed on the Credit thereof, had not been sufficienc for the Purposes of the said Act; and also reciting, that the making of the said intended Canal would diminish the Tolls and Duties created and made payable by the said Act; and that the said Company of Proprietors were willing and had agreed that Rich Compensation as therein-after mentioned should be made for or on Account of such Diminution , it was enacted, that from and after the opening a Communication between the said Canal and the River Thames, it should and might be lawful for the said Company of Proprietor', and they were thereby authorized and empowered to take, demand, recover and receive, or cause to be taken, demanded, recovered and received,

for

I 269

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

far all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Things whatsoever, which should pass from the said intended Canal into or upon the said River Thames, and from the said River into or upon the said intended Canal, a Toll or Duty of One Halfpenny per Ton, and fa in Proportion for any leis Quantity than a Ton, but without any Regard to the Distance the fame should pass upon the said River: And it was further enacted, that the said Company of Proprietors should pay to the said Mayor and Commonahy and Citizens of the said City, their Successors, Collectors, or AfEgns, by Quarterly Payment, to and for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Thames, and the other Purposes rrientioned in the said therein recited Act, over and above all other Tolls and Duties thereby created and made payable, the said Rate or Duty of One Halfpenny per Ton therein-before charged and made payable upon all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Things whatsoever, which should pass from the said intended Canal into or upon the said River, and from the said River into or upon the said intended Canal, and so in Proportion for any less Quantity than a Ton, but without any Regard to the Distance the fame should pass upon the said River: And it was further enacted, that if the Produce of the said Toll or Duty of One Halfpenny per Ten granted by the said therein recited Act, together with the said additional Toll or Duty of One Halfpenny per Ton, created and made payable as aforesaid, should not amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds from the Time of passing the now reciting Act, until Midsummer One thousand fevert hunJred and ninety-five, and to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds for the Year ending at Midsummer One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and to the Sum of Six hundred Pounds for the Year ending at Mid-summer One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and to the Sum of Seven hundred Pounds for the Year ending at Midsummer One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and to the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds for the Year ending at Midsummer One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and to the Sum of Nine hundred Pounds for the Year ending at Midsummer One thousand eight hundred, and to the Sum of One thousand Pounds for the Year ending at Midsummer One thousand eight hundred and one, then and in either of the said Cales, the said Company of Proprietors should, and they were thereby required Yearly and every Year, within Thircy Days after Midsummer, to pay to the said Mayor, Aldeimtn, and Commons in Common Council assembled, or to such Person or Persons as they should from Time to Time appoint to receive the same,.such Sum and Sums of Money as, with the Produce of the said Tolls or Duties within each Year should make up the said several and respectivs Sums therein and herein-before mentioned, to be applied to and for the Purposes of the said therein recited Act of Parliament, and in like Manner if the Produce of the said Two several Tolls or Duties should, within the several Periods aforesaid, ending at Midsummer One thousand eight hundred and one, exceed the several Sums therein and herein-before mentioned, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled, should pay to the said Company of Proprietors the Amount of such Surplus or Excess, to be applied to and for the Purposes of the now reciting Act, but that from and after Midsummer One thousand eight hundred and one, all Surplus or Excess (if any such should arise overwind above the said annual Sum of One thousand Pounds)should in like Manner and from Time to Time be accounted for by the said Company ef Proprietors, and by them paid over by like Quar-[Lee. ft? Per.] 14 T terly

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

terly Payments unto the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled, or such Person or Persons as they Ihoulcf from Time to Time appoint to receive the same, and the Money so from Time to Time to be paid should be applied to and for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes of the said therein recited Act of Parliament: And whereas upon an Account made up and settled on the Twenty-third Day of February, which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand ('even hundred and ninety-nine, concerning the Sums that had become due from the said Company of Proprietors to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens from the Thirtieth Day of April in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, the Time when the said First herein before in Part recited Act of Parliament was passed to the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for the Tolls, Duties, and other Sums of Money which under and by virtue of the several hccin-before recited Clauses of the said last-mentioned Act of Parliament were directed to be paid to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled, it appeared that One thousand five hundred and sixty-two Pounds were due and owing from the said Company of Proprietors to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens on the Balance of that Account: And whereas previous to the Liquidation of the said Account, considerable Difficulties and Differences have arisen between the said Company of Proprietors, and the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, concerning the Tolls, Duties, and Sums of Money which the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled, were entitled to receive under and by virtue of the said Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the said Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty j and in order to prevent future Litigation or Misunderstanding on account thereof, the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and the said Company of Proprietors, came to an Agreement, that the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors flvmld pay to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens or their Successors, or into the Hands of their Chamberlain for the Time being for their Use, for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Sum of One thousand five hundred and sixty-two Pounds, by Four Quarterly Instalments, beginning on the Twenty-fifth Day of March in the said Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and they further agreed, that the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled, should from thenceforth be entitled to take and retain the Toll or Duty of One Halfpenny per Ton, which by the said Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, they were authorized and empowered to take, demand, recover, and receive, or cause to be taken, demanded, recovered, or received, for all Barges or other Vessels whatsoever navigated upon the said River Thames, or any Part thereof, Weltward of London Bridge, to Strand on the Green or Brentford, discharged of and from all Claims and Demands by or on the Part of the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, and also of and from all Right to have any Account of the fame Tolls and Duties, and that the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors should from thenceforth be entitled to retain the Toll or Duty of One Halfpenny per Ton, and so in Proportion for any less Quantity than a Ton, which by the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty they are authorized and empowered to

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

take*, demand, recover, and receive, or cause to be taken, demanded, recovered, and received for all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Things whatsoever, which should pass from the said then intended Canal into and upon the said River Thames, and from the said River Thames into or upon the said then intended Canal, discharged of and from all Claims and Demands by or on the Part of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, their Successors and Assigns, by virtue of the same Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also from all Right to any Account of the said last mentioned Toll or Duty of One Haipenny per Ton-, and the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, should from thenceforth be discharged of and from the said several Sums which they were liable to pay under or by virtue of the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to make up the Produce of the said Tolls or Duties within each Year equal to the several and respective Sums in the same Act mentioned, and that the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled, should from thenceforth be for ever discharged of and from all Claims and Demands by and on the Part of the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, for or by reason or on account of any txcefs or Surplus (over and beyond the several Sums mentioned in the said Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty) which they might or would have been entitled to receive from Time to Time in any Year before Midsummer in the Year One thousand eight hundred and one, on account of the Toll or Duty of One Halfpenny per Ton, to which they are entitled under and by virtue of the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, after adding thereto and including the Sum of Six hundred Pounds a Year, W'h;ch the said Company of Proprietors had agreed to pay them as after mentioned, or otherwise howsoever; and that over and beyond, and in Addition to the said Tull or Duty of One Halfpenny per Ton, which the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled, are authorized to take and receive under and by virtue of the said Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in lieu of and by way of Compensation for the said Toll of One Halfpenny per Ton, and Sums to answer Deficiencies to which the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled, are entitled under and by virtue of the said Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Company of Proprietors agreed for themselves and their Successors to pay or cause to be paid to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Cirizens, and their Successors, or such Person or Persons as they from Time to Time should appoint, for One Year ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thr.ufand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and thenceforth Yearly for ever, for every Year ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of December, the Sum of Six hundred Pounds', dear of all Deductions whatsoever, by Four Quarterly Payments on the Twenty-fifth Day of March, the Twenty-fourth Day of June, the Twefity-ninth Day of September, and she Twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year from the Time of making such Agreement: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have in pursuance of the said Agreement paid to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, as well the said Balance or Sum of One thousand five hundred and sixty-two Pounds, as also the said annual Sum of Six hundred

1272 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7i.

dred Pounds up to the Twenty-fifth Day of December now last pad, amj the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of Lender', and the said Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal, are respectively desirous that the Agreement so made between them, of and concerning the Premises, should be ratified, confirmed, and established by Authority of Parliament; be it therefore furthtr enacted, That the herein-before recited Ckule in the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, whereby the said Company of Proprietors are required Yearly and every Year to pay to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled, or such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint to receive the same, such Sum and Sums of Money a1, with the Produce of the said Tolls or Duties within each Year, shall make up the several and respective Sums herein-before recited or mentioned, and whereby the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled, are required to pay to the said Company of Proprietors the Surplus or Excess of the Two several Tolls or Duties herein-before mentioned, over and above the said several and respective Sums herein-before recited, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

The corpora-

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from henceforth and firm Time to be°enUt"ed" to Time, and at all Times fer ever hereafter, the said Mayor, Aldermen, to the Toll or and Commons in Common Council assembled, shall be entitled to take ?U??»nin ant* re'a'n ll,e Toil or Duty of One Halfpenny per Ton, which by the '7 ' said Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty they were authorized and empowered to take, demand, recover, and receive, or cause to be taken, demanded, recovered, or received, for all Barges or other Vessels whatsoever navigated upon the said River Thames, or any Part thereof. West ward of London Bridge, to Strand on the Green or Brentford, discharged of and from all Claims and Demands by or on the Part of the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, and also of and from all Righc to have any Account of the lame Tolls and Duties, nevertheless to be paid and applied in such Manner and for such Uses, Intents and Purposes, as in the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty are particularly mentioned.

The Company

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprie. to the Ton or tors> an£l dieir Successors shall from Time to Time, and at all Times for Duty granted ever hereafter, be entitled to retain the Toll or Duty of One Halfpenny by Si Get. lit. per xpn, and so in proportion for any less Quantity than a Ton, which by the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty they are authorized and empowered to take, demand, recover, and receive, or cause to be taken, demanded, recovered, and received, for all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Things whatsoever, which shall pass from the said Grand Junction Canal into and upon the said River Thames, and from the said River Thames into or upon the said Grand Junction Cana), discharged of and from all Claims and Demands by or on the Part of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, their Successors and Assigns, by virtue of the same Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and also from all Right to any Account of the said last-mentioned Toll or Duty of One Plalfpcnny per Ton, nevertheless to be applied to and for the Purposes of the said Afl, as far as the fame

Purposes

12 73

41° GTlORGII III. Cap. ji.

Purposes arc For the Benefit of the said Company of Proprietors under that Act

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That over and beyond and in addition to the said Toil or Duty of One Halfpenny per Toll, which the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled, are authorized to rake and receive under and by virtue of the said Act: passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in lieu of and by way of Compensation for the said Toll Of One Halfpenny per Ton, and Sums t6 answer Deficiencies, to which the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or the said Mayor, Aldermert, and Commons in Comrriou'Chanrfl assembled, are entitled Under and by virtue of the said Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall and will, fur One Year ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thoqttirtd eight hundred and one, and1 thenceforth Yearly for ever, for CVfty.' ’Veal" ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of December, and they are hereby required to pay or cause to be paid to the said Mayor and Commonalty and' Citizens, or their Successors, or such Person or Persons as they from Time to Time shall appoint to receive the same, the Sum of Six hundred Pounds of lawful Money of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland current in Great Britain, free atkTclear of and froitv all and a.l Manner of Parliamentary, Parochial, or other Deduction* on stny Account whatsoever, and 6y Quarterly Payments to become due and be made on the Twenty-fifth Day of March, the Twenty-fourth Day of June, the Twenty-ninth Day of September, and the Twenty-fifth Day of December, in every Year, the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, as and for the First Payment of the fame yearly Sum of Six hundred Pounds, to become due and be made on the Twenty-fourth Day of June next, up and in full to the lame Twenty-fourth Day of June, and every subsequent Payment of the fame yearly Sum to become due and be made on each succeeding Quarter Day.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said yearly Sum of Six hundred Pounds herein-before directed to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, or any Quarterly Payment of the fame, shall not be paid within Twenty-one Days next after the same shall become due and payable as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled, or such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint to receive the same, to sue fur and recover the fame yearly Sum of Six hundred Pounds, and the Quarterly Payments thereof, by Action of Debt or upon the Cafe, in the Name of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City of London, against the said Company of Proprietors or their Receiver or Treasurer for the Time being, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at W<Jl-minster, together with full Costs of Suit j or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled, or such Person Or Persons as they shall from Time to Time in that Behalf appoint, and they and he is and are hereby fully authorized and empowered from Time to Time to seize and distrain any Boats, Vessels or other Goods or Effects of the said Company of Proprietors which shall be found upon the said Navigation Canal or Collateral Cuts, or any of them, or in or upon the Wharfs, Quays, Warehouses, or other Works thereto

[Lot. & Per.] 14 U belonging

And to pay the Corporation of London tool, per Annum for ever.

Powrr9 given to the Corporation of London for Recovery of the 6oo/. a Year.

1274-

Expencei of the Act.

[Publick Act.]

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

belonging (Information of such Seizure being given to the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, by delivering Notice thereof in Writing to some or One of their Clerks, Treasurers, Receivers, or Agents, or by affixing such Notice on some publick. Place at any of the Wharfs or Quays belonging to the said Company of Proprietors) and to detain and keep the lame until Payment of all Arrears of the said Sum of Six hundred Pounds a Year, together with the reasonable Costs, Charges and Expences attending such Seizure and Distress; apd if such Distrcfs shall not be redeemed within Five Days next after making the same, and Notice thereof given in Writing as aforesaid, then such Boats, Vessels, and other Goods and Effects so seized and taken, shall and may be appraised and fold in such and the like Manner as the Law directs in Cases of Distrcfs for Rent.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences at. tending the obtaining and passing this Act shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors; and that this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1891.

v- h;

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

»t* t M«<Mtft

Cap. 72.

An Act for draining, preserving from Water, and improving certain low Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Parishes or Chapelries of North Wooton, Pilton, West Pennard, Baltonsborough, Barton Saint David, Butleigh, Street, Glajion Saint John, Glajion Saint Benedict, Walton, Ash-ct)t, Shapivick, Moorlinch, Catcott, Chilton, Eding-ton, CoJ/ington, Woolavingtony Huntspill, East Brenty South Brent, Mark, Wedmore, Meare, Burnham, Badgworth, Baddijhatn, Chapel Allerton, Were, Puritan, Pawlet, JVookey, and the Out-parish of Saint Cuthbert in Wells, all in the County of Somerset.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS there are several Low Lands and Grounds in the Preamble, several Parishes or Chapelries of North Wooton, Piltcn, West Pennard, Baltonsborough, Barton Saint David, Butleigh, Street,

Glaston Saint John, Glajion Saint Bene did, Walton, sljhcot, Shapwick, Moorlinch, Caicott, Chilton, Edington, Cojftngton, Woolavington, Huntfpilly East Brent, South Brent, Mark, Wedmore, Meare, Burnham, Badgworth, Biddisham, Chapel Allerton, Were, Puriton, Pawlet, Wookey, and the Out-parish of Saint Cuthbert in Welle, in the Counry of Somerset, lying on or [Lee. (ft Per.J 14 U near

1274

41° GEORGII III. Cap. yi.

rear to and draining into the River Brue; and which Lands and Grdunds, from their low and flat Situation, are frequently overflowed, and gicatly injured by the Waters not having a proper Passage into and along the said River Brue to the River Parrett, and so to the Bristol Channel, occasioned by ObstrUftions at a Bridge called Highhidge, over the said River Brue, the Outlets at which Bridge are too insufficient for the Discharge of such Water, and by the circuitous Course of the said River Brue as well above as below Highbridge, and by the Narrowness of a Bridge called Newbiidge, and by other Obstructions and Impediments; and t.he said Low Lands and Grounds are thereby rendered in a considerable D. gree unprofitable to the Owners and Proprietors thereof; but if proper and sufficient Cuts, Rhines, Drains, Outlets, Floodgates, and other Works and Conveyances were made, for draining and preserving the said Low Lands and Grounds, great Benefit would accrue to the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and to the Publick; yet the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-Commission- ritr °*r t^le farric’ That Sir Abraham Elton, of Cleved.n Court, Baronet, cn. Richard ‘Thomas Combe of Earnjhill, and Henry Tripp, of Orchard ICynd-

bam, Esquires, all in the County of Somerset, and their Successors, to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting and carrying this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein-after contained, into Execution.

Power-.-efted

IL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the in Two Com- Powers, Authorities, Directions, Matters, and Things by this Act given missioneis. to or vested in or directed to be done and executed by or before the said Commissioners, may be done and executed by or before any ’I’wo of them, and the same shall be of as full Force and Effect as if done and executed by or before all the said Commissioners; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Power to elea

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any One Commission- or more of the Commissioners appointed by this Act, or to be appointed of any dying* 'n Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die, or refuse or become inca-or refilling to pable to act, then and in such Case the surviving or remaining Commifa act' sioners dr Commissioner shall, from Time to Time, at fomc Meeting to

be held for that Purpose, within One Calendar Month next after the Death, Refusal or Incapacity of any such Commissioner, or as soon after as Occasion shall require, by Writing under their Hands or his Hand, appoint some other Person, not interested in the Premises, to be a Commissioner in the Place and Stead of every such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every such Commissioner so to be appointed, shall have the fame Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, as the Commissioner in whose Place he shall succeed was vested with, provided that Notice be given in the fame Newspapers as are hecein-after mentioned, at least Ten Days before every such Meeting.

Commission-

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall he ersAiiowance. allowecj to retain in their Hands, out of the Monies to be laised by virtue

of

*275

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

of this Act, the Sum of Three Guineas each, and no more, for their Trouble and Expences for each and every Day they shall necessarily attend in the Execution of this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting ns a Commissioner (n the Execution of any of the Powers given by this Act funless it be (lie Powers hereby given of administering the Oath rr Affirmation herein-after mentioned, or of giving Notice of the First Meeting of the Commissioners), until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oa'h, or, being One or the People called Quakers, the Affirmation following; (that is to lay),

‘ J do swear, [rr, being One of the People called Quakers; do

solemnly affirm] That I will faithfully, truly, impartially, and 1 honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute

and perform all such Matters and Things which, according to the Nature ‘ and Duty of my Office and Employment of a Commissioner for carry-‘ ing into Execution an Act [here irtfert the Title of this Ali~\ ought to be

done, executed, and performed by me, without Favour or Affection to

any Person or Persons whomsoever. So help me GOD. [Or, being

One of the People called Quakers, owitti'g the Words So help me GOD.’]

Which Oath or Affirmation ir shall be lawful for any One of the Did Commissioners to administer, and h; is hereby required to administer the same to any other of the Commissioners; and the said Oath or Affirmation so taken and subscribed, shall be annexed to and deposited with that Pan of the Award hereinafter directed to be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Somerset.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, within Two Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, to cause Notice to be given in some or One of the Bristol and Bath Newspapers respectively, and in One of the Sherborne Newspapers, and also to be affixed on some publick Place in the City of Wells, and in the Towns of Bridgewater, Axbridge, and Glajlonlary, in the said County, of the Time and Place of their First Meeting for executing the Powers by this Act vested in ch-m, at Jeaft Fourteen Days before such Meeting; and that the said Commissioners shall and may at such Meeting, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves to meet at such Time and Place, in the said County of Somerset, as they shall think most convenient lot the Purposes of tins Art, and shall cattle Ten Days Notice at least to be given in some or One of the Bristol and of the Bath Newspapers respectively, and in One of the Sherborne Newspapers, of every fub-sequent Meeting, except Meetings which shall beheld by Adjournment.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Orders, Proceedings, and Determinations or the Did Commissioners, at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners present at such Meetings, and being lo signed, shall be deemed and taken for Originals; and all such Books shall and may be read in Evidence, in all Cases of Appeal, Suits, Actions, or other Proceedings, touching any Matter or Thing done in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

Commissioners to take an Oath.

Form of the Oath.

First Meeting.

Proceedings of Commissioners to be e itered in a Book.

1276

Officers.

Officers ro give Security.

Officers to account j

or be punnned.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, AfiTefior or Assessors, Collector or Collectors of the Rates and Taxes, and such other Officers as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, and from Time to Time remove all or any of such Officers as they shall think fir, and appoint others in the room of such as shall be so removed, or as shall die or resign their Office, or be incapable of performing it; and shall take such Security for the due Execution of such respective Offices, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper , and may, by and out of [Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, allow and pay ro such Clerks, Surveyors, Assessors, Receivers, Collectors, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be aiding or assisting to them in their respective Offices, or that shall anyways be employed in the Execution of this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances, for their respective Attendance, Care, and Service, as to the said Commissioners shall seem teasonable , and all such Officers and Persons shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Commissioners, deliver to such Commissioners or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing, under their respective H~nds, of all Monies which shall have been by them respectivrly had, collected, or received, and how and to whom and for what Purposes the fame and every Part thereof hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall verify the Accounts upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One of th*m. are and is hereby empowered to administer) and all such Officers and Persons shall and they are hereby required to pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their Hands, ro such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint to receive the same; and if any such Officers or Persons shall retufe or neglect to render and give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof on Oath, or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid; or if any such Officers or Persons shall reiul’c or neglect to deliver up to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by the said Commissioners, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their respective Custody or Power, anyways relating to the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Twenty Pound?, to be paid to the said Commissioners, and applied towards the general Purposes of this Act; and if Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Refusal to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neg-leftingor rdufing, shall live and reside, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants, to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not appearing, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, it produced, in such Manner as the said Commissioners might have done; and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered to administer, it shall appear to such Justice

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause I’uch Money, and also such Penalties as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and Penalty, and the Charges of dif-training and felling the lame, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place by him appointed for that Purpose, (except for feme sufficient Excuse) or if appearing shall reful’e or neglect to give or deliver to such Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truth of such Accounts, and of the Articles thereof, on Oath (which Oath the said Justice is hereby also empowered to administer) or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts rdpeclively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid the said Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol or Bridewell of the County where he, she, or they shall live or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he, she, or they shall have delivered in and settled his, her, or their Accounts, and have verified the fame on Oath, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid all the Money which shall appear to be in his, her, or their relp.ftive Hands, and such Penalty as aforesaid, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale as shall in that respect have been made, or until he, she, or they shall have compounded with the said Commissioners for the fame, and paid the Composition Money to the Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Compofuion the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make), or until he, she, or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners: Provided always, Tnac no Person who shall be committed for Want of sufficient Distress only, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Time than Three Calendar Months.

IX. Provided always, That every Surveyor, Assessor, and Collector, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, before he shall proceed to do and execute any Thing under this Act, take and subscribe the following Oath, or, being One of the People called Quakers, the Affirmation following; (that is to lay),

I A.B. do swear [yr, being One of the People called Quakers, do ‘ 1 > affirmj That I will, according to the belt of my Skill and Know-

ledge, faithfully discharge the Trusts reposed in me by virtue of my

Office of Surveyor [or, Assessor, or, Collector, as the Case may be~\ by virtue of an Act [here insert the Title of t.ns Ad~\ without Favour or ‘ Affection 10 act, Person or Persons whonisoever. So help me GOD. ‘ Or, being One of the People called Quakers, omitting the Words So

help me GOD.’]

[Lot. (3 Per.'] iaX

1277

Surveyor’s and Aflellur’j Oath

Which

1278 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7*

One Commit*- Which Oath or Affirmation it shall be lawful for any One of the said eredrnTcC Commissioners to administer, and he is hereby requited to administer the niftcriheoath. fame; and which Oath or Affirmation so taken and subscrtbed, shall be depofned as the Commissioner’s Oath is herein-before directed to be

depofued.

Comm'tr.on- X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and KivciV'CW they are hereby authorized and required to view the River Brut, and the Drain>, etc. several Drains Rhine*, dies, and Shuttles communicating or connected »«Ei^rnSr therewith, and the Btidges upon and over the tame, and also the Outlet or Engineers, or Outlets at or near the said Bridge called Highbndge, and to employ a Surveyor or Surveyors, Engineer or Engineers, or other Person or Persons whom they shall think proper for the fame Purpose; and which said Surveyor or Surveyors, Engineer or Engineers are hereby required forthwith to make and deliver to the said Commissioners a Report in Writing, under their respective Hands, and also, if required, a Plan or Plans of the best and most effectual Means of widening, deepening, and improving the said River, and the several Drains, Rhtnes, Clies, and Shuttles communicating or connected therewith, and the Bridges upon and over the lame, and the Floodgates thereof respectively, and also the Outlet or Outlets into the River Parrett and the Bristol Channel, and such other Improvements for perfecting the intended Drainage of the said Low Lamls and Grounds as shall appear proper and necessary, and of the probable Costs, Charges, and Expences of carrying the fame into complete Effltfl.

Commission-

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and ers empower- they are hereby authorized and empowered to drain, in the best and mod new Drains effectoal Manner, according to the best of their Skill and Judgement, anu Outlets, the said Low Lands and Grounds; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful Pm-poftto* for t^,e Commissioners, and their Agents, Workmen, and all other enter into any Persons by them employed, and they are hereby authorized and empow-PCTfons^Bo- ere<^ ff0rn Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, at their Will and dies Politick, Pleasure, to enter into and upon any Lands or Grounds whatsoever, of or *" belonging to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Colic-

glare, within the Parishes and Chapelries aforesaid, or within any or either of them, and to straighten or after the Course or Direction of the said River Brut, or any of the Drains leading towards or into the fame, and to make, and cut in or upon such Lands or Grounds, or any Part thereof, any new Banks, Rivers, Yeos, Channels, Rhines, Roads, Ditches, Cuts, Passages, Culverts, or Trenches, and also to open, maintain, and cleanse all such Rivers, Yeos, Channels, Rhines, Ditches, Cuts, Passages, Culverts, Banks, or Trenches leading to or communicating or con netted with the said River Brut, as now are or hereafter shall be made, opened, or cut therein, and to alter, remove, rebuild, and repair any Banks, Engines, Sluices, Floodgates, Drains, Clies, Bridges, Culverts, Roads, and other Works already made and erected, and to make and eretft, or cause to be rnade and eretfled, any new Banks, Engines, Sluices, Floodgates, Clies, Bridges, Culverts, and other Works, in, upon, and through the Lands and Grounds aforesaid, for the better conveying the Waters from the same Lands and Grounds into the River Parrett r d Bristol Channtl, as shall be thought fir, necessary, and convenient by the said Commissioners.

41° GEORGII lit. Cap. 12. *279

XT'!.’ Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Co",t'*°l"' contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the said Com- any Taion* missioners to lay any Taxon or to alter the Diains of any Lands lying within Lands which the said Parish of Pawlett, which are now drained into the River Parrett. fnto the Kiver

Parrcit.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall ap- Commission-

pear to the said Commissioners hereby appointed, than; any of the Low

Lands or Grounds within any or eithrr of the Parishes or Ch.ipelries Dr»Sn»for aforesaid, which are now drained into the said River Brut, or into the Drabuige'llf* River Alee, could be more advantageously and conveniently drained into certain Lands the other of the said Rivers, that it shall and may be lawful to and for ,"*

the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to alter I’uch Drain tb« au*.

or Drains accordingly.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act Ncttoabiiiige Contained shall extend to rtftraln or be construed to suspend or abridge jj* cora'mit-the Power of the Commissioners of Sewers for the County of Somerset in, Goners ofs.w-Upon, or over any of the Lands or Grounds in the several Parishes or {1"5’ >lc‘ Chapelries aforesaid, now drained into the River Axe, except such of the said Lands or Grounds as shall appear to the Commissioners appointed by this Act can be more effrftu.dly drained in the River Blue, or in, upon, or over such Lands or Grounds now dr’inrd into the River Brue, as may hereafter appear to the Commissioners h reby appoimed can be more advantageously and conveniently drained into the River Axe.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have commission-

full Power and Authority to do all or any of the Matters and Things, «r« may^agree and to make and erect all or any of the several Works hereby authorized ur"

to be done, made, or erected, in, over, or upon any Common or Waite LanHs, or Ground, and also in, over, or upon any private Lands or Grounds of any Person or Petfotis, Bodies Politick or Corporate whatsoever, making Satisfaction as herein-after mentioned; and it shall be lawrul for the said Commissioners to agree with the Proprietors of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments, which the said Commissioners shall judge necessary to be cut, taken, or nfed for the Purposrs of this Act, for the Purchase of such Lands and Hereditaments, or for the Recommence to be made to such Proprietors and Persons interested, for the Damages they may sustain thereby, and also to settle and ascertain in what Proportion the Sum or Sums so agreed for shall be paid to the several Persons interested in the Premises; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Bodies Poli-Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, JjJ’^ntraa Guardians, Trustee- and Feoffees in Trust. Committees, Executors, Ad- for Vueof* ministrators, and all other Trustees wh-itsoever^ not only for and on conf’jnftvion Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on lo'rijamagts'1 Bthalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lu-natirks. Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, who are or shall be seised or interested in their own Rights, and to and for all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments to contract for, fell, and convey unto the said Commissioners, by such Form of Conveyance as is herein-after direcded, or by such other Form of Conveyance as they the said Commissioners shall appoint, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint,- any Lands or Hereditaments, for the

Purposes

1280

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7*.

Purposes aforesaid, or to agree with the said Commissioners for any Recompence or Compenfauon to be made for the Damages which may be done to any such Lands and Hereditaments by the Means aforesaid; and all such Contrafts, Sales, Conveyances, and Agreements, shall be valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever therein declared, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whosoever, are hereby indemnified for whit they or any of them teg^rnsgtK- iawLjlly do in purl'uance of this Act; but if it shall happen th.t ling ;o tr«t; any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trullec or Trustrcs, or other Person cr Persons interested or concerned as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of Twenty Days after Notice in Writing given to the ptinci-pal Officer or Officers of such Body Pulitick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at his, her, or their respective Place or Places ol Abode, or at the House of the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands or Hereditaments, neglect or rtfufe to treat, or shall not agree with the Lid Commissioners, or by Reason of Absence shall be prevented from treai-ert'nvay apply *ne’ then ar|d in every such Case the said Commissioners may, and they «o a jury to are hereby authorized and required. Fourteen Days at lead before they Taui’of*11* shall make the Application to the justices of the Peace as is hre n-after Land and mentioned, and within Twelve Calendar Months after the Lands or damage's°f Grounds shall have been taken, cut, or used, or such Damage done, to give or cause to be given to the Party or Parties whose Lands or Hereditaments shall have been taken, cut, or used, or who shall have sustained such Damage or Injury, or leave or cause to be left at his or their lad or usual Place or Places of Abode respectively, or at the Place of Abode of the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of the Premises, a Notice in Writing purporting that the Value of such Land or Ground, and the Amount of the Damage or Injury sustained, will be adjusted and settled by a Jury; and thereupon the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, forthwith to apply to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Somerset, (not being interested) which said Justices are hereby authorized and required to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the said County for the Time being, or if such Sheriff- shall be immediately interested in the Matter in Question^then to One of the Coroners (not immediately interested in the Matter in Question) of the said County, commanding such Sheriff or Coroner to impannel, summon, and return a Jury; and the said Sheriff" or Coroner is hereby required to impannel, summon, and return a sufficient Jury, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm to serve on Juries in the Trial of Issues, to appear before the said Justices of the Peace at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and the said Justices of the Peace are hereby empowered, out of the said Jury, to swear Twelve, who shall be a Jury to enquire touching the Matters in Question; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at such Time or Place as aforesaid, the said Sheriff or Coroner shall return other qualified and indifferent Men who may speedily be procured, to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve; and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; and the said Justices of the Peace are hereby also empowered and required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time to summon before

them

1281

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

them, or before any Two Justices who may attend, all such Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined as Witnesses touching the Matters in Question, as well upon the Application of the Parties intcrelfed as otherwise, and all'o to examine such Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath the said Justices of the Peace are hereby empowered to administer, touching the Matters in Controversy; and the said Justices may, by Order in Witting, direct the said Jury, or any Six or mote of them, to view the Place or Places and Matter in Question, and the said Jury shall esquire of and alibis the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for Satisfaction or Damages as aforesaid, and shall ascertain in what Proportions the Sum or Sums so assessed, shall be paid to the several Persons interested, and the said Justices of the Peace shall give Judgement for such Sum or Sums of Money accordingly; which said Verdict, and the Judgement thereupon pronounced, shall be conclusive upon all Parties interested, and being put into Writing under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices, fh. 11 be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to be kept among the Records of the Sessions of the Peace for the said County, and a true Copy thereof shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts of Justice; and the said Clerk of the Peace shall be paid Five Shillings and no more, for the depofuing and keeping of every such Verdict and Judgement; which said Copy the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy is hereby required to make and deliver to any Person or Persons requiring the fame, he, she, or they paying for such Copy after the Rate of Two-pence for every Seventy-two Words, and no more.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if such Sheriff-Cora.

or Coroner, or his Undersheriff or Agent, shall make Default in the Pre- ner. Under miles, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum writ

noc exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds; and if any Per- n?ir«, making fun so summoned and returned as aforesaid on such Jury, shall not appear, Dcf»ult-

or shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refulc to give his Ver-didi, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall noc appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined or to give Evidence, every Person so offending, having no reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by the said Justices of the Peace, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Sum as the said Justices shall aejudge, not exceeding Ten Pounds for any On£ Offence.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where a Verdict E<pence» of shall be given for more Monies as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any tl,e Julf* Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or Persons whomsoever, or for any Damage to be done to any Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or Persons, than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, then all the Expences of taking such Inquest, shall be settled by the said Justices, and be defrayed by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act; but if any Vrrdid shall be given or made for the fame or a less Sum than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or in case no Damages shall be given by the Verdict, where the Dispute is for Damages only, then and in every such Case the Costs and Expences of taking such Inquest, shall be settled in like Manner by the said Justices, and be borne and paid by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of, or other Person or Persons interested ;n the \_Loc, Per.] 14 T Lands

ii8a

Act not to extend to taking down Houses, etc, without Consent.

Commissioners required to purchase Lands cut through of certain Di-mcnficus

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

Lands or Hereditaments in Question; which said Costs and Expences, having been lb settled, shall and may be deducted out of the Money io assessed and adjudged, where the same shall e xceed Inch Costs and Expences, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed or adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the said Commissioners, in and by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for Recovery of the Rates and Taxes: Provided always, That whenever any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence or otherwise, have been prevented from treating, One Elalf of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, shall be borne and defrayed by the said Commissioners, and the other Half by such other Person or Persons as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to the taking down of any Dwelling House or other Building, (except Bridges, Culverts, Sluices, or Dams), without the Consent of the Owners or Proprietors and Occupier or Occupiers thereof respectively, to be signified by Writing under their Hands.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if in making any new River or Cut, or altering the Channel of the River Brut, or in making any of the Works relating thereto, any Piece or Parcel of Land shall be cut through and divided, lo that what shall be left on either Side of such Cut or River shall be less than One Acre in Quantity, or less than Two hundred Yards in Breadth through the whole, Length thereof, and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Piece or Parcel of Land, shall not have any other Land adjoining thereto, then the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and requited to take and purchase such Pieces or Parcels of Land, and shall pay for the same to the O vner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, after the fame Rate and in the same Manner as they shall pay or be adjudged to pay for the Land adjoining thereto, which shall be taken and used by them for the Purposes aforesaid; provided the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or the Person or Persons entitled to the Poss.ffiorv or to the Rents and Profits of such Lands respectively, shall, by Writing, under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, deliver to the said Commissioners, within One Calendar Month next after Payment and Satisfaction shall be made for the other Land so taken and used by the said Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, require the said Commissioners to take and purchase the fame; and for that Purpose it shall he lawful for all such Owners of or Persons interested in such Piece or Parcel of Land, to (ell and convey the same to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, notwithstanding the y may be under Dila-bility or Incapacity as herein before mer.t oned, with resprft 10 La-ids to be taken or used for executing the several Powtrs of this Act; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and, empowered to sell and convey such Lands which they shall be L> required 10 take and purchase as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be willing to purchase the fame; and tire Monies arising from such Sale shall be appropriated from Time to Time for the Purposes of this Act: And chat any such Conveyance may be made and effected by n Deed in Writing,

5 " according

41° GEORGII IH. Cap. 75. 1283

according to the following Forms, or as near thereto as the Case will admit of; (that is to say) where the said Conveyance shall be made to the said Commissioners, (which said Conveyance or Conveyances the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to accept and take) it may be made in the following Form, or as near thereto as the Nature of the Cafe will admit of:

I A.B. of in Consideration of

1 to me paid by C.D. (Ac. Commissioners appointed in or by virtue of

an AcI passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here set forth tie Title of the Ail] do hereby

grant, fell, rebate and convey [or, if Leafeho'd or Copyhold, fell or af«

« signj unto the said Commissioners, all, (Ac. [dtfenbing the Premtfet to he ‘ convened] and all my [or, our] Estate, Riglir, Title, arid Interest to ‘ and in the fame, to hold to the said Commissioners, their Successors ami

Aihgns for ever [or, if Leasehold or Copyhold, or fur a particular Estate,

flute the Term or Interesl intended to be granted or assigned] by virtue and

according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act.’

And in case such Conveyance shall be from the said Coitmvflioners to any Punhalcr or Purchasers, it may be made in the following Form, or as near thereto as the Nature of the Cafe will admit of; (that is to

fry).

‘ xxrE Commissioners, appointed in or by virtue of an Af.t

passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of King George the

Third, intituled, An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act) in Consider-

‘ ation of the Sum of to us paid by A.B. of

do hereby severally grant, fell, rdeafe, and convey, [or. if

Leasehold or Copyhold, fell or assign] untu the said A.B. all [deferring

lb Prermfet to be conveyed'] and all our Estate, Right, Title, and Jnfc-

rest, to and in the fame, to hold to the said A.B. his Heirs ami Alhgns

for ever, [or, if Leasehold or Copyhold, or for a particular Estate, fate

the Trm or Interesl intended to be granted or assigned] by virtue and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the find Act,’

In Witness, &c.*

XX. Provided nevertheless, That in case the Owners or Proprietors Thettwnef* of and Persons interested in such Pieces or Parcels of Land as atorefiud, u\(^’'nlu shall be mjnded and desirous of felling the fa ok to afly other Perlort Others', and or Persons, and not to the said Commissioners, then and in such Calc nottjthe it shall be lawful for them, and they are hereby authorized and rtnpow- ^'TtUcy" ered, to sell and dispose of the same to such other Per on or pm fans, p«.erit. upon giving Notice as aforesaid of such th.ir Intention to tins said Lom-luifiioners.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money Shall be paid or Application agreed or awaded to be paid, for the Purchase of any i.ancls of Hcfedi-taments, purchased and fold, taken or ufrd, by virtue of the Powers of exceeding this Act, or for any Damages done to such Lands or Hereditaments as I0a'-herein particularly mentioned, and the said Money shall belong ro any Corporation, Feme Coven, Infant, Lunatick, or Pci fun nr Persons u.n-d r any oth r Disability or Incapac ty as herein mentioned, such Monty shall, in case the fame exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name

and

1284 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under thr Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Oder made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or Part thereof, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be lb applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other M-f-luages. Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments shall be so purchased, taken, or used, or damaged as aforesaid. Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, on the Request of any One of the said Commissioners in Writing signed by him or them, and without any Order of the Court of Chancery, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time go and belong to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the fare! Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money

Moncydocj aSrcc(^ or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, pur-

not exceed chafed, taken, or used or damaged as aforesaid, and belonging to any than n°i le^ Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as *u ' aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, nor be Jess than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used or damaged, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Nime and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Money may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

41° GEORGII III. Cap.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be paid to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being hive been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act } or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

, ’ ' i"

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any new Cut or new Cuts, new Bank or new Banks, shall be made by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of straightening the said River Brue, and in consequence thereof Parts of the old or ancient Channel of the said River be choaked or filled up, and the fame together with the Banks thereof become use-lese as to any beneficial Purpose for draining the said Low Lands and Grounds, that then and in every such Case the Owners or Occupiers of the several Lands who have from Time to Time heretofore been charged and burthened with the cleansing, throwing, and repairing such Parts of the said last-mentioned River and Banks, shall from Time to Time cleanse, throw, and repair such new Cut or Cuts, Bank and Banks, which shall be made in the Place of such Part of the said River which shall be so rendered useless as aforesaid, in such Quantities and Proportions, and in such Places and Manner, as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their Award to be made as herein-after is mentioned, order and directj and such Person and Persons shall be at Liberty, from Time to Time* and at all proper and ftalonable Times, to enter into such Lands through which any such new Cut or Cuts shall be made as aforesaid, for the Purpose of throwing and cleansing such new Cut or Cuts, Bank or Banks as aforesaid, doing as little Damage thereby as may be.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall discharge and exonerate, or be construed to discharge and exonerate, any Person or Persons, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, from the repairing, maintaining, and cleansing the old Channel of the Kivrr Bruet and the Banks thereof, in such Quantities and Proportions, Manner and Form, as such Person or Persons; Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, have been hitherto respectively bound to do by Tenure, Prescription, or otherwise howsoever, except in such Cases as art herein-before immediately provided for.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That such Parts of the said old or ancient Channel of the said River, which shall so become useless as aforesaid, immediately after such new Cut or new Cuts shall be made, by or under the Direchon of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, together with the Ground and Soil of the fame, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, shall be veiled ir» the said Commissioners and their Successors, who are hereby authorized and required to offer the fame for Sale to such Person or Persons whose Lands shall lie adjoining thereto; and in case such Person or Persons shall not agree with the said Commissioners, or shall refule to purchase the fame, the said Commissioners shall sell and dispose of the fame by publick Auction, or otherwise as to them shall seem meet, and to convey the same to any Purchaser or Purchasers thereof

[Lee. & Per.J 14 Z respect

1285

Application where Money is lei'* than ao L

Where, on

Account of any new Cut any of the old River Hi <11 be Tendered useless a Drain the Persons who used to cicanfe such useless Part shall tlo their Works in tUt new Cat.

Persons not exonerated from doing their ancient Works.

Parts of the River render, ed useless to vest in the Commissioners.

1286

firidges to be made over Drains where PafTige to Land is ob-strutted.

New Work* so

be kept in Repair by the Owners of L unis benefited.

Commissioner* to make a

Ratecr AflclIV

ment on all the Lands affected to defray the Expences*

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

respectively, in Fee Simple, by such Form of Conveyance as herein-before mentioned and fee forth as the Form of Conveyance from the said Commissioners, to any Purchaser or Purchasers of Land separated into fraall Parcels as aforesaid, or as near thereto as the Nature of the Cafe will admic of; and that the Money arising front such Sale ot Sales shall be appropriated to the Purposes of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if by the making of any Cur, Drain, or other Work, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, the Passage of any Person or Persons to or from his, her, or their Grounds or Premises, on Foot, or with Cattle or Carriages, will be obflrucbd or intcrupted, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, before or immediately after such Works shall be completed, to cau e all such necessary Bridges as the Case may require, to be properly built for the convenient Passage of the Occupier or Occupiers of such Grounds or Premises respectively, to and from the same, on Foot, or with Cattle and Carriages; and to defray the Expence of erecting and making such Bridges out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Expence of repairing and keeping in Repair all and every the new Banks, Rivers, Cuts, (except such new Cuts and Banks as are herein-before last mentioned) Rhines, Ditches, Passages, Trenches, Engines, Sluices, Floodgates, Culverts, Bridges, and other new Works, which may be1 made by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act), shall from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, be borne and defrayed by the several Owners and Occupiers of Land which shall be benefited Or affected the^cb^ in the fe-several Proportions as the said Commissioners shall in by their said Award direct and appoint.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, at such Time or Times after the passing of this Act as they shall think proper so to do, to cause a proper Survey and Valuation to be made of all such Low Lands and Grounds within the Parishes and Chapelries aforesaid, as in their Opinion shall or may receive Benefit by such intended Drainage, and shall assess and lay on the fame a Tax by a Pound Rate, according to the Value of such Lands and Grounds, in Proportion to the Benefit and Advantage such Lands and Grounds shall or may respectively receive in their Judgement by such intended Drainage; and from Time to Time as they may fee Occasion, to alter, vary, or extend the said Rate or Assessment. and shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or Chapelwardens or Chapelwarden, or Overseers or Overseer of the Poor of each and every Parish and Chapelry where any Lands are so afiefled, or unto some or One of them, a fair Copy or fair Copies of tire Assessmcnc made on the several Lands lying within such Parish or Chapelry, together with a Notice, at the End of such Assessment, of the Time and Place the said Commissioners intend to meet, to hear and take into Consideration any Objection which may be made thereto by any Person or Persons interested; and the said Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Chapelwardens or Chapelwarden, Overseers or Overseer, to whom such Copies or Copy of such Airelfmenc shall be delivered as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required to cause Notice to be given on the Two ensuing Sundays after

3 receiving

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 72. 128?

receiving the fame, in the Church or Chapel of such respective Parish or Chapelry immediately after Divine Service shall be performed in such Church or Chapel on such said Sundays, or by Wri ing to be affixed on the principal cuter Door of such Church or Chapel, and where the fame can be done by both such Ways or Means, that such AffHTment is so left with them or him, and fix a Day and Time for a Meeting of the Persons interested therein, to be held within Twenty-eight:

Days after the Receipt of such Assessment, at the Place where Vestries or Parish Meetings, are usually held, or at fume other convenient Place in the said Parish or Chapelry, for the Purpose of taking the fame into Consideration; and shall produce such Assessment ar such Meeting for the Purpose aforesaid, and shall in the mean Time fufrer the same to be inspeifled and copied at all reasonable Times by any Person or Persons interested therein, under a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, for each Default in any One of the Duties hereby imposed on them respectively; and the said Commissioners are hereby also required to insert Notices in the Newspapers as herein mentioned, that such Assessments are made and left with the Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Chapelwardens or Chapelwarden, Overseers or Overseer as aforesaid, and of the Times and Places when the said Commissioners will meet to hear and take into Consideration any Objections which may be made to the said Rates as aforesaid and the said Commissioners are hereby required to hear all and every Objections and Objection which ftiail or may be made by any Person or Persons to any such Assessments, or to any Matter or Thing in any or either of them contained, and shall determine the fame according to the bell of their Skill and Judgement, and shall alter the Rate or Assessment accordingly if they think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall in consequence of any such Determination of the said Commissioners (but not otherwise) find themselves, himself, or herself aggrieved, either in the Whole or in Part, or as to the Quantum of the said Assessment, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal against such Rate or Assessment, and Determinations of the said Commissioners, to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County; and the Justices of the Peace assembled at such Session, shall and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to settle such Rate or Assessment, and to alter the fame if they think proper: Provided always, That if the First Day of such next General Quarter Sessions be within Thirty Days inclusive from the Day and Notice of such Determination of the said Commissioners, then such Appeal or Appeals may be made at the said First or at the Second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the same County, on giving Ten Days Notice to the said Commissioners; and the Determination of the Court of Quarter Sessions shall be binding and conclu-fivcoupon all Parties; and the said Court of Quarter Sessions ftiail be at Liberty to give Colts on such Appeals, to be paid by the said Commissioners if the Court shall determine against them, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, or to be paid to the said Commissioners by the Appellant or Appellants, in case the Court shall confirm the Determination of the said Commissioners; and if the Appellant or Appellants shall not pay such Colls as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered as herein-after provided with re.'peel to the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

XXX. Pro

1288

Commissioner? not to afleis any Lands i ot benefited by the Drainage.

Commission-trs nor to a fiefs Lands tohiih ha\e not been Hooded for Ten Years previous to June 1798.

Commissioners to make Rates to raise the Money to defray the Expences.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to authorize or cm-power the said Commissioners to lay any Rate, Tax, or AlP-ll'ment on any Lands or Grounds, which from the Quality or Situation thereof, or other Cause, will not be benefited by such intended Drainage.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to make any such Rate or Assessment on any Lands which have not been flooded within the Space of Ten Years next before the Twenty-fourth Day of June, which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred an 1 ninety-eight, by means of any Impediments or Obstructions in the said River Brut, or the Outlets thereof.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Hull,

and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, from Time to Time, after the said Aflefirnenc shall have been so settled and determined, and subject to such Alterations and Variations as may be made therein by the said Commissioners, and to the Relief hereby directed to be given to Persons who may be over or wrong charged, either by the said Commissioners or the said Court of Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, to make a Rate or Rates on the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds, in the Proportions and conformably to such Assessment so determined and settled as aforesaid; and shall thereby from Time to Time raise and levy such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be (efficient ro pay and defray all the Colts, Charges, and Expences, which have been incurred, and which shall be incurred in the fdieittng this Act, and in every Thing relating thereto, and of defending any Appeal, or any other Litigation or Controversy arising out of the Duties imposed on the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, and also of surveying, measuring, planning, and valuing the said Lands and Grounds, and of purchasing Lands and Hereditaments, and of building any new Outlet or Outlets, Bridge or Bridges, Clyes or Clyefes, and of making any new Cuts, and of purchasing Lands for that Purpose, and of building, scouring, digging, widening, pulling down, deepening, altering, and repairing all such Bridges, Banks, Dams, Sluices, Culverts, Rhines, Ditches, Watercourseq and Drains, as shall be deemed necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and of preparing and depositing the Award or Instrument herein-after mentioned, and all other the necessary Allowances, Charges, and Expences relative to the putting this Act into Execution, and executing and completing the several Works, Matters, and Things hereby required to be done and executed; and the said Commissioners shall cause a Notice or Notices of the Time and Place, or Times and Places, when and where such Rate shall respectively be directed to be paid, and of the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same, to be published in the Church or Chapel wherein the Lands so assessed shall respectively lie, on some Sunday immediately after Divine Service; and also cause the like Notice to be fixed on the principal outer Dcor of the said Church or Chapel Ten Days at least before such Time of Payment; and in case any Person or Persons who shall be so rated or assessed, shall neglect or retufe to pay his, her, or their Share or Share*, Proportion or Proportions of such Rate, at the Time or Place, and Times or Places, and to the Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, that then the said Commissioners shall and - may.

1289

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

may, and they are hereby author zed and empowered, by Warnnf under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whrm they shall think proper for that Purpose, from Time to Time to levy such Rates by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of loch Person or Persons lo neglecting or rtfufing to pay the same, or by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Tenant or Occupier, Tenants or Occupiers, of any of the Lands on which such Rate or AirdTment shall be made or laid as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (it any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after paying all the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale; and in case the fame or any Parc thereof cannot be levied by Distress and Sale as aforesaid, by any Want ot a Tenant, or Infufikiency of Stock or otherwise, then the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to authorize any Person or Persons whom they shall think proper for that Purpose to appoint, to emer into and upon and take possession of the Lands on which such Tax and Assessment shall be so laid, arid which the Owner or Owners thereof have i’o neglected or refused to pay as aforesaid, and ro let the lame, and to receive ihe Rents and Profits 'hereof respectively, until thereby orthere-with such Rate so neglected or refused to be paid as aforesaid, and also all Costs, Charges, and F.xpences occasioned by such E try, and the Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the said Premises, shall be respectively fully paid and satisfied; and the said Commissioners are hereby directed and required from Time to Time to appropriate and apply all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be so raped and received by virtue of this Act't, towards the f.vrral Colts, Charges, and Expences aforesaid; provided that tile f.iid Commissioners shall nut be at Liberty to raise or cause to be raised more than One Half Part of the Whole of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, within the Space of Fifteen Calendar Months.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Lands and Grounds so to be rated and alTrfied as aforesaid, shall at any Time be unrenanred or unoccupied, so that sufficient Distress cannot be found whereon to levy the said Taxes or Assessments, and the said Commissioners shall not think proper to enter upon, and let the same as aforesaid, then the Lands and Grounds to be charged with such Taxes and Afieffmems shall remain a Security for Payment thereof; and all Corn, Hay, and other Goods and Chattels, and Stock, which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, appraised, and fold in Manner aforesaid, until all Arrears of such Taxes and Assessments, and the Charges of such Distress, and detaining, keeping, and felling the lame, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XXXIV. And to the End the said Rates may be more easily and effectually collected, be it further cnatted, That where any of the Lands and Grounds which shall be so rated or aflefit-d as aforesaid, shall be in the Occupation of any Tenant or Tenants at Rack Rent, such Tenant or Tenants, except as next herein-after mentioned, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to pay all and every such Sum and Sums of Mo-r.cy as shall be so rated or a flu fled on the respective Lands and Grounds in their respective Occupation, and to deduct and retain, out of the Rent which shall be then due, or which shall thenafter become due for such [Let. (*? Per.'] 15 A ' respective

Method of ret overin5 the AssessT-ments for Lands un-tenanted.

Tenant* to

pav the Af-leflment, and to dedu£fc it out of their Rent,

1290

Where there are Leases at Hark Rent, the Com m i ffioneri. are to apportion the Assessment between Lessor and Lessee*

Tenants in Tail for Lif', fcrr. enabled to raise the AffrflTinent by Mortgage.

Tenants for Life may charge by Will.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

respective Lands and Grounds, all such Sum and Sums of Money which he, she, or they, shall have so respectively paid as aforesaid; and die several and respective Landlords and Owners of such Lands and Grounds are hereby required to allow such Deductions out of such Rent.

XXXV. Provided always, That where any Lands or Ground shall be demised to any such Tenant or Tenants at Rack Rent, for any Term or Terms of Years, that then the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to apportion such Race and Assessment between the Lessor or Lelfors and the Lessee or Lessees, in such Manner as to them shall leem just and reasonable-, and such Lessee or Lessees shall only be authorized and empowered to deduct the Portion or Portions which shall by the said Commissioners be charged on the Lessor or Lessors as aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons being Tenants in Tail or for Life, or for any Vicar or Rector, or for any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or for the Husband of any Feme Covert, seised only in Right of his Wife, and for all Persons being or acting as Guardians, Committees, Trustees, or Attornies, for, nf, or ro any Minors, Idiots, Lunaticks, or Persons beyond the Seas, or under any legal Incapacity or Disability whatsoever, and for all Trustees or Feoffees for charitable Trusts or Uses, by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners, to be testified in Writing under their Hands and Seals, in and by any Deed or Infttument to be executed by them either before or within Two Yeats after the Execution of their Award to be made as herein-after is directed, from Time to Time to charge the several Lands or Grounds which shall be so rated or afieffed as aforesaid for the Purposes of this Act, with the several Sum and Sums of Money which shall be so laid, rated, or assessed thereon by virtue of this Act; and also with any Sum or Sums of Morey which shall be agreed to be and shall be paid by them, any or either of them, to the said Commissioners, in lieu of the Costs, Charges, and Expences of keeping HighbriJgt, or any other Bridge in Repair, as herein-after mentioned; and for fccu ring the Re payment of the fame, with Interest, to demifeor grant, for any Term or Terms of Years, the several Lands which shall be so rated or assessed, unto the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the fame respectively, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; so as such Grants or Demiles respectively shall be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an Agreement therein contained that such Term or Terms shall be surrendered, when the Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and so as in every such Demise and Grant there be infeited a Covenant to pay and keep down Half-yearly the Interest of the Money thereby secured, and One Twentieth Pait of the Principal, during the Life cr Interest for which the said Lands or Grounds so to be charged, demised, or granted, shall be respectively held; provided that no Person or Persons entitled to the Remainder or Rev^rfion of the Lands so to be charged, demised, and granted, shall be liable to pay any greater Arrear of Interest for the said Money so borrowed, than for the Half Year preceding the 7‘ime that the Title of such last-mentioned Person or Persons shall have commenced; and that it shall be lawful for any such Tenant in Tati or for Life, and all other Persons as aforesaid, by any Deed or Deeds

i2gi

4.10 GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

Deeds in Writing, or by his, her, or their last Will and Testament in Writing, duly executed according to Law, either before or after the signing of the said Award of the said Commissioners, to charge the said Lands and Grounds with such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so laid, rated, or assessed thereon, and which shall have been accordingly paid by such Tenant in Tail or for Life, or other Person as aforesaid, and to direct such Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, Share, and Proportion, as he, she, or they shall think fit, with Interest for the fame, to commence from the Day of the Death of such Tenant in’Tail ot for Life, or other Person respectively and that every such Grant and Demise by way of Charge or Mortgage, and every such Deed or Will and Testament made in pursuance of this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, notwithstanding the Want of Title in such Tenants in Tail or for Life, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Husbands. Guardians, Committees, Trustees, or Attornies, or Persons acting as Guardians, Committees, Trustees, or Attornies, or any prior Settlement, Will, Trust, Remainder, Limitation, or other Impediment or Incumbrance whatsoever, of, on, or concerning the said Lands or Grounds, then in being or capable of taking Effect to the contrary.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, shall be made by Authority of this Act, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, by him, her, or them duly executed, assign or transfer the Security or Securities, or ihe Principal Money and lniereft thereby secured, and all his, her, or their Right, Title, and Interest in and to the fame, unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, who may again in like Manner assign the fame, and so toties quoties; and such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors and Administrators, and all Persons claiming under them, or any of them, shall and may ule, take, and pursue all such lawful Methods, Courses, and Expedients in Law or Equity, for the recovering and obtaining the Pof-lession of the Premises so to be mortgaged, demised, or assigned as aforesaid, in calc of Non-payment of the Principal Money and Interest to be thereby secured, or any Part thereof, as is or are used, taken, and pur-lued, in all Cases of the like Nature.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That ic shall be lawful for any Lessee or Lessees for Life or Lives, or Lessee or Lessees for any Term or Terms of Years determinable with One or more Life or Lives, or for any Lessee or Lessees for any Term or Terms of Years not exceeding Fifty Years from the Commencement, such Lessee or Lessees not being Tenant or Tenants at Rack Rent, or for any Copyholder or Copyholders for One or more Life or Lives, of any such Lands or Grounds which shall be so rated or assessed as aforesaid, by and with the like Consent of the said Commissioners, to be testified as herein-before is mentioned, from Time to Time to charge the several Leasehold or Copyhold Lands or Grounds which shall be so rated or assessed as aforesaid for the Purposes of this Act, and also with any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be agreed to be and shall be paid by them, any or either of them, to the said Commissioners, in lieu of the Costs, Charges, and Expences of keeping High.

bridge,

Mortgagees may be al-fi^ned.

I.rfi* and < opyhol lers for Lives, etc. to br at Liberty to charge the Land* wi h the Sum aliened, on paying off the Interest, and One T weiitieth Pai t of the Principal yeaily.

1292

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

bridge or any other Budge in Repair as herein-after mentioned, with the Several Sum and Sums of Money whion shall be so rated or affeliwi thereon by virtue of this Act; and for securing the Re-payment of the samp with Interest, to demise and grant, for a Term not exceeding Twenty-five Years, of the several Lands or Grounds which shall be so rated or affisfled, or any Bart thereof, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the lame respectively, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; so as such Grants or Demises respectively shall be made with the J:ke Proviso or Condition to be void, or with the like Agreement to be furreniiered as aforesaid, when the Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and so as in every such last mentioned Demise and Grant there be inferred a Covenant to pay and keep down yeaily the Interest, and to pay off yearly One Twentieth Part of the Principal Money thereby fccurtd during the Ellaie or Interest of such Lessee or Lefties, Copyholder or Copyholders, in such Lands or Grounds so to be charged, derailed, or granted, lot h Payment to commence and begin from the Time of making such Assessment; and that every such Lft mentioned Demise or Grant Hull be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; all which several Demises, Gran s, or Moitgages, so to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be transferable and assignuble, in like Manner as any other Mortgages are transferable or assignable: Provided always, That no such Lessee or l.elsees. Copyholder or Copyholders, shall have Power to charge any such Leasehold or Copyhold Lands with any Sum or Sums of Money that may be rated or aftelTed thereon for maintaining and keeping in Repair any of the Works hereby dir. Ct'd to be made and performed by the said Comnullioners, or with any Sum or Sums of Money that may be rated or aflclk-d thereon by the said Commissioners of Sewers.

Commission-

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said anysi-an Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest, of any Person or Persons willing to advance M <rt°:i e"f anil ^cntJ the Cme, fut h Sum and Sums of Monty (not exceeding in the in Skates.0 Whole the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds) v.hich the said Comirul-oners shall think expedient, towards defraying the Charges and Expences of passing and executing ilie Powers of this Act, and the lawful Interest thereof, until the fame can be conveniently raised and repaid by and out of the Monies to be collected and raised by the said several Rates and Assessments as aforesaid; which said Sum and Sums of Money, which shall be lo borrowed by the said Commissioners, shall be a Charge on the Credit of the said Rates and Asseflfments, and the Money thereby intended to be raised and levied, until the Lid Money lo burrowed shall be repaid, w'th lawful Interest for the fame; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to raiie the said Money upon Credit as aforesaid, and also to mortgage and charge the said Ratts and Assess-iner.ts, and the Money to be thereby raised, to any Person or Persons who shall agree to advance and lend any Sum or Sums of Money thereun, with such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall so borrow as aforesaid, and which Ih.to be repaid by and out of the first Money that shall, after the Dare and Execution of such Charge, be raised and h vied by the said Rates and Assessments, or any of them, by virtue uf this Act.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7a.

XL. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Taxes *nd Assessments, to be raised and levied by this Act, shall be charged and chargeable with the Payment of the Principal Money so to be borrowed by the said Commissioners, and the Interest thereof, and shall vest in the respective Creditors, upon Default of Payment of such Principal and Interest, at the Time and Times to be appointed for Payment thereof, until the fame and every Part thereof shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof; and the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall have the fame Powers, Rights, and Privileges of receiving, levying, and recovering the said several Taxes and Assessments, payable by the several and respective Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds, for and in respect of such Principal Monies and Interest, in case of Default of Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners, or their Collectors or other Officers, would or could have had by virtue and under the Authority of this Act, in case such Principal and Interest had been regularly and fully paid and satisfied.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Money so raised and received by virtue of this Act, shall amount to the Sum oif Three hundred Pounds, either by way of Charge and Mortgage as aforesaid, or by Collection of the said Rates and Assessments, the same shall be by the said Commissioners iranfmirted to any respectable Banking House as the said Commissioners shall choose, there to be placed to the Credit of the said Commissioners, (who shall, if they fee Caulc or Occasion for so doing, from Time to Time choose any other Banking House); and that all Drafts to be drawn by the said Commissioner* on such Bankers, shall specify the Name of the Person to whom such Draft is payable, and the Service or Purpose for which the fame is paid; and the Commissioners are hereby also directed and required at the First Epiphany General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County next after passing this Act, to deliver in open Court an Account, signed by them, of all Monies which shall at that Time have been received and paid by them by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and shall therein specify the exact Balance of such Account, and shall do the like at every ensuing Epiphany Sessions, during so long Time as the Powers of the said Commissioners, under and by virtue of this Act, shall last and continue.

XLII. Provided nevertheless, That the said Commissioners, or any or either of them, shall not be responsible or accountable for any Loss of such Monies, or any Part thereof, as shall arise or happen from the Failure of any such Bank in which such Money shall or may be kept or dc-pofired.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be ltwful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think fit and proper (o to do, to conrraft and agree with any Person or Persons whomsoever, who by reason of their, his, or her Tenure of any Manors, Lands, or Hered.taments, are bound to keep Htgbbridge, or any other Bridge now (landing on or over the said River Drue in Repair, to releale and discharge such Person or Persons from all future Cods, Charges, and Expences of keeping such Bridge or Bridges in Repair, on being paid by such Persons such Sum or Sums of Money to [Lee. Per.] 15 B be

*293

Aflt Aments to be chargeable with Money borrowed, and Interest;

and in Default of Payment, to be levied by Creditors.

Commissioners to lodge the Monies to be collected by virtue of this Act at a Banking House, and to produce their Accounts at every Epiphany Quarter Sessions.

Commissioners not answerable for Banking House.

Authorizing the Connr.iffleneisto a^rre for the Discharee of certain Persons from all future Colls, keeping of Highbridge, or any other Bridge, in Repair.

1*94

Power to summon Witnesses.

Witnesset (iving ialfe Evidence, to

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

be applied to the Purposes of this Act, in lieu of keeping such Bridge of Bridges in Repair, as they the said Commissioners shall in their Judgement consider to be a fair and bona fide ConfidcTation or Satisfaction for rc-leafing and discharging such Person or Persons, and such Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, from the future Repairs of such Bridge or Bridges, having regard to the Average Expences of keeping such Bridge or Bridges in Repair for the last Twenty-five Years; and that after such Agreement made, and such Sum and Sums of Money paid, such Person or Persons, his, her, and their Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, thall from thenceforth for ever after be exonerated, released, and dilchaiged from all the Coils, Charges, and Expences of keeping such Bridge or Bridges in Repair, and such Bridge or Bridges Hi all from thenceforth for ever after be repaired, maintained, and kept in Repair, by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, and by and out of the Monies to be raised by the said Commissioners of Sewers, by virtue of the Rate or Assessment to be made by the said Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of and under this Act, and annexed to their Award as herein-after memioned; and that it shall be lawful for the Owner or Owners of any such Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments, being Tenants in Tail or for Life, or for any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or for the Husbandsof any Femes Covert, and for all Persons being or acting as Guardians, Committees, Trustees, or Attornies for, of, or to any Minors, Idiots, Lunaticks, or Persons beyond the Seas, or under any legal Incapacity or Disability whatsoever, and for allTrufi tecs or Feoffees for charitable Trusts or Uses, and for all Ltfice or Lelfces for any Term or Terms of Years determinable with One or more Life or Lives, or for any Lessee or Lessees for any Term or Terms of Years, not exceeding Fifty Years from the Commencement, or for any Copyholder or Copyholders for One or more Life or Lives, to agree with the said Commissioners accordingly, and to raise the Money in Manner herein-before expressed.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time as they shall see Occasion, by Wrting under their Hands to summon and require any Person or Persons to appear before them, at a Day and Place in such Writing to be named, then and there to testify on Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to administer) the Truth touching any Matter relative to the Execution of this Act, and to cause a true Copy of such Writing to be served upon such Person or Persons, or left at his, her, or their last Place of Abode-, and every such Person lo summoned, who shall not appear before the said Commissioners pursuant to such Summons, (except for some reasonable Cause), or shall rtfufe to be sworn and fully examined, (chereason-able Charges of his or her Attendance to be settled by the Lid Commissioners, being to him or her first paid or tendered), and being thereof convicted before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Somerset, upon Information thereof, on Oath made before any Rich Justice, (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer), shall forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, as such Justice shall think reasonable.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Witness or Witnesses who shall be examined by or before the said, Commissioners or any Justice 1 or

41° GEORGII lit. Cap. 7*: 1293

or Justices of the Peace, under this Act, upon Oath, shall wilfully give p£S'‘j,ty of false Evidence, and shall be thereof convicted, he, she, or they so giving eJ11"5' false Evidence shall be subject to the Pains and Penalties inflicted on Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, Tlrat the said Commissioners, aSfoon Award; as conveniently may be after they have compleated the several Works directed to be made and done by this Act, and within Three Years next after the raid herein-before mentioned Rate or Assessment shall be determined atld settled as aforesaid, shall form and draw up, or cause to be formed and drawn up, an Award or Instrument in Writing, which shall express and specify the Quantity and Contents, in Statute Measure, of the Lands and Grounds interested in or affected by the said Drainage, or which shall or may in any respect be benefited thereby, and the Names of the Owners or Occupiers thereof respectively; and which shall also express and specify an Account of all the Bridges, Sluices, Floodgates, Outlets, Cuts, Rivers,

Drains, and other Works, which are to be maintained and kept in Repair in pursuance of this Act, together with all proper Orders and Directions by whom and at whose Expence all and singular the said new Works, which shall be made or directed to be done by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, as well as all other Bridges, Sluices, Outlets, Drains, and other Works, which shall come under the Cognizance of the Did Commissioners by virtue of this Act, shall be thereafter kept and repaired, and shall contain such other Orders and Regulations, touching and concerning the same, as they the said Commissioners shall think necessary and proper for the Maintenance and PrelerVation of the said intended Drainage; and shall make and annex thereto a Rate or Assessment on the said several Lands and Grounds so benefited by such Drainage, and shall give Notice in the Newspapers aforesaid, that the Draft of loch Award or Instrument, and of the said final Rate or AfleAment to be annexed thereto, will be produced and open for the Inspection of all Persons interested therein, on Two fuc-ceflive Days in One Week, at the City of Wells, and on Two successive Days in the ensuing Week at Bridgewater, both in the said County (such Notice to be given at lead Twenty Days before the First Day of producing the same as aforesaid, and at lead Eighty Days before the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County) and of the Times and Places where the said Commissioners will meet to hear and take into Consideration any Objectinn or OSjcftions which may be made thereto, the lad of such Meetings to be held ar lead Thirty Days before the said next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to dirrft and appoint their Clerk, or some other proper Person or Persons, to attend at the Times and Places aforesaid, with such Draft of the said Award and Rate annexed thereto, and to differ the same to be inspected and examined by all Persons interested therein, or their Agents; and if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick,

Corporate, or Collegiate, shall find himself, herfldf, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing therein contained, he, she, or they may appeal against the fame at the said next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County, which said Court of Quarter Sessions is hereby authorized and empo- ered finally to settle and determine the lame, anti to order and direct Cods to be paid as they shall think proper, in like Manner as is hciein-before directed as to the first herein-before mennoned Ra'e or Assess-meni; and no Appeal against any of the Matters or Things contained in the said Award shall be brought after such next General Quarter Sessions

of

I296 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

of the Peace to be held after the said Draft of Award shall be left open for such Inspection and Examination a* aforesaid, unless the said Commissioners shall consent thereto; and in that Cafe no Appeal shall be brought after the Second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace ro be held in and for the said County after such Draft shall be less for Inspection or Examination as aforesaid , which said Award or Instrument and Rate annexed thereto, when finally settled as aforesaid, shall be fairly ingrafted or written on Parchment, and within Two Calendar Months next after such Second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, be signed and sealed by the said Commissioners j and shall within Three Calendar Months next after the same shall be so signed and sealed, be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the County aforesaid, or his Deputy, to be deposited and kept with the Rolls of the said County; and the said Commissioners shall cause a Copy thereof, fairly written in a Book or Books, to be delivered to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Sewers of the said County (for which they shall respectively give Receipts to the said Commissioners) to the End that Recourse may be had thereto respectively by all Persons interested therein; and for receiving thereof, and for signing such said Receipt, the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, and the said Clerk to the Commissioners of Sewers, shall receive Five Guineas each; and the said Award or Instrument shall be bind, ing and conclusive upon all Persons interested in the said Drainage; and a Copy thereof or of any Part thereof attested by the said Clerk of the Peace, or by the said Clerk to the said Commissioners of Sewers, shall from Time

to Time and at all Times thenafter be admitted and allowed in all Courts as legal Evidence; which said Copy the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or the said Clerk of Commissioners of Sewers, is hereby ordered and required to make and deliver to any Person or Persons requiring the lame, he, she, or they paying for such Copy Eight-pence for every i'wo Two hundred Words and no more; and any Person or Persons interested therein shall be at Liberty to insped and peruse the fame, paying to every such Officer for Inspection or Perusal One Shilling, and no more.

After the

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the said be'ex'ecuted Award or Instrument shall be so executed by the said Commissioners, and and delivered delivered to the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, and to the said of the Peace Clerk of the Commissioners of Sewers or either of them, as aforesaid, (of and clerk of which the said Commissioners appointed in or by virtue of this Act are Commission- hereby directed to give Notice in the several Newspapers as aforesaid), all the Powerithe Powers of the said Commissioners appointed under or by virtue of this vested in the Ad shallceafe and determine; and the Commissioners of Sewers acting in and ^appointed for the hud County of Somerset, shall be inverted with and have the fame by this Act and like Power and Authority over all and every the said Cuts, Drains, and the Com ^eos> Rhines, Banks, Sluices, Floodgates, Outlets, Engines, Bridges, miir.onersoT" and other Works, done, made, or executed by virtue of this Act, as they Seweri shall have in or over any of the Rivers, Cuts, Sewers, and other Works ap-the'powen of pertaining or belonging to the Commissioners of Sewers of the said County, this Act. by virtue of any Statute or Law whatsoever; and the said Commissioners of Sewers are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time to assess, tax, and charge, according to the said final Rate or Assessment and Charge, all and every Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time be the Owners or Proprietors of the several Lands and Grounds charged in such final Rate and Afftftmenc, and Charge, towards the repairing, rebuilding,

new

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 72. 1297

new making, or otherwise altering anil amending all and every the said Works intended to be made, done, and executed by the said Commissioners appointed in or by virtue of this Act and in pursuance thereto, when and as often as the same shall be needful and necessary, and shall and may, in Default of Payment thereof, cause the latne to be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means, in luih and the famy Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as is herein-before provided and directed with respect to the Recovery of Rates or Assessments by the said Commissioners appointed in or by virtue of this Act.

XI Will. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners ap- Commission-pointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, (itall and they are hereby empowered and required, within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, to make up, settle, and finally close all their Accounts respecting the Execution of this Act, and thereupon to deliver such Accounts, with all Books, Papers, Writings, and other Matters and Things whatever in their Custody or Power, relating to this Act, and the Works to be done by virtue thereof, to the said Commissioners of Sewers at the Sessions of Sewers, or to their Clerk, or other proper Person or Officer appointed for that Purpose, and from Time to Time to give a Draft on their Bankers for all or any Part of the Balance remaining unapplied to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of Sewers shall from Time to Time, as the fame may be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, at any Session or Sessions of Sewers, order the same to be paid, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act only; and which said Order or Orders of the Sessions of Sewers, shall be a proper D f-charge to the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue of or under this Act, for any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be by them drawn for or paid in pursuance of such Order or Orders as aforesaid.

XLIX. And for preventing the breaking down or damaging any of Penalty for the Works which shall be made or altered in pursuance of this Act, or Work^oT"* otherwise obstructing the Execution of the lame; be it further enacted, o'lftrutting That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter wil- ^el®.*"Uc<t'on fully or designedly damage any Cut, Drain, or Watercourse, Floodgate,

Outlet, Clyes, Sluice, Bridges, or other Work or Works already made or erected, or which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be made or erected, for answering any of the Purposes of this Act, all and every Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be lub-jest and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or the Court may, if they shall think fit, in Mitigation of such Punishment, award such Sentence as the Law directs in case of Petit Larceny; and if any Person shall obstruct, hinder, or molelt the said Commissioners appointed in or by virtue of this Act, or the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any of them, or any Surveyor, Workman, or ocher Person who shall be employed by or under them or any of them respectively, in the Execution of this Act, or do any wilful Hurt or Mil-chief to prevent the carrying on, compleating, and finishing the several Works intended to be done, performed, and executed by virtue of this [Lee. & Per.] 15 C Act,

1298

Indemnity to Persons whole Wo ks or Lands in*y he injured by any new Cut or new Cut*, CSV.

Recovery and

Application of Penalties and Forfeitures,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

Act, every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case any Damage or Injury whatsoever shall be done to the Warths, Lands, Buildings, Bridges, Sea Wails, or Water Works or Water Fences, or to any other Works or Property whatsoever, of any Person or Persons whomsoever, in consequenre of making any such new Outlet or Outlets, Floodgate or Floodgates, Sluice or Sluices, Bridge or Bridges, or any new Cut or Cut*, or any Wo ks below, at, or above such new Outlet or Outlets, Floodgate or Floodgates, on, below, above, at, or near Highbridgt, or any of them, for the Purpol’e of more effectually discharging the Waters of the River Brut, and the several Drains connected therewith, into the River Parrtlt and Bristol Channel aforesaid, or in consequence of widening or deepen, ing the said River Brue, the said Commissioners appointed in and by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time, as long as the Powers and Authorities heiehy given to them shall cxift and continue, repair and make good all such 1 amage and Injury wh ch shall be so done to the Warths, Lands, Buildings, Bridges, Sea Walls, or Water Works or Water F'ences, or to any o.her Works or Property whatsoever, of any Personor Persons as af* Triad, and from Time to Time make new and additional low Water Wo ks and other Water Works, where the lame shall be n<-cefiary; and shall a'so make proper Satisfaction and Compensation for the fame, out of the said Monies to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act , and from and after the said Powers of the said last-menrioned Ct.mmissioners shall cease and determine by virtue of this Act, then such Damage and Injury shall from Time to Time thenafter be repaired and amended, and new and additional low Water Works, and other Water Works, shall from Time to Time be made where the fame may be necessary, by the said Commissioners of Sewers, and such Compensation and Satisfaction be made to the several Persons damaged or injured as aforesaid, by and out of the Money to be collected by virtue of the Rate annexed to the said Award orlnftiument as aforesaid, and which the said Commissioners of Sewers are hereby authorized and required to raise, levy, apply, and pay accordingly; and in case the said Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue of or under this Act, or the said Commissioners of Sewers, and the said Party or Parties, Person or Persons, cannot agree bout the Quantum of such Satisfaction and Compensation, then and in such Case the same shall be ascertained and settled by a Juty, and in like Manner as the Value of Land or Ground used or taken by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, and any Damage or Injury sustained thereby, is herein-before directed to be settled and ascertained.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures for Offences ag.dnft this Act, shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Somerset, or for the County or Place where the Offender shall be or reside, either by the Confession of the Parcy or Parties, or by the Oath of any credible Witness, be levied and recovered by Diltrels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal oi such Justice, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and

required

1299

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

required to grant), and the Overplus, after any such Penalties or Forfeitures, and the Charges of such D.ltrefs and Sale, are recovered and deduded, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of fuih Goods and Chattels; and in cale sufficient Distress cannot be found, or fuels Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid.it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or M.iinpriate for such Time as such Justice shall direct, not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless fuph Penal ics or Forlcitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not herein-before particularly di-redrd, shall be paid to the said Commissioners, and be applied for the Purpules of this Act.

LII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itl'elf shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on Account of any Defed or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall ne afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damages in an Action upon the Cafe.

LIII. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the hallowing Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Case shall happen; (videlicet),

to»ulREitremembCred* That0nthe Djy°f Form f Con-

J in the Yeai* of our Lord viuion.

A.B. is convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the

Peace for the said County [or, Place, as the Case may be, Specifying the

Offence, and Time and Place when and where the fame was committed].

Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year aforesaid.’

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had and

taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of quoted for Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatso- Wa«t of ever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or else- *orra‘ where any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Appeal, think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Cale (except where the Orders or Determinations of the said Commissioners or of any Justices are directed to be final, binding, or conclusive, or where any other Mode of Relief is appointed) such Person or Persons may appeal to any General 5 (Quarter

Perron* aggrieved by Irregularity in Distress, Co recover special Damages.

1300

Limitation of Ailioai,

[Publick Act.]

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place where such Cauf- of Appeal shall happen or arise within Three Calendar Monrhs after th- Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, first giving Ten Days Notice at the least in Writing, of such Intention to appeal, to the Parties interested therein , and the Justices at such Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to mak- such Order therein, and to award such Cods, as to them in their Discretion shall seem meet and reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Charges which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Good* and Chattels of the Party liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be binding and conclusiveon all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Thi ty Days previous Notice in Writing shall be given by the Person or Persons intending to commence and prosecute such Action, Suit, or Information, to the Person or Persons against whom the same shall be brought, nor unless such Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and shall be laid or brought in the County of Somerset and not elsewhere , and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Suit, or Information; shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and t{ie Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act-, and if it shall appear ro have been so done, or if such Action, Suit, or Information shall have been brought or commenced before or after the respective Times so limited for bringing or commencing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuanoe of his, her, or their Action, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Ccfti, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hach for Costs of Suit in any other Cafe by Law.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act j and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading

the fame.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

CAP.

An Act vfdr draining and improving certain Lands and Gxopiid?! an the Parish of iPeverington and Le-' tyringtm Petr fan Drove, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of ^m Bridge. y [20th June 1801.]

[Preamble.]

Sr ~t H ER EAS tAe several Eariels and Ground^ lying in the Parish \/\/ of Levtrington, and Leverington Parson Drove, in the Isle of jirtifd Fin she Gauiyty yf containing Fiye thousand

RBe HyndfG 4hrss» of thereabouts, and abutted and bounded as follows; dd^Hfels-m-iaiifeyTAc^itaui &$.,c^fc’d or Old Sea Bank, in

Itfarfe WyWeftiJJ«o)c depths in Part towards the-fcaft,

4yaf, cerw[>!<}^rj»ji»1^iled ‘{l;e IVSite Pnginc Drain, as far es' the Red En~

dfc*Wtorfc.if}»H <* ftotroU.jGoltf^ut ^ucliogyhe Larne Land of the said £&* EBptpa^ in Part;" and an old

Ml'iptit*n*«fliaB'1Q,'VV.&WGrafs, in the Pafiflr of Tfeititqn, in iPnriltortMF^SWj Mi f, >« ^r^j'-.Lan’dn belonging to

*ci!>{0»9tf Parifl» Of Tid-Saint

Mt$\ i"’ tyb, £orefili Gfein, and Lands

W'fH>*n 4JoiHP^fL‘«;Qr4»-.*V Northv r.re tmich o. {Lee. & Per.] 15 D annoyed

t$oz 410, GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

annoyed with Waters, for want of a proper Drainage; and if the fame were rffebtoally drained great Benrfi would accrue, as well to the Owners and' Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds as to the Publick: But there are no Powers or Provisiorts now in Force, by virtue of or under any'Co'mmiflibn of Sewers, or Law in being sufficient for effirbting the fame; and the said Lands and Grounds cannot be effectually drained without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-Commission- ferribled, and by the Authority of the same, That James Nasmith Doctor ers' in Divinity, Rector of the said Parish of Leverington and Leverington Par-

Jin Drove, and the Rebtor of the same Parish for the Time being, Richard Pollard Clerk, Chaplain or perpetual Curate of the Chapel of Parftn Drove, and the Chaplain or perpetual Curate of the said Chapd for the Time being, Thomas William Cock, Spelman Swaine, and William Shimshire Esquires, Samuel Cross, Joseph Plumptre, and John Swaine Clerks, Joseph Buckworth, Daniel Culy, John Dearlove, Thomas Foster, Rich a) d Gunn, John Hart, John Ether ingtan, Alice Hepburn, John John Jon, George Johnson, Edmund Johnson, Richard Lew in, Nicholas Lumpkin, William Martin, William M-irshall', J-’m Nicholls, Robzart Rainer, Samuel Stanton, Samuel Taylor, John Taylor, John Ulyatt, Robert West, Robert WJl the Younger, and William Henley Worrall, shall be, and they and their Successors, to be elebted in Manner herein-ascer mentioned, are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Abt into Execution.

Qiniification

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That none of the Boner?."111* fiid Persons (the Rebtor of Leveringion for the Time being, and the Chaplain or perpetual Curate of the Chapel of Parson Drove for the Time being excepted) shall be capable of acting as Commissioners under this Abt, but during such Time only as they shall respectively be the Owners of Twenty Acres at the least of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be drained; and upon any One of the said Persons (except as aforesaid) being or becoming unqualified as aforesaid, another Person, duly qualified, shall be elebted in his or her Room, in Manner herein-after prescribed.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person, not being qualified as aforesaid (the Rtblor of Leveringion for the Time being, and the Chaplain or perpetual Curate of the Chapel of Parson Drove for the Time being, and such Commissioners as shall be respectively named and appointed by the Dean and Chapter of Ely, Master and Scholars of Saint Peters College, commonly called Peter House, in the University of Cambridge, the Capi al Burnettes of the Town of Wisbech, or by her Grace the Dowager D chefs of Somerset and his Grace the Duke of Bedford, and their respective Heirs, or by any of the Commissioners, Proprietors as after mentioned, to abt in their Absence only excepted) shall presume to abt as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Abt, such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue Tor the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or upon the Cafe, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law,

nor

Penalty on acting, not being qualified.

*3°3

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and in which Action or Suk it shall be only netrflary for the Plaintiff or Inlormer to prove that the Defendant acted as a Commissionrr in the Execution of this Act, and a Vrrdift (h ill be found against the Defendant, unless he shall prove in his Defence, that he was at the Time of his so acting qualified according to the tiue Intent and Meaning of this Act-

IV. Aodi be it further enacted, That the Dean and Chapter of Ely, the M after and Scholars of Saint Peter's College, commonly called Peter House, in the Dniverfity of Cambridge, and the Capital Burgesses of the Town of IVifbe b for the Time being, by Writings under their respective Common Stats (such several Writings to be certified at the next Meeting afrer the leafing thereof) and her Grace the Dowager Duchess of Somerset and his Grace the Duke of Bedford, and their respective Heirs, during such Time only as they shall respectively be Owners or Proprietors i f Lands within the Boundaries aforesaid, by Wilting under their respective Hands, to be certified also at the next Meeting after the signing thereof, shall and may respectively, from Time to Time, nominate and appoint One Commissioner for putting this Act in Execution; and that such Commissioners lb to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid shall be, and are hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities as the Commissioners hereby named and appointed are veiled with by virtue of this Act; and that each and every of the Commissioners who shall be foiled or possessed of One hundred Acres at the lead of the Lands and Grounds intended to be drained by virtue hereof, shall and may from Time 'to Time, by Writing under his or her Hand, to be certified also at the next Meeting after the figaing thereof, nominate and appoint One other Person to vote and aft as a Commissioner in his or her Absence, and not otherwise, at all or any of the said Meetings! and such Person so- to be nominated and appointed shall. in the Absence of the Commissioner so appointing him, be, and is hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities as such Com-.miftioner is or shall be.veiled with by virtue of this Act; provided that no Person shall vote or aft as Agent for any more than One of the said Commissioners at the same Time.

V. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any of the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by or under this Act, shall die or become disqualified as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the surviving or other Commissioners, at their next General Meeting, out of the Owners and Proprietors of Twenty Acres at the lead respectively of the said Lands and Grounds so bounded and described as aforesaid, to cleft and appoint One other Person to be a Commissioner in the Place and Stead of each Commissioner so dying or becoming disqualified as aforesaid; and every such Commissioner (o elected and appointed shall be, and is hereby vested with the fame Powers and Authorities as the Commissioner in whose Place he is elected and appointed, was vested with by virtue of this Act.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall hold One General Meeting in every Year (to wit) on the lad Friday in the Month ef April, at the Vine Inn in lVifbech Saint Peter's in the said Kle of Elf, or at such other Time or Times, Place or Places in lVifbech Saint Peter's as they shall see Cause or think convenient, and shall and may from Time

Power so appoint Depu

tie*.

Chusing new Commissioners.

Meeting* of Commissioners.

I3<H

Expends allowed at Meetings.

Proceedngs to be at Meet ings only.

Proceeding of Comaii'.'n-ontrs to be £U-terrditi'BJol

Officers.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

Time to Time, at any bf their laid Meetmgs, adjourn themselves to such o her Time or Times, Place or Places, in Wisbech */aint Peter't, as they shall think proper; and that Three Commissioners, and no lets a Number, shall be deemed at all Timrs to make and consticute a Meeting within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, for doing the Business and carrying the Purposes thereof into Execution; and that the First Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act shall be holden at The Vine Inn in Wisbech Sal it Peter's aforesaid, on the Friday Three Weeks next after the Day of the passing herei f; and that Ten Days Notice of every other Meeting (except Meetings by Adjournment) shall be given, under the Hands of Two or more of the said Commissioners, or of their Clerk, and affixed in Tome public k Place in Wtjbccb Saint Peter's aforesaid, and on the Princi* pal outer Door of the Panlh Church of Leverington, and of the Chapel of Levfring/ou Parson Drove aforesaid. )

VII. P ovided always, and be it further enacted, That no greater or larger Sum of Money than Five Shillings for each Commissioner who shall be present at any of the said General Meetings, or than Three Shillings for each Commissioner who shall be present at any of the said other Meet, logs, shall ever be paid and allowed out of the Money ^to be raised by virtue of this Act, for rfle Charges or Expences of the said Comonffioners at such Meetings; and that all Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act shall be made at Meetings to be hftd in pursuance thereof, by a Majority of the Commissioners prrlent at ftrch-Meetings'; and that no such Order or Determination of the said Commissioners shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, un. less Five of the Commissioners at lead shall be present and concur in the revoking or altering thereof (except such Orders and Determinations as shall be made at any of the said Meetings touching the opening and ffiuu ting down of any of the Tunnels and Sluices already fee down, or to be set down and made use of in ihe Execution of this Act, which may t* revoked pr altered at any subsequent Meeting of the said. Commissioners).

o. 1 t?.i. * to I >7

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Order* and Proceedings of ti)e said Commissioners shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for

ikt'Purpose, and that such Orders and Proceed iogsifci enteric! Jhalf be rigjfM by d>e Cprnitfiffione/s then pretent. Or the major.Part of them, and that such Orders' so’Tigned shall be deemed and taken pro be original Orders, as; fully and effectually as ;if the fame? wererunder the Hands and jSrdls of the said Commissioners; soffit fiat such Book or Books (hull- and ths, jbe'iVi^pfeft.ed^hd perilled at all seasonable Times by any of tha Com-rpiffiohers,' bf'by ifrif Owner or Owners of the said Lands or Grounds lo abutted 'and bounded as aforesaid, his, her, or these A gent, without Fee jirR^ward,; 2nd shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in ail J&a¥ei'6?;Spits of Actions-touching any Thing done in pursuance anffiby Sfutne ttr this Act.

.:-'v i.U)

An^be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com-rrers "from Time to Time to appdinV a On k or Clerks, Surveyor or Sur'ycyprit, Chlieftor or Collectors of the R.xe*'and Taxes, and such othlhrHJtflkefj a’?’the Card Commissioners shall think nectHary; arid from Time to Time rtxnpVt all or any of such Officer* as they shall think 6i, and apbbint others in the Room of focli as shall be k> Amoved, or asiffiail

-~:r/ 8 die

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 73. 1305

die or resign their Office, or be incapable of performing it; and shall Officers to take such Security for the due Execution of such respective Offices as they s've the said Commissioners shall think proper; and may, by and out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, allow and pay to such Clerk?, Surveyors, Receivers, Col ledtors, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be aiding or assisting to them in their respective Offices, or that shall anyways be employed in the Execution of this Act, I'uch Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances, for their respective Attendance, Care, and Service, as to the said Commissioners shall seem reasonable; and all such Officers and Officers to Persons shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said accountt Commissioners, deliver to such Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing, under their respective Hands, of all Monies which hatfc been by them respectively had, collected, or received, and how, and to whom, and for what Purposes the fame and every Part thereof hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall verify the Accounts upon Oath; and all such Officers and Persons shall, and they are hereby required to pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Afcdbunt or Accounts shall appear to be in their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint to receive the same; and if any such Officers or Persons shall or bepunife* refuse or neglect to render and give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof on Oath, or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands, when thereunto required by the said Commissioners; or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Fourteen Days- after being the reunto required by the said Commissioners, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their respective Custody or Power, anyways relating to the Execution of this Act, every such Perfoti shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, to be paid to the said Commissioners, and applied towards the general Purposes of this Act; and if Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Refusal to any- Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or persons so neglecting or refuting shall beor.reside, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants, to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing, ott not appearing to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a furr.mary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced,' in such Manner as the said Commissioners might have done-, and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons,- again!! whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the O^th or Oaths of any credible Witness Or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been colkcled or received shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, ujpon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants-under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money, and also such Penalties as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, f’erlon or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and Penalty, and the Charges of distraining and felling the fame, or if such Officer or Of-£Lee. & Per-'] 15 E fleers

1306

For making Work* of Drainage.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

ficers, Person or Persons, shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time nd Place by him appointed for that Purpose, except for fume sufficicnc Exeufe, or if appearing, (half refuse or neglect to give or deliver to such Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as affirrsaid, or to verify the Truth of such Accounts, and of the Articles thereof, on Oath as aforesaid, or to produce and cU liver up co the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectiveh, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in rither of the Cases aforesaid the said Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol or Bridewell of the County or Place where he or rhey shall live or refute, there to remain, without Bail r Mainprize, until he or they shall have delivered in and settled his or their Accounts, and have verified the fame on Oa h, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating the re o, and shall have paid all the Money which shall appear to be in Ins or th ir rr-spedlive Hands, and such Penalty as aforesaid, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale as shall in that re'pest have been made, or until he or they shall have compounded with thrsaid Commissioners for the tame, and paid the CompofiruMi Money to the Commifli >nrrs, or to (tic Person or Persons as they fha I appoint to receive the lame, (and which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to m-k,) or until he or they shall deliver Up such Books, Accounts, Papers, anu Wrmng- as aforesaid or have given Satisfaction in itfpeft thereof to the said Con.m.f-sioners: Provided always, That no Person who shall be committed for want of sufficient D strels only shall be detained in Prison for any longer Time than Three Calendar Months.

X. And be it further enacted, That jc shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, ^nd grail Times hereafter, as they shall think proper, Vo make, raise, cut, bui|d, and set up, or cauie to be made, raised, cur, built, and set up, supported, widened, and cleansed, within the Lands and Grounds so abutted and described as aforesaid, or within cheLands and Grounds lying between the said; R,;maH or Old S a Bank (Part of cheEalt Boundary thereoi) and the West Bank of the River Nene, between the Horseshoe Corner an ' Bludwtck’s Drive, all Rub Banks, Bridge*, Tunnels, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Headings, Outlets, Mills, Engines, Sluices, and other Works, as they shall think necessary and convenient for the draining of the Waters, from the said Lands and Grounds so abutted and described as aforesaid into the said River-, and that the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority over all and singular the said Works so to be made; and also over the Mills already set up for the draining of the said Lands and G'ounds, and the Drains, Sluices, Tunnels, and other Works thereto belonging, and to alter, repair, rebuild, enlarge, widen, or deepen the fame; and also over all and singular the Tunnels, Sluices, and other Works already made and set up in the Banks of the said River Nine, between the Horseshoe Corner and Bludwick’s Drove aforesaid, and to alter, repair, rebuild, widen, deepen, enlarge, use, or take up the fame, as they shall think proper and necessary for the better draining of the said Lands and Grounds so abutted and described as aforesaid; and also shall have full Power and Authority over all and singular the Banks, Bridges, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Headings, Outlets, Sluices, Tunnels, or other Works

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 73. 1307

Works of draining already made or let up within the Limits of the said Lands and Grounds so abutted and described as aforesaid j and also to fell and takedown all such Trees, Wood, and Bullies, as shall or may at any Time or Times be Obstrudbons or Impediments to the working of the said Mills or any of them, or to the said Drainage; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners acting under and by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to divide off, take, and use such Lands and Hereditaments, within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid, as they shall judge necissary to be cut, dug, taken, or used for making any of the Banks, Bridges, Cuts, Drains,

DamS, Headings, or other Works under and by virtue of this Act, or which they the said Commissicyners shall deem proper and requisite; and also from Time to Time and at all Times to dig, cut, take, and carry away any Earth, Flag, or other Soil from the Lands or Grounds af oresaid, or from tlfe Wastes, Roads, and Ways thereto adjoining, for the making, supporting, or repairing the Banks and Works aforesaid, they the said Comm.ffiohers doing as little Damage as may be, and making such Satisfaction for the same as is herein-after mentioned.

XI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend, Exceptions, or be construed to extend, to give any Bower or Authority to the said Commissioners to cut through, take, or use any Part of a certain Piece

of Land, containing by Estimation Fourteen Acres, or thereabouts, belonging to Samuel Taylor, and lying in the Marsh in the Parish of Lever-ington aforesaid, for the Purpose of making a Drain or Drains to be used under or by virtue of this Act, further than or beyond the Distance of One hundred Yards from the North-west Corner of the said P ecc of Land; or to build, erect, or set up, or cause to be built, ertfted, or fee up, any Mill or Engine for the draining of the Waters from the said Lands and Grounds so abutted or described as aforesaid lower down from the East Boundary thereof, or nearer to a certain Fen or Tract of Land in the said Parish of Leverington, called GorjiM Ftn, than the present Rife or Elbow of the Hill between Allen's Drove and a certain Garden now in the Tenure of James Scarf; or to take Earth, Flag, or Soil for any Purpose whatsoever from apv Place or Places within Sixty Feet of Mur row Bank, or of the said Bank of the River Nene \ or to take any Earth from the Turnpike Road leading from Wisbech to Tid Gote, or from the Common or Drove Way next Shoffendike or ElloeBank j or to make any Cut, or set down any Bridge or Tunnel therein; or to widen or in any wise alter any Bridges, Tunnels^ or Cuts in the said Road, without makng, maintaining, arid keeping up the Breaches occaGoned thereby, and leaving the said Road in a good Condition, and of Efficient Breadth for Horses, Carts, and Carriages; or to alter, make, widen, take up, or dilannu] any Cut, Sluice, or Tunnel made or to be made in or through the Bank f

of the said River Nene, without making good, supporting, and maintaining such Part or Parts of the said Bank where the said Cut, Sluice, or Tunntl shall be so altered, made, widened, taken up, or dilannulled.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Commission-have full Power and Authority to agree with the Proprietors of and Per- purchft?* fons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments which the said Commis- of Lands or Goners shall judge necessary to be cut, dug, taken, or used for making Satisfaction any of the Banks, Bridges, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Headings, or other or

Works

1308 GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

Works under and by virtue of this Act, for the Purchase of such Land* and Hereditaments, or for the Recompence to be made to such Proprietors and Persons interested for the Damages thi-y may sustain, and also to settle and ascertain in what Proportion the Sum or Sums fa agreed for Bodies Poli- shall be paid to the several Persons interested in the Premises t and it shall contract'for*y for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations

Sale ot Lands Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trufltes, and Feoffees in tioi^for Da 3 ^ro1*’ Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trullet;* raagts. whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs, and Succeuors; but also for and on Behalf of their Ccfluique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, l.unaticks. Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons who are or shall be seised or interested in their own Rights, and to and for all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be leifrd, poflVffed of, or interested in any such Lands or Hercdiia-ments, to contract for, fell, and convey unto the Paid Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, any Lands or Heredita-menrs lor the Purposes aforesaid, or to agree with the said Commissioners under this Act for any Recompence or Compensation to be made for the Damages which may be done to any such Lands and Hereditaments by the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act: and all such Contracts, Sales, Conveyances, and Agreements shall be valid and effcclual in Law to all Intents arid Purposes whatsoever , any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding , and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall lawfully do in pursuance of this Act; but if it shall happen that any such Body Politick, Corporate, < r Collegiate, Trustee or Trustee', or other Person or Persons interested or concerned as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of Fourteen Days after Notice in Writing given to the principal Officer or Officers of such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trufltes, Person or Persons respectively, or left at his, her, or their respective Place or Places of Abode, or at the House of the lenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers oi such Lands or Hereditaments," neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Commissioners, of by reason of Absence shall lie prevented from treating, then and in every such. Cafe the said Commissioners may, and they are hereby autho lz’ed and empowered Fourteen Days at least before any General (Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Isle of Ely. andUAmount<* w^'n Six Calendar Months after the Lands or Hereditaments shall have been used, or the Damage' done, to give or cause to be given to the Party or Parties whole Land or Hereditament shall have been used, or who shall have sustained such Damage or Injury, or leave, or caul’e to be left at hi^, her, or their lad or usual Place or Places of Abode respectively, or at the Place of Abode of the Tenant or Tenants in PoflVffion of the Premises, a Notice in Writing, urporting that the Value of such Land or Ground, and the Amount of the Damage or Injury sustained will be adjustrd and settled by a Jury at the said Sessions, and the Justices at their said Sessions, or at the next or lubl'tquenr Adjournment thereof, shall and are hereby authorized and required to charge the Jury which shall attend at (pch Sessions or Adjournment, or l'ome other Jury of Twelve honrft and lubflantial Men, to be then and there im| anellrd and returned by the Sheriff of the said County, and cause them to be sworn well and truly, on their Oaths, to act’els the Value of the Land or Hereditament, and the Recompence to be given for the fame, or for any Damage or Injury 9 .5 sustained

Persons refuting or neglect' ing to treat.

Commissioners m3' tot to ascertain

of Damages.

The Justices to cause the Jury to assess Damages.

1309

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

sustained as aforesaid, to the respective Person or Persons, Bodies Politick,

Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Interest therein, or to the Owner or Owners thereof, according to their respective Interests, to which said Juries the said Commissioners and all Parties interested in the said Lands shall have their lawful Challenges when they come to be sworn; and the witnessesto Clerk of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely is hereby authorized and cm- be fu>n,noned* powered, upon Application made to him by any of the Parties interested, by Subpoena or Summons under his Hand, to call before the Justices at such Sessions, or the Adjournment thereof, any Person or Persons who shall be thought proper to be examined touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Jury, upon their Oaths, (which Oaths, and all'o the Oaths to be taken by the Persons who shall appear or be summoned to be examined and give Evidence as aforesaid, the said Justices at their said Sessions are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall ascertain and award the Recompence to be given for the said Land or Hereditament, or for any Damage or Injury which shall have been done as aforesaid to the reljaeftive Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Owner or Owners thereof; and the said Justices shall and justicestogive may give Judgement according to the Verdict of the said Jury, which Judgements Verdia of the said Jury, and the Judgement thereupon declared and pronounced by the said Justices, shall finally bind and be conclusive to the same to be the said Commissioners, and all Persons and Parties interested in the said final-Lands or Grounds, and shall be entered and kept among the Records of the Quarter Sessions for the said Isle of Ely; and the fame, or true Copies thereof, being signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely, shall be deemed and taken as good Evidence in all Courts of Law or Equity, and all Persons may have Recourse thereto, and take Copies thereof, or Extrafls therefrom, on paying the usual Fees paid in Cases of the like Nature.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where a Verdict Expences of shall be given for more Monies, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any tlieJur/‘ Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or Persons whomsoever, or for any Damage to be done to any Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or Persons than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, then all the Expences of taking such Inquest shall be settled by the said Justices, and be defrayed by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act; but if any Verdict shall be given or made for the fame or a less Sum than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Commissroners as aforesaid, or in cr.fc no Damage shall be given by the Verdict, where the Dispute is for Damages only, then and in every such Case, the Costs and Expences of taking such Inquest shall be settled in like Manner by the said Justices, and be borne and paid by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of, or other Person or Persons interested in the Lands or Hereditaments in question; which said Costs and Expences, having been so settled, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, where the same shall exceed such Costs and Expences, as so much Money advanced to and for the (Jfe of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed or adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences,

>n case the lame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and [Loc. & Per.J 15 F tf settled

1310

Act not to extend to taking down Houses, tie. without Consent.

Application of Compen fation where exceeding tool.

Application where the i n rn ation does not ex-i aoo/.nor fcn to /

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the said Commissioners in and by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for Recovery of the Rates and Taxes.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to the taking down of any Dwelling House or other Building without the Consent of the Owners or Proprietors and Occupier or Occupiers thereof respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid or agreed, or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments purchased and fold, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, or for any Damages done to such Lands or Hereditaments, as herein particularly mentioned, and the said Money shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunaiick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the fame exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and witti the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, ro be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or Part thereof, affetting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affetting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Di-red ion and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments shall be so purchased, taken, or used, or damaged as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, on the Request of any One of the said Commissioners in Writing, signed by him or them, and without any Order of the Court of Chancery, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Conlohdated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, go and belong to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, or damaged as aforesaid, and belonging to any

7 Corporation

j 311

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, nor be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or , ul'cd, or damaged, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be appplied in Manner herein-before directed -, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified iri Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Money may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be paid to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons lo entitled respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be, and they are hereby authorized and directed to lay down Bridges in all Places where all or any of the Drains already cut and thrown out, or to be cut and thrown out, under and by virtue of this Act, shall cross any Road or publick Highway, and the said Bridges to support and keep as publick Biidges for the Padage of Horses, Beads, Cattle, and Carriages of all Sorts.

XIX. And whereas a certain Bridge or Tunnel, danding over the present Mill Drain, in the said Parish of Lrjcrington, opposite to the Messuage or Dwelling House of Nicholas Lumpkin, and used as a Roadway or Passage into his Lands in Woolcroft Field, and the adjoining Lands severally belonging to the Rector of Newton, and Midress Alice Hepburn, hath been heretofore maintained and kept in Repair by the Dikereeves for the Time being of the said Parish of Leverington-, be it therefore enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to amend, maintain, and keep the said Bridge or Tunnel in good Repair and Condition, and of sufficient Breadth for Horses, Carts, and Carriages, for the Use and Convenience of the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have full Power, and are hereby authorized to destroy all such Moles, and

other

Application where the Money is lef* than so /.

For providing Bridges whe; necessary.

For repairing Bridge opposite Mr. Lump-kin's House.

Mole* may be destroyed.

1312

Commisljon-«rs to make Orders for opening or (hutting down 'I'unnel* and Sluices, and to appoint Officers for that Purpose.

Penalty on opening or (hutting down Tunnels or Sluices contrary to Orders.

Commission-efs may lay Rates.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

fcther Vermin as shall be found in and about the Lands and Grounds intended to be drained by virtue of this Act, or in and about the Lands dnd Banks adjoining or lying near thereto, and for that Purpose to employ such Person or Persons, at such Wages as they shall think proper, and that they, and such Person or Persons as they shall so employ, shall and lawfully may enter into or upon the said Lands and Banks, or any of them, for that Purpose.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, at their said General Meeting in every Year, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to appoint One or more Officer or Officers for the Purpose of opening and shutting down the Tunnels and Sluices already set down or to be fee down and made use of in the Execution of this Act; and that no such Tunnel or Tunnels, Sluice or Sluices, shall at any Time or Times be opened or (but down but by the said Officer or Officers, or by his or their Direction; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at the said General or any other Meeting, to make such Order or Orders touching the opening or shutting down of the said Tunnels and Sluices as they shall think proper; and that the said Officer or Officers, and all and every other Person and Persons who shall open or shut down the said Tunnels and Sluices, or any of them, contrary to such Order or Orders of the said Commissioners, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justicoi of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely, (who are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame on the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, or on the Confession of the Party or Parties so offending) shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, nor less than hive Pounds, as the said Justices shall order and direct, to the said Commissioners, for the fame Purposes for which the Assessments, Rates, and Taxes are hereby directed to be applied, and to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle of all and every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made; and in Default of such Distress or Payment, the Person or Persons so offending shall be by the said Justices committed to the House of Correction there to be-kept to hard Labour for such Time as the said Justices shall respectively order and direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the saul Justices by whom such Commitment shall be made.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners at their First Meeting to be held afrer che passing of this Act, and ftom Time to Time at their General Meeting in every succeeding Year, to assess, rate, tax, and charge all and every the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of all and Angular the Lands and Grounds lying in the First Division of the said Parish, and comprizrd in the Fields following; (videlicet) North l>:bam Field, Elbow Field, South Inham Field, Old Eau Field, Cannon Field, Pope's Field, Fcnkail Field, Hart Field, Black Lane Field, Shire’s Field, New Field, and Reemer’s Field, and such Part of Harrold Lotts as is lying within the Boundaries aforesaid, by an equal and proportionate Acre Tax, in such Rate or Sum of Money as the said Commissioners shall think proper, for defraying the Expences of this Act, not exceeding the Sum of Four Shillings and Sixpence

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 73. 1313

pence per Acre in each Year; and also, that it shall be lawful fof the said Commissioners at their said First Meeting, and from Time to Time at their said General Meeting in every succeeding Year, to assess, rate, tax, and charge all and every the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of all and singular the Lands and Grounds lying in the Second Division of the said Parish, and comprized in the Fields following; (videlicet), Feck Field, Flane Field, Richmond Field.

Cat Field, Long Meadow Held, and Snailcrcft Field, by an equal /and

proportionate Acre Tax, in such Rate or Sum of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sum of Three Shillings per Acre rn each Year; and a!so to assess, rate, tax, and charge all and every the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of all and singular the Lands and Grounds lying in the Third Division of the said Parish, and comprized in the Fields following; (videlicet). Ox Field, IVrat Field, JVcolcrcft Field, Park Field, Ives Dike Field, Sea Field, Pap's Field,

Fencrefl Field. Churchcrcft Field, Outnewlands, and such Part of Spittal Field as is lying on the West SiJe of the River Nene, by an equal and proportionate Acre Tax, in such Rate or Sum of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence per

Acre in each Year; which said several Rates, Taxes, and Charges shall be paid to such Person or Persons, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner and Form, and under such Penalties for Non payment, not exceeding One Penny for each Shilling unpaid, as the said Commissioners shall at their said First Meeting, or at any of their General Meetings to be held under this Act order and direct.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Rates Proportion of and Taxes to be laid from Time to Time on the Lands and Grounds ^"n'the* ' lying in the several Fields comprized in the said Second Division of the different said Parish, shall not be more or less in any Year than Two Thirds of the Acre Tax, to be rated, assessed, and charged on the Lands and Grounds comprized in the First Division of the said Parish; and that the Rates and Taxes to be laid from Time to Time on the Lands and Grounds lying in the several Fields comprized in the said Third Division of the said Parish, shall not be more or less in any Year than One Third of the Acre Tax, to be rated, assessed, and charged on the Lands and Grounds in the said First Division of the said Parish and that no Acre Tax shall be laid for and in respect of the said Lands and Grounds comprized in the said Second and Third Divisions of the said Parish in any Year when a Rate or Assessment shall not be made by virrueof this Act, for or in respect of the said Lands and Grounds comprized in the said First Division of the said Parish.

XXIV. And to the End that the said Rates and Taxes may be more Tenantsfo easily and effectually collected and received , be it further enacted, That pay

all and every of the Tenants and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds ,"t which shall be so assessed and rated as aforesaid, shall and are hereby Rent*, authorized and required to pay all and every such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so assessed or rated on the respective Lands and Grounds in their several and respective Occupations, and to deduct and retain, out of his, her, or their Rent, all such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall so respectively pay as aforesaid, and the several and respective Landlords, or Owners of such Lands and Grounds, are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payment upon Receipt of the Residue of their \_Loc. Per.) 15 G said

£3l4 41° GEORGII III. Cop. 73.

said Rent, and every such Tenant or Occupier paying such Assessment or Rate, shall be acquitted and discharged of lo much Money as the said Assessment or Rate so to be paid by them shall amount to, as fully and effectually as if the fame had been actually paid to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords.

b*» not to

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thu no Lessee or

deductI'axes. Tenant of any Lands or Grounds charged with the said Rates Taxes or Assessments, who shall hold the fame by virtue of or under any Lease from any Bishop or Collegiate Church, or College, or any Ecclesiastical Corporation, Sole or Aggregate, or by virtue of or under any other Lease or Agreement, in which at (the Time of the passing of this Act there shall be more than Seven Years to come and unexpired, shall be entitled to deduct the said Rates, Taxes, or Assessments chargeable by this Act, or any of them, out of the Rent reserved or made payable by any such Lease or Agreement; but that the said Rates, Taxes, and Assessinenis shall be charged upon and paid by the Lefices or Tenants so holding such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid; and that all and every Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants of any Lands or Grounds charged with the said Rates, Taxes, and Assessments, by virtue of or under any other Lease or Agreement, in which there shall be Seven Years or less to come and unexpired, shall pay such an Advance of Rent as the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings shall order, as a Consideration for the Benefit which such Tenant or Tenants shall or may rective by Means of this Act.

Land, to be

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That on or before the Twenty-

meal ured. ninth Day of September next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after

as conveniently may be, all and Angular the said Lands and Grounds so abutted and described as aforesaid, shall be truly and distinctly surveyed and meaftired by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall nominate and appoint, and that such Survey shall be put into Writing, and shall contain the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches, in Statute Measure, belonging to each of the said Proprietors, and Two Maps made thereof, and One of such Maps shall be left in the Hands of the Clerk, and the other in the Hands of the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, Or in the Hands of such other Persons, and in such Places as the said Commissioners shall at any of their annual Meetings order or diced; and that such Survey shall, as soon as may bp after the same shall be completed, be verified at any of the Meetings oif the said Commissioners by the Oath of such Person or Persons as (halt so make the fame (which Oath the said Commissioners or any One or more of them, is or are hereby empowered to administer) and that the said Maps (halt be a sufficient Warrant and Authority to the said Commissioners to ascertain and determine the Quantity of the said Lands and Grounds so to be measured as aforesaid, belonging to each of the Owners and Proprietors thereof.

$«°;CTy of

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case Default shall be made by any Person or Persons aifeded, rated, taxed, and charged as aforesaid in his, her, or their respective Payment', by the Space of Twenty Days next after the Time appointed for the Payment thereof; and after the same shall have been demanded by the Collector or Collec. tors, Receiver or Receivers, by Notice in Writing of such Demand left

at

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

at the usual Place of A'node of the Person or Persons who is, are, or ought to pay the same, or if such Person or Persons shall not have any Place cf Abode within the Parish or Place in which such Lands or Grounds for or in resptft of which he, she, or they shall be assessed and rated as aforesaid shall lie, then, after Demand made by the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, by Notice in Writing of such Demand affixed upon the Principal outer Door of the Church of Ltie-rington, or of the Chapel of Leverington Parson Droit (as the Case may require) it shall be lawful for the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of the said Commissioners (which Warrant or Precept the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to make and give as there shall be Occasion, either at a Meeting of the Commissioners or at any other Time) to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds so rated and taxed as aforesaid, in Possession of such Person or Persons as shall make Default in Payment as aforesaid, and all Messuages or Tenements thereupon (landing, and to levy the Sum and Sums of Money by him, her, or them payable for such Rate or Tax, with the Penalty (if any) incurred thereon, by Distress of the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle which shall be there found; and the said Goods, Chattels, and Cattle to impound on the Messuages or Lands where the same shall be found, or to take, lead, drive, or carry away, and the same to keep for the Space of Five Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners thereof, leaving Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Distrcfs at the Messuage or Tenement (if any there be) belonging to the said Lands or Groqnds upon which such Dilbels shall be taken, and for want of such Messuage or Tenement, at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who is, are, or ought to pay the said Rates or Taxes; but if such Person or Persons shall not have any Place of Abode within the Parish or Place in which the said Lands and Grounds or any Parc thereof, for or in respect of which he, she, or they shall be so assessed and rated as aforesaid shall lie, then affixing such Notice upon the principal outer Door of the Church or Chapel of the Parish or Place where such Goods, Chattels, and Cattle shall be so taken in Distress; and if the Owner or Owners of the said Goods, Chattels, and Cattle shall not pay the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed, rated, and distrained for as aforesaid, with the Penalty (if any) incurred thereon, together with the Charges of such Warrant and taking such Distress, and of keeping and maintaining the fame, or replevy the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle so distrained, according to the Laws now in Force for the Non-payment of Rent, within the said Five bays, that then the said Goods, Chattels, and Cattle so distrained shall be appraikd by Two or more indifferent Persons, to be sworn by the Constable Or Headborough of the Parish or Place where such Distress shall be made (who. is. hereby authorized and required to administer an Oath for that Purpose) to appraise the fame according to the best of their Judgement, and that after such Appraisement as aforesaid, the said Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, shall be sold by the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons, for Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money so a defied, rated, and distrained for, with tire penalty (if any) incurred thereon, and of the said Charges, and also t>f the Charges of appraising and felling such Distress, and that the Overplus arising from such Sale (if any be) after Payment of the said Sum or Sums so assessed, rated, and distrained for, with the Penalty (if any) incurred

1315

t$t6

Lands untenanted to remain a Security for Taxes.

For borrowing Monty by

M Ttgage of Taxes not exceeding 10*000l.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

cur red thereon, and the said Charges shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That in cate any of the said Lands and Grounds abutted and de-ftribed as aforesaid, shall at a <y Time hereafter be unrenanted or unoccupied, so that no sufficient Distress can be made for levying the said Rates and Taxes, then the Lands and Grounds chargeable therewith shall remain a Security for Payment thereof, and all Goods, Chattels, and Cattle which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, impounded, kept, and told in Manner aforesaid, until all Arrears of the said Rates and Taxes, and the Charges incident to such Distress shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XXIX. And, forasmuch as the said Assessments, Rates, and Taxes so to be charged and collected as aforesaid, will not be sufficient to defray the immediate Expences of making the several Works necessary for the speedy Improvement of the laic] Lands and Grounds; be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, pursuant to an Order for that Purpose to be made at any of the said General or other Meetings to be held as aforesaid, at which Five Commissioners shall be present and concur, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds, which they shall think-necessary for the making, carrying on, and maintaining the said Works, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to mortgage or assign the said Assessments, Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money so to be rated, taxed, and charged, or any Part thereof (the Costs and Charges of such Mortgage or Alignment to be paid out of the said Assessments, Rates, and Taxes) for any such Term or Number of Years, and in such Manner and Form as to the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall seem meet, as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Money so borrowed, to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, with Intercll for the fame, not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that' Copies of all such Mortgages and Alignments shall be entered in a Book or Books, to bt kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners} and that it shall be lawful for all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured by Indorsement on his, her, or their Security or Securities, or otherwise so assign or transfer his, her, or their Mortgage or Security, and Right to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, and that such Assignment or Transfer shall be notified to the said Clerk or Clerks within Three Calender Months next after the Date thereof; and that the said Clerk or Clerks shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made, containing the Date of such Assignment or Transfer, the Names of the Parties thereto, and the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned or transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the original Mortgages or Assignments, for which he or they shall be paid the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence and no more, and that after such Entries shall be made, such Assignment or Transfer shall entitle such Assignees to the Benefit and Payment thereon; and that cvetyfuchAfligr.ee shall and may in like Manner,

from

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 73. 1317

from Time to Time, assign or transfer his, her, or their Right and littered therein and thereto; and that all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Moitgagr, Transfer, or Alignment shall be made as aforesaid shall be, in Proportion to ihe Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned, Creditors on the said Assessments, Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Money.

XXX. And be further enacted, That out of the Monies to arise by Application of virtue, or to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act as aforesaid, the said borrowed on Commissioners shall first pay and discharge the Expences of procuring the Credit of and passing this Act, and the Remainder of such Monies, and also all the A<;t' other Monies which shall come to the Hands of the said Commissioners

(except as herein-after particularly mentioned) by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time be applied In defraying the necessary Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and in paying the Interest and Principal of any Money to be borrowed by virtue thereof, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and Angular the said Rates, ‘’creditor? Taxes, and Sums of Money by virtue of this Act to be alfe/fed and paid by the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable in Manner before-mentioned, with and for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, and shall vest in the respective Creditors, upon pctault of Payment of such Principal Money and Interest, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with the Costs and Charges occafi ned by ihe N n payment thereof; and the said Creditors respectively, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have the fame Powers, Rights, and Privileges of raiAng and recovering the Jiates, Taxes, and Sums of Money payable as aforesaid, by the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds, for or in respect of such Principal Money and Interest, if Default shall be made in Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners, or their Collector or Collectors, would havel had in-case the said Principal Money and Interest had been regularly paid and satisfied.

XXXII. And whereas there is now due and offing to the Executors of Fordischarg-the lace Dan el Swaine Esquire, a former Expenditor, named by, and aft-

ing under Authority of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Hundred of from Land Wisbech and Parts adjacent, from the Owners and Proprietors of the said Owners and Lands and Grounds intended to be drained by virtue of this Act, for Mo- K‘pr‘e r' nies advanced, laid out, and expended by him in his said Office of Expenditor, for the Purposes of draining the said Lands and Grounds, the Sum of Two hundred and forty-four Pounds; and there is also now due and owing from the said Owners and Proprietors to the Executors of the late "John johnson Esquire, another Expenditor, heretofore also named by, and acting under Authority of the said Commissioners of Sewers, for Monies advanced, laid out, and expended by him in his said Office of Expenditor, for the like Purposes, the Sum of Three hundred and Axty Pounds; and there is likewise due and owing from the said Owners and Proprietors to the Executors of Richard Thompfott, late of Wisbech Saint Peters, in the said Isle of Ely, Carpenter and Millwright, for VVoikdone [Lor, ft? Per.^ 15 H and

xji8 41° GEORGII III. Cap.,73.

and performed by him in and about the Mills, Engines, and other Works heretofore used for the draining of the said Lands and Grounds, the Sum of Sixty Pounds, and Interest upon the said respective Debts, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, hath been allowed by the said Owners and Proprietors to the said Creditors respectively: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for paying off and discharging the said Debts and the Interest thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and required, at their First Meeting after the passing of this Act, and from Time to Time at their General Meeting in every succeeding Year, until the Whole of the said Debts and the Interest thereof shall be satisfied and paid, to assess, rate, tax, and charge all and every of the Owners and Occupiers of all and singular the said Lands and Grounds, by an equal and proportionate Acre Tax, in such Rate or Sum of Money as they shall think proper (over and above the said other Rates, Taxes, or Charges herein-before directed to be assessed, rated, taxed, and charged as aforesaid) and that the said lad mentioned Rates or Sums of Money shall be paid to such Person or Persons at such Time or Times, and in I'uch Manner and Form, and under such Penalties for Non-payment thereof, not exceeding One Penny for each Shilling unpaid, as the said Commissioners shall at their said First Meeting, or at any of their said General Annual Meetings to be held under this Act order and direct; and that the said Commissioners shall have such and the like Powers and Remedies in every re pest for enforcing the Paymenc and levying of the said last-mentioned Rates and Sums of Money, with the Penalties (if any) incurred thereon, as are herein-bclore spec fied for the levying of the said other Rates, Taxes, or Chaigcs to be assess d, rated, taxed, or charged as herein-before mentioned; and the fame last-mentioned Rates or Sums of Money, when collected and received, shall be applied in paying off and discharging the said Debts so due«nd owing to the respective Executors of the said Daniel Swaine, John Jebnfon, and Rifhard ‘Thompson as aforesaid, together with Interest thereon relptftively, to be computed afeer the Rate aforesaid, from the Filth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, and to and for no other Lie, Intern, or Purpose whatsoever.

P.rfonsw"

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and fully drstroy- Persons who shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, wilfully and malici-ing Banks, ously cur, throw down, burn, or otherwise destroy any Bank, Mill, En-c'‘ gine, Floodgate, Tunnel, or Sluice already made and erected, or which

at any Time hereafter shall be making and erecting, or made and erected, for the draining and improving of the said Lands and Grounds so abutted and described as aforesaid, or any of them, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, shall be guilty of Felony and liable to be transported as a Fe-inUiVomn*' ^on for Seven Years; and that if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time tic. ’ or Times hereafter, set down any Nets or Engines for the caching of

Fish in any of the Drains thrown out, for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall dig or ihrow out any Pond orfWatering in any of the said Lands and Grounds so described and abutted as aforesaid, within Forty Feet of any Drain already made, or to be made and tiled for the drain-Punishing tng and improving of the said Lands and Grounds as atorefud, or shall a%!°'th- m" ac *me ^ctta^tcr maliciously destroy, flop, dam up, spoil, or dam-WoAs."' age any Drain, Watercourse, Sluice, Tunnel, Door, Dam, Heading,

Bridge,

x3*9

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

Bridge, or other Work or Works, made or to be made, or set up and u'ed for the Lid Purposes of draining, or shall cut through any Lane or Drove, to the Intent that the Ware's of One Field, within the Limits of the said Lands and Grounds so to be drained as aforesaid, shall and may run into any other Field within the said Limits, ail and every Rich Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted before Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely (who are hereby authorized and required to hear and determ ne the fame on the Oath.of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on the Confession of the Party or Parties so offending) shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pound', nor less than Five Pounds, as the said Justices shall respectively order and direct, to the said Commissioners, for the fame Purposes for which the said Assessments, Rates, and Taxes are hereby directed to be applied, and to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle of all and every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices; and that in Default of such Distress or Payment the Person or Persons so offending shall lie committed by such Justices to the House of Correctionffor the said Isle of Ely, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as the said Justices shall respectively order and direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the said Justices by whom iueh Commitment shall be made.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if ar.y Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter, permit or suffer his, her, or their Hogs or Swine to stray upon any of the Banks made or to be made and raised by virtue of this Act, all and every such Person and Persons, being thereof convicted before Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Iflepf Ely (who are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on the Conftfiion of the Party or Parties so offending) shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings, as the said Justices shall respectively order and direct, to the said Commissioners, for the fame Purposes for which the said AssefTnents, Rates, and Taxes are hereby directed to be applied, and to be leyied in the same Manner as the Penalties on Persons damaging the Works to be made or used under this Act herein-before mentioned are hereby directed to be levied.

XXXV. And, to the End that it may appear clearly what is raised from Time to Time by virtue of the said several Assessments or Rates, and how the fame have been from Time to Time applied, and that all Accounts of the Monies raised and disbursed by virtue of this Act may be fairly examined; be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall order and cause a Book of Assessments to be made and kept, and all the Ra'esand Assessments made as aforesaid under this Act to be fairly entered therein, and also shall order and cause a Book of Accounts to be made and kept, and an Account of all the Receipts and Disbursements of the Monies received and disbursed by virtue of this Act to be fairly entered in the lame, and that no Account shall be passed and allowed, unless the same shall be kept and made up in such Books as aforesaid; and that once in every Year (to v\yt) at the said General Meeting, they, the said Commissioners, shall carefully examine all Receipts and Disbursements of all such Monies as shall be col'efted, received, and disbursed by virtue of this Act, to the

f 9* W\ ' Lfidy

Penalty on Persons permitting Swine to ft ray on the Banks.

Books of AffefTinentsto be kept.

1320

For making and mam* taining Out-r ng or Division Dikes,

tie.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

Lady Day next before such Meeting, and all Vocchejs relating to the fame; and that upon Inspection and Examination of the said Accounts upon Oa.h, to be administered by One or more of the said Commissioners,

(which Oath any One or mortr of them is or are hereby empowered to administer) the said Commissioners shall, and they #re hereby empowered‘and directed to allow and pass the said Accounts, or such Parc or Parts thereof as shall appear to them just and reasonable, and the said Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be allowed by the said Commissioners under their Hands, shall be fairly entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by them the said Commissioners; and that the f.iid Book or Books shall ior may be inspected and perused at all seasonable Times by any Owner or Owners of the said Lands and Grounds so abutted and bounded as aforesaid, or of any Part thereof, without Fee or Reward.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Owners cl-Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds so described and abuttetl as aforesaid, shall make, and frodi Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter maintain and keep, all the Oumng or Division Dikes, of or belonging to their said respective Lmds and Grounds, of such Width and Depth as the said Commissioners shall, at any of their said Meetings, direct or appoint, not exceeding Nine Feet wide at Top, Four Feet wide at Bottom, and Seven Feet deep from the level Soil , and shall from Time to Time, and at all Times htreafier cause the said Dikes to be well and sufficiently roded, fcowered, and cleansed from Weeds and other Rubbish ard Obstructions, and also cause Bridges or Tunnels to be laid over the said Dikes, of such Dimenfi ns, and at such Places as the said Commissioners, at any of their said Meeting*;, shall judge proper and necessary (or the better issuing, running, and Conveying away of the Waters therein, and maintain and keep the said Bridges and Tunnels in Repair; and that if any such Owner or Occupier shall refuse or neglect to make or keep %;h D kes of the Dimensions aforesaid, or to rode, feower, orcleanle the fame From Weeds or other Rubbish or Obstructions, or to lay down or repair such Tunnels or Bridges as aforesaid, after Fourteen Day* Notice in Writing, under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners (although not assembled at a Meeiing) to him or her given, or left at his or her usual Place of Abode, or in case he or she shall not at that Time have any Place of Abode wirhin the said Parish or Place where such Lands shall lie, to which such Dikes, Bridges, or Tunnels shall appertain or belong, then, after affixing such Notice on the Church Door of the Paiiffi or Place where such Lands shall licj the said Commissioners shall and mar, and they are hereby authorized and required to cause the same to be done in a proper and effectual Manner, and by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to authorize and empower their Collector or Collectors, or any other Perfoti or Persons, to levy and raise the Money expended in the doing thereof by Distress and Sale of such Goods, Chattel', and Cattle as shall at any Time thereafter be found on the Lands and Grounds to which such Dikes, Bridges, of Tunnels shall appertain or belong; and that the Person or Persons to whom such Warrant shall be directed shall and tnay levy the Money, so expended, by Distress and Sale of the fame Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, together with all incidental Charge', in the same Manner as the Rates, Taxe*, «nd Assessments herein-before mentioned are hereby directed to be levied, rendering the Overplus (if any there be) to the Owner or Owners there./.

A

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 73. 1321

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all such Rights, Powers, Rights of and Authorities as the Commissioners of Sewers for the Hundred of IVij-beck, and Parts adjacent, have at any Time or Times heretofore hail or o»ei tiioie exercised over the said Lands and Grounds so described and abutted as aforesaid, or the Banks, Drains, Tunnels, Sluices, or other Works within the Limits thereof, or in or over the Drain extending from the present Sea Mill to the said River Nene, and the Banks, Tunnels, Sluices, and other Works thereto belonging, or any of them, by virtue of any Act of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever, shall from thenceforth ccafe and be utterly void and determined.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Not to inv»-herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to invalidate. Halfpenny lessen, diminish, or take away the Rights Powers, and Authorities now Acre Shot, or vested in the said Commissioners of Sewers for the raising of the Rate or Tax known by the Name of The Halfpenny Here Shot, upon or from the th-

said Lands and Grounds so abutted and described as aforesaid, or any of Rlvcl them, or for the raising of any Ratfs, Taxes, or Sums of Money upon or from the said Lands and Gtounds lo abutted and described as aforesaid, for the repairing, maintaining, and supporting of the Bank or Banks running from Clowes Cross to Guybirn Cross, and from thence to Wisbech Bridge, and so to a Place called The Horse Shoe, in the said Parish of Leverington; but that the said Lands and Grounds shall dill remain charged and chargeable with the said Rate or Tax, known by the Name of The Halfpen-y Here Shot, and also charged and chargeable with the Repairs of the said Banks, in such Proportion, Manner, and Form as before the passing of this Act the said Lands and Grounds have been used to be charged towards the said Repairs; and rhar the said Commissioners of Sewers shall have full Power and Authority to assess, rate, and tax the said Lands and Grounds respectively for and towards the said Halfpenny Acre Shot, and for and towards repairing the said Bank or Banlcs in the Proportion and Manner herein-before mentioned, and shall have the fame Powers and Remedies for the recovering and compelling Payment of the said Halfpenny Acre Shot, and also of the said other Rates and Afllffinents to be by them imposed on the said Lands and Grounds, for the repairing of trie said Bank or Banks, which they have heretofore had and exercised by or under any Law or Commission of Sewers whatsoever-, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the several Diktreeve* Dikereeves and other Officers acting under the Power and by the Autho- under Com rity of the Commission of Sewers for the Hundred of Wisbech and Parts 0

adjacent, shall collect and receive all such Rates and Assessment as shall collea Rate* have been by the said Power and Authority laid upon the said Lands and *x«pt net-Grounds so described and abutted as aforesaid, or any of them, before the cepted. passing of this Act, and the said Rates, Taxes, and Assessments (except the Rate or Tax known by the Name of The Halfpenny Acre Shot-, and also except the Rates and Affirffments laid for the repairing and maintaining of the Bank or Banks running from Clowes Cross to Guybirn Cross, ' and from thence to Wisbech Bridge, and to a Place called The Horsefboe, in the Parish of Leverington) apply in the first Place towards reimbursing themselves all such Sums of Money as shall have been laid out and ex-p&ded by them or any of them upon the said Lands and Grounds or any [_Loc. & Per.] ' q 15 I Part

1322

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

Part thereof, at the Time of the passing of this Act, under and by virtue of the said Power and Authority, and shall have the fame Remedies for the compelling of the Payment thereof as they or any of them had before the passing of this Act and that they the said Dikereeves and Officers, after reimbursing themselves such Sums of Money so laid out and expended as aforesaid, shall pay the Overplus of such Rates, Taxes, and Assessments (except as before excepted) to the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Rates, Taxes, and Assessments to be laid by force and virtue of this Act, and to be by them applied to and for the Purposes thereof, provided that the fame be collected and received by the said Dikereeves and Officers of Sewers within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act.

Peferving K lghts of Confci vit- cs of Bedford Level.

I

The Commissioners linger ti-is Act iiny fcgrec for% draining Lands in Cor-fieUFen.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to invalidate, lessen, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities vested in the Governor, BailifL, or Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, by virtue of an Act made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for fell ling the draining of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, or by virtue of any other Act or Statute whatsoever; but that all Right*, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue of the said Act of the Fifteenth of King Charles the Second, or of any other Act or Statute whatsoever, now are verted in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be in ther&id Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, and every of them, as fully , and amply to all Iptents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made.

> ' Kff '

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissionrrs appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to agree with the Proprietors and Owners of Lands lying in a certain Place called Gcrfield Fen, within the said Parish of Leverington, for the draining of the said Lands in the said Fen into any of the Drains to be made or used under this Act, upon such Terms and Conditions as they shall think proper: and that after . \ such Agreement it shall be lawful for the said Land Owners and Proprietors to drain the said Lands in the said Fen by and through such of the said Drains to be made or used under this Act as shall or may be agreed on, and not otherwise; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Ac"onj'Cn of

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Tiling done in pursuance of this Act, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, every such Action or Suit shall be cummcnfeJ within Six Calendar Months next after the Face *J. committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid, had, and brought in the said Isle of Ely, or in the County of Cambrige, and not elsewhere;

' and e*

1323

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall and may plead the General Issue, and if in Replevin, justify and avow by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Amh >rity of C ^mmissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and shall and may, without specially pleading the same, other than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon, give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for. bringing the same, or shall be brought or laid in any other County or Liberry than as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants,

Avowant or Avowants, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Adidn or Adtons, Suit or Suits, or.if a Verdict shall pass, or upon Demurrer or otherwise, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, that then, or in any of these Cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, and have such and the like Remtdy for the same as Where C'ofts by Law are awarded.

A " \

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall be ad- For discharg-vanced and paid by any Perl’on or Persons in discharging the Fees or p'Ju'eso^ this other Expences in obtaining, and passing this Act, shall be repaid and Act. satisfied by the said Commissioners, wiih lawful Interest for the fame out of the first Monies to be raised by the,m by virtue of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed to be a Publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons are hereby rtquired to take Notice thereof as such without specially*plead^ig the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 74.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Afoby^ in the Parish of Bottesford, in the County of Lincoln.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS there are within the Township of Ashby, in the Pa- preamble, rifli of Bcltesford in the County of Lincoln, several Open Fields, M adows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which are distinguished by several Names, and which contain together One thousand eight hundred and thirty Acres, or thereabouts:

And whereas John Julius Angtrjltin Esquire, is Lord of the Manor and Soke of Ku ten, in the Parts of Lindfty, in the said County of Lin oln, of which Manor and S ke the said Township of Aflsby is Part and Parcel, and is interested in the boil of the Waste Grounds within the same Township: And whereas ‘'fobn Forded Gentleman, is Impropriator of the Impropriate Rectory of Bottesford aforesaid, and as such is entitled to all

the Tythes of Hay, Corn, and Wool, growing, renewing, or arising within the Township of Ashby aforesaid, and the Tytheable Places thereof, and to certain Glebe Lands, and otherwise interested in the said Open [L«r. Id Per.] 15 K Fields,

1326

Commission-, n.

Power veiled in Two Com-iniilioners.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds: And whereas the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Lincoln for the Time being, and the Right Worshipful the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary ot Lincoln, and their Successors, are alternate Patrons of the Vicarage of M’fftnghajji with hottesford aforesaid, and the Reverend Eduard Jorden Clerk, is Vicar of the said Vicarage, and as such is entitled to the Tythes of Lamb and all other Vicarial Tythes (except the Tythe of Wool) yearly arising and increTing within the said Township of Ashby: And whereas ' George Healey Esquirr, Ann Metcalfe Spinster, William Wild, William Clarke, William Fowler, John Clarke, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of the Residue of all the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures in the said Township of AJfjby, and are respectively entitled to Rights of Common and other Rights therein, and in and upon the several Mdors, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the same Township, in different Proportions: And whereas the several Lands of the said Proprietors of the said Open Field Linds, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed in linall Parcels, and it would be of great Advantage to the several Pcpiaps interested therein) and in the said Moors, Commbnsj and Waste Grounds, if the fame were divided and incloltd, drained, embanked, and improved, in the Manner herein-after directed, and specifick Parts thereof allotted to such several Owners and Proprietors, and Persons interfiled therein, in proportion to their respective Rights, Piopcrty, Rights of Common, and other Interests, and it Comptniaiion was made for the Tythes of all the said Fields, Meadows, Paftur.-s, Moors, Commons, and Waste-Grounds, and of - all the Homesteads and old lncldures within the said Township of Ashby, in the Manner herein-after mentioned; but as the fame cannot be eftefted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ard by the Authority of the same, That Francis Otter of htainlon Vale, in the Pari ih of Stainton-le-Hole, in the said County of Lincoln, John Renjhaw of Qwtkorpc in the County of Nottingham, and Samuel 1 urner of Bujlingthorpe in the said County of Lincoln, Gentlemen, and their Successors, to be circled in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Township of Ashly aforesaid, and for putting this Act into Execution, in the Manner, and subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein-after contained.

II. And be it further enacted, That wherever in this Act Power is given to the said Commissioners to do any Act of Thing, or make any Orders, Rules, or Regulations, such Power shall be considered as vested in the said Commissioners, or any Two of them-, and the said Commissioners may adjourn from Time to Time; and if Two Commissioners shall not appear at any Meeting, then and in such Case any One Commissioner then present may adjourn such Meeting to a future Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Time of adjourning, and shall give Notice thereof to the 8 absent

1327

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

absent Commissioners \ any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall c.iufc Commiflton-publick Notice to be given in the Parish Church of Botlrsford aforesaid, Jjotiee^of* upon forne Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or ochcrwife shall Mctiin^i-cause a Notice under their Hands to be affixed or the mod publick Door

of the Church of the same Parish, of the Time and Place of their First and every subsequent Meeting for the Execution of this Act, Eight Days at lead before any such Meeting shall be held, Meetings by Adjournment only excepted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Anthony Bower, of the City of ommission-

Lincoln, Land Surveyor, shall be and is hereby appointed the Surveyor ftnnt*Sur*

for executing the several Powers and Authorities vested in him by virtue viy. i o. $U1-of this Act; and that it dull and may be lawful for the said. Com- v<70rs-roissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to appoint

One or more Affidant Surveyor or Surveyors for executing the Purposes of this Act, in case they shall judge the same to be necessary and expedient.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Francis Otter, or Appointment any Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after mentioned, miffiemei-t Trid shall die, refute, or be disabled to act, then and in every such Calc it shall Surveyors, be lawful for the said John Julius Angerjlein, his Heirs or Assigns, within

Thirty Days next after Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to him or them by the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or ei;her of them, to appoint a new Commissioner, not intereded in the said Inrlofure, in the Stead of such Commissioner who shall so die, refuse. or be disabled to act; and in case the said John Renjhaw, or any Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after mentioned, shall die, refuse, or be disabled to act, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful lor the said John Farddl, his Heirs or Assigns, and the said Edward Jorden as Vicar as aforesaid, or his Successors, within Thirty Days next after Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to him or them by the surviving or ie-maining Commissioners, or either of them, to appoint a new Commissioner, not intereded in the said Inclosure, in the Stead of such Commissioner who shall so die, refuse, or become disabled to act , and in case the said Samuel Turner, or any Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after mentioned, or if the said Anthony Bower, or any Surveyor to be appointed in his Place in pursuance of this Act, shall, before the Execution of all the Poweis and Authorities hereby respectively vested in them, die, refuse, or be disabled to act, then and in every such Case a new Commissioner or Surveyor shall be chosen in the Stead of any such Commissioner or Surveyor so dying, refusing, or being disabled to act, by a Majority in Value of the Proprietors of or Persons intereded in the said Open Fields, Meadows, Padures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, so directrd to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, (except the said John Julius Angerjlein and John Fat dell and Edward Jorden respectively, and their respective Heirs, Assigns, and Successors, as to the Election of such Commissioner only), who shall be present at any Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose, within Thirty Days after such Death, Rrfulal, or Disability, of which Meeting Ten Days Notice at lead shall be affixed upon

1328

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

the most publick outer Door of the Parish Church of Bottesford aforesaid { and every such Appointment of a new Commissioner or Surveyor shall be reduced into Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons making the same, and shall be delivered to the remaining or surviving Commis-| fioner or Commissioners; and in case no such Election of Commissionerl

or Surveyors, as the Case may be, shall be made at such Meeting, or if no Appointment shall be made in either of the first-mentioned Cases within the Time aforesaid, the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall and may, and they and he are and is hereby required, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, within Twenty-one Days after the Expiration of the Time allowed to the respective Parties for namirg such new Commissioner or Commissioners and Surveyor respectively as aforesaid, to appoint One other Commissioner or Surveyor for the Purposes of this Act, in the Room and Stead of each of such Commissioner or Surveyor so dying or refusing or being disabled to act; and every Person, when lo elected and appointed a Commissioner or Surveyor respectively as herein-before is directed, shall have the fame Powers and Authorities for putting this Act into Execution as the Commissl 'ntr or Surveyor in whose Plate he shall have been so appointed was inverted with, so that until all and every the Powers and P ovisions of this Act shall be fully executed, there shall be One Commissioner of the Appointment of the said Lord of the Manor, another of the Impropriator and Virar, and another of the Majority in Value of the said Proprietors, whose Powers shall continue and remain until every Act, Matter, and Thing directed and required of them by this Act, respecting the said Inclosure, shall be completed.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Commissioner who shall refuse or decline to act as aforesaid, shall and he is hereby required forthwith to give Notice of his Intention to refuse or decline acting as a Commissioner, in such Manner as Notices of Meetings from the said Commissioners are hereby required to be given, to the Intent that another Commissioner may be forthwith appointed according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

CommifEon-

ers declining to act to give Notice.

Commissioners and Surveyor to take an Oath.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Commissioner or Surveyor, or Assistant Surveyor, in the Execution of the Powers contained in this Act, (except the Power of signing and giving Notice of the First Meeting of the said Commissioners, and administering the Oath or Affirmation herein-after directed), until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath or Affirmation following-, (that is to say),

T do swear [cr, being One of the People called Quakers, do solemnly ‘ 1 affirm] That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, to the best

of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform the several Trusts,

Powers, and Authorities veiled and repoled in me as a Commissioner ‘ [or, as a Surveyor] by virtue of /In AR for dividing, allotting, incosing, ‘ draining, embanking, and improving the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, ‘ Moors, Commons, and IVaft e Grounds, in the Fewuship of Ashby, in the ‘ Parish of B ittesford, in the County of Lincoln, according to Equity and

good Conscience, and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Par-

tiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.’

Which

41° GEORGII lit. Cap. 74.

Which Oath or Affirmation it shall be lawful for any One of the said Commissioners to administer, and he is hereby required to administer the same to any other of the said Commissioners, and also to the Surveyor Or Surveyors, or Assistant Surveyor or Surveyors; and the said Oath or Affirmation, so taken and subscribed by each Commissioner, and by the iSurveyor or Surveyors, or such Assistant or Assistants, and also the Instrument of Appointment of every new Commissioner or Commissioners, Surveyor or Surveyors, (if any such there shall be) with the like Oath or Affirmation to be taken by him or them, shall be annexed to and shall be inrolled with the Award of the Commissioners hereinafter mentioned and directed to be made , and such l'everal Oaths so subscribed, and also the Inrolment of the fame, shall be deemed legal Evidence.

VII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money that shall arise for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, there shall be paid to each of the Commissioners, as a Recompence for his Pains and Trouble, the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for each Day he shall be employed in travelling to and returning from and attending in the Execution of this Act, and no more, and that the said Commissioners shall defray their travelling Expences, and also their own Expences, at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act.

VIII. And whereas Disputes may arise touching the Boundaries of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, where the fame may adjoin any other Parish, Township, Place, or Liberty; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, fix or appoint some Day or Days for perambulating the Boundaries of the said Lands and Grounds, where the fame adjoin to any other Parish, Townshipj Place, or Liberty, and shall, at lead Ten Days before the Time appointed for such Perambulation, give Notice of the Time and Place of beginning the fame, in the Parish Church of Bottesford aforesaid, immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing under their Hands affixed on One of the mod publick outer Doors of the said Church, and also by Advertisement to be inserted in some Newspaper circulating in the said County of Lincoln, so that all Persons intereded or concerned therein may have an Opportunity of attending the said Commissioners upon such Perambulation of the said Boundaries, the better to enable them to fix and ascertain the fame; and after such Notice the said Commissioners diall, and they are hereby authorized and required to make such Perambulation as aforesaid, and thereby and also by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, if they shall think necessary (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to adminider), and by such other legal Ways and Means as they shall think proper, to ascertain, fix, and settle the said Boundaries against the Boundaries of any adjoining Parish, Township, Place, or Liberty, and to cause the same to be set out, daked, and marked accordingly, and the Boundaries so to be fixed, ascertained, and determined by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be set out and described in the said Commissioners Award herein-after directed to be made, and shall be final, binding, and conclusive, upon all Parties whomsoever, unless the same shall be appealed against in the Manner herein-after mentioned: Provided nevertheless, That if any of the Proprietors or Occupiers of Estates within any adjoining Parish, Town-

1329

Commissioner« Allowance.

The Boundaries to be perambulated.

*33°

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

ship, Place, or Liberty, shall be diffittisfied wi.h the Determination of the said Commissioners in relation to the letting out and fixing the said Boundaries, such Persons may appeal against the Lme to the Justices of the Peace, not interested in the Matter in question, at the General Quarter Session to be held at Kirton, for the Division of Lindsey in the said County of Lincoln, next after the Expiration of Twenty-one Days from the Meeting of the Lid Commissioners, at which such Determination shall have been made, the Person or Persons intending to make such Appeal giving to the said Commissioners, or One of them, Ten Days Notice at the lead of such Intention; and the said Justices shall and they are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and to settle and ascertain such Part or Parts of the said Boundaries in resptdf whereof such Appeal shall be made, and the Determination of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive.

Survey to be

IX. And be it further enacted, That a full, true, and exact Survey rnadt’ and Adtneafurement shall be made of all the said Open Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, anti also of the an.irnt inclosed Lands, Grounds, and Homesteads within the Township of Ashly aforesaid, and a fair Plan delineated thertof, within Two CaLndar Months next after the passing of this Act, or as loon after as shall be appointed try the said Commissioners, in c»fe they shall see sufficient Ciute for enlarging the Time for completing the said Survey, by the Lid ,>ntlony Bower, and such Assistant or Assistants as shall be appointed be tl.e laid Commissioners, or by such other Surveyor or Surveyors a' shall be elected in Manner herein-before mentioned and that huh Survey anti Aotr.ca-furement shall be reduced into Writing, and the N nib-r or Acre*, Roods, and Perches, in Statute Measure, contained in the L u t; .-n Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Common;, and Waste Grounds, and ancient inclosed Lands, Grounds, and flomeftrads, wuhm me fid Township of Ashly, and each and every Proprietor’s distmet Picperrv in the fame respectively, at the Time of making such Survey and Ad uea-furement, shall be therein set forth and specified, and that the said tsui-vey, Admeasurement, and Plan shall be delivered to the said Commissioners at their next Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, arter the same shall be completed, or as loon after as may be, and shall be verified at the Time the same shall be delivered by the Oaih of loch Sur, veyor, which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby required and empowered to administer, and cause a Memorandum or Certificate thereof to be written or indorsed upon the said Plan; and such Survey and Plan shall be kept by the said Commissioners for the Purpufis of this Act.

power to en. X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Sur-

ttr Lands. veyor appointed or to be appointed under or by virtue of this Act, to-

gether with all and every of their Assistants, Servanrs, and Persons to be employed by them, at any Time for the Purposes and in Execution of this Act, shall have and they are hereby vested with full Power and Authority, at any Time or Times whatsoever, to enter into, view and tx-amine, survey and aeftneafure, as well the said Fields, Lands, Moors, \ and Grounds, as also the ancient inclosed Lands Within the said Township of Ashby, and to dig up the Soil of the Lid Lands to make Drains, Banks, or otherwiL, as the due Execution of this Act shall require, wirh-7 out

410 georgii ;ni;oc*j>. 74,

out any Molestation or Interruption whatsoever, making such Satisfie-tiun to the Owner or Owners of the said old indofed Lands as hereinafter b directed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, having or claiming to have any Ellate, Property, Common Right or Rights, or other Interest, in, to, or ip >n the 'find Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inrloied, arfd the said old Iiieto'UrH'fft the said Township of Ashty, or any of them, shall and th y are hereby required to deliver their respective Claims in Writing under their Hands or the Hands of their respective Agents, to the said Commissioners, at such Meeting or Meetings as shall be held by them for that Purposr, pursuant to tuch Notices as are hereby directed to be given for putting this Act into Execution, distinguishing in such Claims the several Pafticu-lats thereof, and the Tenure of such Property respectively; and that no such Claim shall be received after the lart Meeting to be held for that Purpose in consequence of such Notice as aforesaid, and which shall be so expressed therein, (except for some special Caule to be allowed by the said Commissioners)'-, and after the said Claims shall be so received, the said Commissioners, before they proceed to divide and allot the Lands and Grounds by this Act authorized to be divided and inclosed, shall give such publick Notice as before directed in the Parish Church of Bettesford aforesaid, or otherwise upon the most publick outer Door thereof, of all such Claims for Common Right or other Interest upon the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Moors, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds which shall have been so made before them, and appointing a Day and Place when and where all Parties concei ned may appear before them, and shew Cause for or against the Allowance or Disallowance of any of the said Claims, and at such Meeting the said Commissioners shall proceed to examine, and then or at some future Meeting, finally settle and determine the fame; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and' required to hear, determine, and settle any Doubts, Disputes, or Differences which may arise or happen between any of the said Proprietors concerning the respective Shares and Interests in the Lands and Grounds so intended to be divided and inclosed, or concerning the respective Shares or Proportions which they or any of them ought to have upon the said intended Division and Inclosure; and for the better settling and determining upon the said Claims, Disputes, and Differences, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to examine Witnesses upon Oath (which O rh the said Commissioners, or any One of them, are and is hereby authorized to administer accordingly), and by such other Evidence as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, to hear and determine the fame, and all such Determinations of the said Commissioners shall be absolutely finding, final, and conclusive, and such Witnesses shall be compelled to attend and be examined in Manner hereSn-after merftioned; and if any Person or Persons, being a Proprietor in the said Township, or otherwise, shall bring or cause to be brought any Claim or Dispute, Difference or Objection, to any Claim before the said Commissioners, whereby any unnecessary Expence shall be occasioned, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners before whom the fame may be brought, toafftfs loch Costs as to them shall seem icasonable upon the Person or Persons making or occa-

CommifEon* e» s to determine upon Claims,

1332

But not to

determine upon Titles.

Power to summon

WitnessVi.

The Claim of Tbtmas Pindar Bfc. to a Right of Warren over the Ball Common of AJbbjy to be tried at Law by a feigned Ifltic.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

fioning any such Claim, Dispute, Difference, or Objection; and in case of Non-payment thereof on Demand, the same shall and may be recovered in like Manner as any other Money is by this Act authorized to be recovered.

XII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained thall authorize the said Commissioners to hear and determine any Differences or Disputes which may arise touching the Right or Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, Common Rights or other Rights, in the said Township of A fit by, for which the Parties may commence and prosecute such Suits or Remedies as they shall be advised and think proper; but the said Commissioners thall assign and set out the Allotments herein-after directed to be made, to the Person and Persons who, at the Time of the said Divisiot) and Inclosure, thall have the actual Seism and Possession of the Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, and Common Rights, in respect whereof such Allotments shall be respectively made.

XIII. And, the better to enable the said Commissioners to determine as well upon the Claims of Proprietors to Rights or Interests in and upon the Lands and Grounds to be inclosed by Authority of this Act in Manner before directed, as all'o to hear and determine all such Objections, Complaints, and Disputes; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time as they thall fee Occasion, by any Writing under their Hands, to summon and require any Person or Persons to appear before them on a Day and at a Place in such Writing respectively to be named, then and there to testify the Truth touching any Matter in Difference, between any of the Proprietors or Persons interested, and to cause a true Copy of such Writing to be served upon such Person required to testify, or left at his or her last Place of Abode; and every such Person so summoned, who shall not appear before the said Commissioners pursuant to such Summons, (except for some reasonable Excuse), or if appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined, (the reasonable Charges of his or her Attendance being settled by the said Commissioners, and being first: paid or tendered), and being thereof convicted before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Lincoln, upon Information thereof upon Oath made before any such Justice, shall forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings, as such Justice shall think reasonable, to be levied by Warrant of any such Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so convicted, together with all reasonable Costs.

XIV. And whereas 'Thomas Pindar of Bromby JVocdball, in the County of Lincoln, Esquire, having claimed a Right of Warren over One of the Commons within the Township of AJliby aforesaid, called The East Common, hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and Objections having been made to such Claim by some of the Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said Township; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Thomas Pindar, his Heirs or Assigns, to try the Matter of such disputed Claim at Law, at the First or Second Assizes to be held after the passing of this Act, in and for the said County of Lincoln, and not at any subsequent Assizes, unless the Court shall fee

Cause

1333

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

Cause to put off such Trial, upon an Action to be commenced by the said Thomas Pindar, his Heirs or Assigns, in His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, against any Person or Persons having Right of Common upon the said last-mentioned Common, upon a feigned Issue to be settled by the proper Officer of the said Court, in case the Parties differ about the lame; and ihe Party or Parties against whom such Action shall be broughr, on being served with Process, which Process shall be served at least Thirty Days before the Commission Day of such Assizes as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to name his, her, or their Attorney or Aitornies, to appear to such Action, accept a Declaration, and plead to issue, and the Verdict that shall be given upon such Issue shall be final and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, if satisfactory to the said Court of Assize, but if such Verdict shall not be satisfactory to the said Court, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to direct a new Trial to be had upon such Issue, and the Verdict thereupon shall be absolutely final and conclusive upon all Parties; and in case the Verdict of the Jury on the Trial of the said Cause shall be given in Favour of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, then the Costs thereof shall be taxed by the proper Officer of the said Court, and paid by the Defendant or Defendants, but he, she, or they shall be reimbursed the fame by the said Commissioners, who shall assess, levy, and raise such Costs, in the same Manner as the Costs,

Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, are hereby directed to be raised, borne, and paid; and in case such Verdict shall be

?iven in Favour of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, then the ofts of such Action shall be taxed as aforesaid, and paid to the Defendant or Defendants, by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and that Process of Execution shall issue out of the said Court of King’s Bench in Favour of the Party entitled to such Costs, and shall or may be executed for the Recovery of the fame; and in case the Verdict of the Jury, on the Trial of if aVerdiit the said Cause, shall be given in Favour of the said ‘Thomas Pindar, his Heirs or Assigns, in such Action, then the said Commissioners shall Plaintiff, Aland they are hereby required to set out and allot unto him and them such

Parcel or Parcels of Land, Part of the said East Common, to adjoin the be made to Warren of Bromby aforesaid, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners in such Case be a fair and adequate Satisfaction for such Right so claimed by him the said Thomas Pindar, and which shall be determined by the Verdict aforesaid; and in such Case the said Commissioners shall charge the said Thomas Pindar, his Heirs or Assigns, with the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge f lir and reasonable, for his and their Share of all the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, in Proportion to the Value of the Lands which shall be so allotted to him and them as last mentioned; which Sum and Sums of Money shall and may be recovered in such Manner as other Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act shall be recoverable.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no such Trial to Thc»beve be had as aforesaid, nty any Differences, Disputes, or Suits, touching the Tide to any Lands or Grounds, or other Rights or Interests, shall prevenr, DffpUtei not obstruct, or impede the Execution of this Act; and that if no such Trial to imped* the shall be had upon th- laid Issue at the Assizes aforesaid, then and in such lftelofuie’ Cafe the said Commissioners shall proceed in the Execution of this Act,

\_Loc. & Per.~\ 15 M in

*33+

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

in such Manner and Form as they could or might have done in c*fe no Pmwdif1* such Claim had been made by the said ‘Thomas Pindar; and that if any of atTa'r not*10 the Parties, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants in the said abate. Action, which shall or may be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had hjppcned.

CommifTon-

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall,

the Course of as ^onn a^ccr r^c Pafl*ng of this Act as conveniently may be, by some Husbanjiy. Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be published as hetein-belore

is directed with respect to Notices of Meetings, order and direct the Course of Husbandry that shall be used in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds intended by this Act to be divided and inclosed, until the Time when they shall have made and completed the said Division and Allotments, as well with respect to the laying down, plowing, lowing, fallowing, and tilling thereof, as to the Hocking and eating the Fallows and Stubbles, and also to the cutting of Turf, Peat, Furze, Thorns, or Bullies, getting or digging of Wood, or doing any Injury unto or upon the Lands intended by this Act to be inclosed, and by the fame or any other Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be published as aforesaid, shall and may make such Orders and Regulations touching the Conduct of Fame's and Tenants within the Township of Ashby aforesaid, for preventing them from committingWafte or Destruccion upon any of the said Lands and Grounds in the same Township, in the mean Time and until the Allotments and Divisions thereof shall be effected, as to them shall seem expedient; all which Orders and Regulations of the said Commissioners shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties interested, their Farmers and Tenants; and that the said Commissioners shall set and impole such pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures on every Person not conforming to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations as they shall think necessary, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds on any One Person for any One Offence, which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and for such Uses and Purposes, as the said Commissioners shall,

by any Writing or Writings under their Hands direct or appoint, and the same shall be recovered and recoverable in a summary Way beloreany One Jbllice of the Peace for the said Parts of Lindsey, who is hereby authorized and required, upon Complaint made before him, to summon the Party charged, and to examine any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, and toproceed to Judgement and Conviction as in Cases of afimilar Nature j and if any such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be adjudged to have been incurred, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Penalties to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, together with reasonable Costs, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

Tenants to be

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Tenants or Occupieis of foi?owing°r l^e Lands and Grounds within the said Township of Ashbs, shall be al-

Cropt, and lowed to fow, reap, and take away the fame Kinds of Corn or Grain

he^nude toruPon or from the same Number of Acres, and in, upon, and from the the Standage fame Fields, Lands, and Grounds, as and for their following or way-go-ownerioifthe 'n3 Crops, without paying any Rent or making any Satisfaction or Com-Laods. " 3 pcnfalion

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

pensation for the Standage thereof, as they would have been respectively entitled to if they had quitted their Farms at Lady-day or May-day One thousand eight hundred and two, and had not this Act: been made -, provided that they shall have pursued the fame Course of Husbandry with their Fallow and other Lands, as hath been the usual Custom in the said Fields; but in case they shall vary therefrom, or shall have sown such Land with Corn as ought in the due Course of Flulbandry to have Iain Fallow, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to compel such Tenants respectively to make Satisfaction for the fame, by making such Charges upon their following Crops, to be paid before the fame is taken off the Ground, as to them shall seem reasonable and proper: Provided nevertheless, and the said Commissioners a.e hereby directed, authorized, and empowered, by some Writing or Writings under their Hands, to ai-certain, order, and appoint what Recompence and Satisfaction in Monty shall be paid by the Owner or Owners of such Lands and Grounds, from which such following and way-going Corps shall be reaped and taken away as aforesaid, for the Standage of such Crops, to the Person or Persons to whom such Lands and Grounds shall be allotted by virtue of this Act but if in either of the said Cases such Charge, Recompence, and Satisfaction, shall not be satisfied and paid at the Time and in the Manner to be appointed by the said Commissioners, then the said Commissioners shall and may, by any Warrant or Warrants under their Flands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, (which Warrant or Warrants they are hereby directed and empowered to grant accordingly), cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons required to make such Recompence and Sa-tisfaction as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if there shall beany) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no old Swarth Ground, Parcel of the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided and inclosed by Authority of this Act, and which shall not have been plowed or used in Tillage for the Space of Ten Years last part before the passing of this Act, shall be plowed or converted into Tillage after the passing thereof, until the making of such Division and Allotments thereof, and Notice given to enter upon such Allotments.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may and are hereby authorized and required (by such Agents, Workmen, and Labourers as they shall think fit to employ) to enlarge and make deeper all or any, of the ancient or present Drains, Sewers, or Watercourses, upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and other Lands in the said Township of jdjhby, and to enlarge, raifr, alter, improve, or rebuild all or any of the Bridges, Cloughs, Arches, Banks, or other Works already made thereon, and also to set out, appoint, and make such new Drains, Sewers, Banks, Tunnels, Outlets, Engines, Cloughs, Bridges, and other Works, as they shall judge necessary, in, through, and over the said Moors, Lands, and Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and also, in, through, and over any inclosed Lands and Homelteads in the Township of Ashby aforesaid, (making reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners of such inclosed Lands and Flomelleads for the Damage to be done thereby) of such Dimensions, and in such Courses and Directions as the said Commissioners

*335

Old Swarth not to be plowed.

Power for

Drainage and Warping.

133

Persont under Disabilities enabled to make Con-trade with the Commissioners.

Commissioners to make Rules for the future Management of the Works, and 10 make AHetfments.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

missioners shall chink proper and expedient for protecting and defending the said Lands and Grounds from the Upland Water that may be liable to overflow the lame, and also for effectually draining and for warping the fame by Means of the Waters of the River 7r«7/, and otherwise improving the said Lands and Grounds, so as the Quantity of Land in the said Township of Ajbby, to be cut for the Purposes of draining and warping, do not extend Foity Acres Statute Measure; and for the better efTeifting such Purposes, the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to join and conned any of the Drains and Sewers to be made by virtue of this Act with any Drains or Sewers made or to be mule in any Parish or Place adjoining or near to the said Township of Ashby, imo which Drains or Sewers there is or shall be any legal Right to drain Waters from any Lands or Grounds within the said Township of AJbby, and to make any Contracts or Agreements with the Owners of any Drains or Sewers for that Purpose, and also to purchase any Lands or Grounds in any adjoining or neighbouring Parishes or Places for obtaining the belt and most effectual Outfall into the River Trent, for draining, warping, and improving the said Commons, Lands, and Grounds, and to make, cut, and ered all such Drains, Bridges, Tunnels, Cloughs, and other Work', in, through, and over such Lands so to be purchased as shall be most conducive to the Ends aforesaid, and also to agree with the Proprietors of any Drains, Cloughs, or other Works of Drainage in any adjoining or neighbouring Parishes or Places for the Purchase of any such Works for the Purposes aforesaid, or for the Use and Benefit of any such Drains, Cloughs, or other Works, either already made or hereafter to be made, enlarged, or improved in any such adjacent Parishes or Places, for such Time and Times, and upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Commilfi mers shall think proper and expedient, and shall agree upon accordingly: Provided always, That all such Owners and Proprietors as aforesaid, and their several and respective Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies, shall by virtue of this Act be fully empowered to make such Contracts, Agreements, and Sales to and with the said Commissioners, notw:thstanding any legal or other Disabilities whatsoevert and the said Commissioners shall and may in and by their Award herein-after directed to be made, or by any Writing under their Hands, in the mean Time, appoint such Per-j son or Persons, and make such Orders and give such Directions for carrying on, effecting, and preserving all such Works, and for maintaining, supporting, preserving, ancf keeping the fame in good Repair from thenceforth for ever thereafter, and for aliening, receiving, and recovering the Costs, Charges, and Expences thereof, as they shall think proper, and the Colts, Charges, and Expences, Sum and Sums, to be caused, occasioned, and paid by the making, executing, and completing such Works of Drainage and Warping as aforesaid, and by such Contracts, Agreements, and Purchases as shall be entered into and made by the said Commissioners, by virtue of the Powers aforesaid, ai,d all other Expences and Damages what-i'oever to be occasioned thereby, shall be borne and paid by the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds in the said Township of AjHy, benefited by such Works (other than and except the said John Fardell, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Vicar and his Succtfiors, with respect to th* first making and executing the said Works) in such Shares and Proportions, and at such Times as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, and shall be levied and recovered in such Manner as the other Expences of executing this Act are herein-after directed to be levied and recovered j

*337

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

covered ancT the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award specify and set forth the Numbers of Acres, Roods, and Perches in the Lands and Grounds in the said Township of Ashby, which shall be benefited by such Works of Drainage and Warping, and the Particulars and annual Value thereof, and the Names of the Proprietors to whom the same shall belong or be allotted respectively; and the said Commissioners shall thereby fix and ascertain a proportionate Rate to be paid by such Proprietors respectively (including the said Tythe Owners) for supp.irting and prelcrving the said Works in future, which shall at a 1 Times thereafter be the Rate and Proportion by which all Rates and Assessments for those Purposes shall be charged and regulated.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agre d to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Pu'-poses thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any ocher Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the fame exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bink of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Commissioners for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Peucion, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments, in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or Part thereof, affefting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affefting other Lands or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbadon of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and lettled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so taken, or used as aforesaid. Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilting, undetermined, and capable of taking ElFeft; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, on the Request of any One or more of the said Trustets, in Writing, f.gn'd by him or them, and without any Order of the Court of Chancery, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Crnium Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time go and belong to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed to be paid as aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation,

fXer. W Fer.] 15 N or

Application of Coir pensation wh-re exceeding 100 /

Applicatioa

whtrethe

Compensation

1338 At0 GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

d' t. not nt- or to any Person or P Ions under Dif.brity or Incapacity as aforesaid, k&thimLT not rxcecd the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entirlrd to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchated, taken, or uled, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, ac the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by One or more of the Commissioners for ' executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Panics), in order that such Money may be applied in any Manner herein-before di-rctted, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enactrd, That where such Money'is'left Money lo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall than ao /. be less than Twenty Pounds, thrn and in all such Cases the same shall be

paid to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchasetl, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act; or in case of Inlancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Commission-cr« to ascertain the Lands improve able by warping, and to regulate the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and directed, as loon as conveniently may be after they shall have set ouc the several Allotments to be ma le to the said Proprietors respectively in the said Moors, Commons, and W*(tc Grounds, in the said Township of AJbby, pursuant to this Act, to specify, ascertain, and distinguish what Parts of the said Lands and Grounds are, in their Opinion, capable of receiving Improvemem, by flooding and overflowing the fame say the Water of the River Trent, and to give Notice thereof in the same Manner as other Notices are directed to be given by this Act, and in and by the said Award, or by any Writing under their Hands, in the mean Time to set forth the fame, and to make an i eft.iblish such Orders, Rules, and Regulations for conducting aftd cxecu ing such Flooding and Warping, and for authorizing the said Proprietors respectively to make use of the said Sluices, Cloughs, and Drains, in Inch Order, Course, and Manner, as shall be expedient, and to execute and complete any other Drains or Works necessary for those Purposes, as they the said Commissioners shall think just and equitable, and for the mutual Benefit of the Parties interested; and the said Commissioners shall and ’may, and they are hereby authorized to do all such other Acts, Matter1, and Things, as they shall think necessary or expedient to be made, executed, and performed, for effectually draining, warping, and improving the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Township of Act-by aforesaid.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

XXIV. Provided always, That none of such Proprietors shall overflow his, her, or their Lands or Grounds, with Water, in Manner aforesaid, or make use of any of the Sluices, Cloughs, or Drains, for that Purpose, until he, she, or they shall have made efficient interior Banks Sluices, Tunnels, or other Works, according ro the Rules and Directions to be prescribed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, for preventing a iy other Lands or Grounds from receiving Damage thereby; and if any Damage shall arise therefrom, the Person or Persons occasioning the fame by such Flooding and Warping, shall be liable to make Satisfaction by Damages to be recovered against him, her, or them, in an Action or Actions at Law, or otherwise, at the Suit of the Party or Parties injured or aggrieved.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in, upon, and through the Lands and Grounds directed by this Act to be inclosed, as soon as conveniently may be after their Firstor Second Meeting, and before they proceed to set out the Allotments herein-after mentioned, appoint and (lake out all such publick Carriage Roads as they shall think proper, none of which publick Carriage Roads shall be lets than Forty Feet broad from the Fences or Ditches bounding the fame; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person to erect any Gate across any of the faief Roads, or to plant any Trees in the Hedges on the Sides of the said Roads, at a lets Distance from each other than Fifty Yards; and after the said Roads shall have been so set out as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint some proper Person to be Surveyor of the said Roads, and such Surveyor (h.dl cause the same to be formed and put into good and sufficient Repair, and shall be allowed such Salary or Reward for his Trouble therein, as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, direct and appoint, and which Salary or Reward, and also the Expence (over and above the Statute Duty) of forming the said Roads, and putting the fame in good and sufficient Re-

fair, shall be borne and paid by the several Owners and Proprietors of the ands and Grounds hereby intended to be inclosed, and shall be raised by a Rate to be laid on such Owners and Proprietors (other than and except the said John Fardell, as Impropriator, his Heirs or Assigns, and the said Edward Jorden, and his Successors, for the Time being, (for all or %any of the Allotments made to them or any of them by virtue of this Act, and the said John Julius Angerjlein, with respect only to the original making of such Roads) according, to their respective Rights arid Intcrells in the said Lands and Grounds, the respective Proportions whereof to be ascertained by the said Commissioners in and by their said Award, such Rate to be laid and assessed by the said Commissioners, or by any Justice of the Peace for the said Parts of Lindsey, upon Application to be made for that Purpose by the said Surveyor, and to be collected and received by such Person as the said Comnissioners or Justices, by whom such Rate shall be laid and assessed, shall by Writing appoint; and in case any Person shall neglect or refuse to pay his or her Share of the said Rate, within Twenty-one Days next after Demand made thereof, the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals or Hand and Seal of the Commissioners, or any Justice of the

Peace

1339

ReKrictiona.

Roads.

1340 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

Peace for the Parts of Undfey, which Warrant the said Commissionert, or such Justice are or is hereby empoweied or required to grant, upon Proof on Oath of such Neglect or Refusal of such Demand; (and any One of the said Commissioners, or such Justice, are and is hereby also empowered to administer such Oath), returning such Overplus (if any) to such Owner of the Goods and Chattels, deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and that no other Person or Persons, (other than the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds intended by this Act to be inclosed), shall be charged or chargeable (over and above the Statute Duty) cowards the forming or repairing of the said Roads, until the same shall be fit for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, and shall have been certified so to be by the said Surveyor, by Writing under his Hand, to be delivered to the Justices at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Parts of Lindsey aforesaid, and such Certificate shall have been allowed and confirmed by them; which said Certificate shall be delivered to the said Justices at their Quarter Sessions to be holden next after the said Roads shall be formed and put into good and sufficient Repair as aforesaid, and within the Space of Two Years next after the Execution of the said Award or Instrument, unless sufficient Reason be given, to the Satisfaction of the said Justices, that a further Time is necessary for that Purpose, in which Cafe the said Justices may, and they are hereby empowered to allow such further Time for delivering in the said Certificate as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Year; and in case such Certificate shall be delivered to the said Justices at their Quarter Sessions to be holden as aforesaid, at any Time before or after the Execution of the said Award or Instrument, the said Justices shall and they are hereby directed to allow and confirm the fame; and if it shall happen that the said Surveyor shall neglect or refuse to deliver in such Certificate within the Time before limited, such Surveyor shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, to be recovered in like Manner as the Rate herein before authorized to be made is to be recovered, and the same shall be applied In Aid of the ford Rate so to be laid as aforesaid; and after such Certificate shall have been delivered to the said Justices by the said Surveyor, and shall have been by them allowed and confirmed, the said Roads shall from Time to Time be supported and kept in Repair, in the same Manner as the other publick Roads within the said Township of sljhby are by Law to be amended and kept in Repair; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby also empowered and required to set out and appoint, and cause to be made, erected, and completed, such publick Bridle Roads and Footways, and private Roads and Ways, and also such publick and private Banks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Bridges, Stiles, and other Conveniences, in, over, and upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as they the said Commissioners shall think requisite, making such Satisfaction for the same as may by them be deemed reasonable and proper for the Damage which may happen to be sustained by arty Person or Persons thereby; and the fame Roads and Footways, and private Roads and Ways, and also all such Banks, Ditches, Drains, Water-courses. Bridges, Stiles, and other Conveniencies, shall be made, cut, and erected, and at all Times thereafter repaired, cleansed, maintained, and kept in Repair, by such Persons and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint; and that after the several publick and

private

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74. 1341

private Roads and Ways shall have been set out and made as herein-before mentioned, it shall not be lawful for any P.rl'on to u(e any other Roadi or Ways, either publick or private, over or upon the lard Linds or Grounds; and that all former Roads and Ways which shall not be set out and appointed as the Roads and Ways through or over (he said Lands and Groumis, shall be deemed Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby inrended to be divided and inclosed.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That as soon Notice to be as conveniently may be after the said Commissiners shall hive set out £2!i"

anil appointed such publick Carriage Roads as a'orefjid, they shall cause Notice thereof to be givtn by A ivertif.ment in some Neafp per ufua'.ly circulated in the County of Lincoln; and that it shall be lawful for any Prr on or Prrlons whomsoever, who shall think himself, hciself, or themselves aggrieved by the Setting out, Appointment, or Disposition of any of luth publick Carriage Roads as aforesaid, (on giving Notice in Wr ting to any One of the said Commissioners of his, her, or their Intention, within One Calendar Month after the Publication of such Advertisement, and within Twenty-one Days after such Notice entering into a Recogni* sarce before f>me Jtilfice of the Peace for the said Parts of Lindsey, with Two sufficient Sureties, in any Suni not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor lefk than Taeniy Pounds, as such Justice (hill think propir, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of and to pay such Cods as shall be award*.; by the Justices at the Quarter Sessions hereirwitter mention* ed), to appeal against all or any of such publick Carriage Roads to some General Quarter Settlors of the Peace to be held in and for the said Parts of Lindsey, within Four C.dend ir Months next after the Setting our. Appointment, or Disposition of tnc said Roads, and N >tice thereof given as aforesaid, and he, she, or they shall be heard by himself, herself, Or themselves, or by his, h r, or their Counfrl, Agents, Aitormes, and Witnesses; and that ihe fair: Commissioners, or One of them, or their Sur* sreyor or Clerk, shall attend at such Sessionsj and the Justices before whom such Appeal shall be made, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall, on nearing the Evidence and inspecting the Map, fi ally determine whether the said Roads so appealed against shall be ma !e, or whether any other publick Carriage Roads shall be set out, and shall make and give such Orders and Directions, touching the Matters before them, and award such Costs as to them shall seem nmttary and expedient in that Behalf ( and such Determination of the Lid Justices shall be final and condulive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's <9

Courts of Record at Westminster or elfawhere , but in case no such Notice shall be given to One of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or such Appeal shall not be proceeded in as aforesaid, then such Setting out. Appointment, and Disposition of the said publick Carriage Roads by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive to all and every Person and Pcitbns whomsoever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That f upon setting out the T>rflopping Roads and Footways as before mentioned it shall appear to the said Com-

(Ler. & Per.] 15 Q missionera

1342 41° GEORGII III. . Cap. 74.

missionera that any ancient Footway t>r Path in, through, or over any of the ancient inclosed Ground? in the said Township of AJbby, shall be unnecessary or inconvenient, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner*, and they are hereby authorized and required to flop up or turn such ancient Footway or Path; and if it shall appear to the said Commissionera that any Compensation ought to be made by the Owner of such ancient inclosed Lands, for whole Accommodation any Footway or Path may be stopped up or turned as aforesaid, or who shall be benefited thereby, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to order and direct the Consideration Monty to be paid to such Person or Persons as in their Judgement shall or may be injured by the flopping up or turning of the said Footway or Path, or if no such Injury shall have been Curtained, then the said Commissioners shall receive the same and apply it towards the General Purposes and Expences of this Act; and the said Commissioners are hereby dirtfted to set forth in their Award or Instrumenc herein-after mentioned, a D fiription of such Footway or Path so stopped up or turned, and that after the Execution of the said Award or Instrument, or at such earlier Time as the said Commissioners shall direct, such Foot, way or Path shall be and is hereby declared to be discontinued, and from thenceforth it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to make use of the fame of any Part thereof.

xxviii. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said otKoads' Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, before any other Allotment is made in pursuance of this Act, to set out and appoint Two or moie Pieces or Parcels of Land (not exceeding Four Acres in the Whole) from and out of the Lands hereby directed to be inclosed, in such convenient Places as they shall think proper, for getting Stone, S.md, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the Roads and Way* within the same Township, and such Parcels of Land shall be verted in the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the said Township of Ashby for the Time being, upon Trust and for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, and for no other Purposes whatsoever.

Difrnfin^ot

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That after setting out the said Roads of oadsfand and Ways, and making such Allotments of Land for the Repairs thereof Allotments as aforesaid, all the Grass and Herbage growing, arising, and renewing, jui thereof. on the R-°acts and Ways within the same Township, as also upon the said Pieces or Parcels of Land so to be set out and appointed for getting Stone, Sand, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the fame, shall belong to and be the Property of such Person or Persons to whom the said Commissioners shall allot the said Grass and Herbage; exclusive of all other Persons whomsoever, or shall otherwise be applied to and for

foDie general, parochial, or other Use or Purpose, and shall be occupied

and en|oyed, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award cider, d.ireft, or appoint.

b,°fto*ked for

XXX. Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Seven Year;/. Persons to graze or keep any Sort of Cattle whatsoever in or upon any of the Roadsor Ways’: herein-before directed to be let out by virtue of this Act, which shall be made into Roads or Lanes, or fenced on both 5 3^s,

1343

41° <*, GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

Sides, for tfce Space of Seven Years next after the making and executing of the faij. Award ..or Instrument, under a Penalty not exceeding Ten Shillings not lets than Five Shillings for every Bcaft, Horse, Sheep, or Lamb, to be paid to the Potion ,or Persons injured thereby; which said Penalty shall be tecovered by Application to a Justice of the Peace in a summary Way, or to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the Parts of LwJ/(y atoiesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any of the Owneriof Lands and Grounds by this Act intended to be divided and indofed, shall aejoin on any Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land left on the Outside Allotment in of the Fences of any adjoining Patish, Township, Hamlet, or Place, 1,eu thew<:-which shall run into any of the Lands intended to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to set out and allot unto the Owner or Owners of such Freeboard, Screed, or Parcelof Land, such Piece or Parcel of Land as shall be equal in Value (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) to such Freeboard, Scterd, or Parcel of Land as aforesaid; and the Fence or Fences adjoining on such Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land, and now belonging to any adjoining Parish, Township, Hamlet, or Place, shall forever thereafter be maintained and supportrd by and at the Expence of the Owner or Owners of such Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land respectively; and that the Allotment or Allotments so to be let out and allotted as afore-£jid, in lieu of such Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land, shall be deemed and taken to be as Part and Parcel of the Parish, Township,

Hamlet, or Place, to which the said Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land, which it shall be so allotted in lieu of as aforesaid, now belongs.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotments In have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required, in the lieuofGlebe-nexc Place, to let our, allot, and appoint unto the said John Far dell, as impropriator as aforesaid, in such Parts of the said Helds, Lands, and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, wherein the Allotments in lieu of Tythes are herein-jfter directed to be set out, such several and respective Parts and Proportions of the lame Fields, Lands, and Grounds, as (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) shall, in the Judgement of the, laid Commissioners be equal in Value to a full Compensation for the present uninclosed Glebe Lands belonging to the said 7obn Fardell, within the said Open Fields and Meadows, and for his Rights of Common in the said Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided and inclosed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall. Allotments and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, (over, s^jj'x'the? above, and exclusive of the above-mentioned Allotments in lieu of Glebe 1 and Rights of Common) to fee out, allot, and aw^rd, unto and for the said John Fardell, his Heirs and Assigns, and to and for the said Edward Jcrdtn as Vicar, and his Successors respectively, as a joint Allotment to be divided as herein-afttr is directed (after deducting only the Lands or Grounds set out for Roads and Ways and Drains, and for getting Materials for the making, forming, and repairing such Roads and Ways) such Pieces or Parcels of the said Open Arable Fields as shall (Quantity, Qua-

*34+

+iB GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

lity, and Situation considered) in the Judgement of the said Commilfior* ers be equal in Value to One Fifth Part of all the Land within the Ring of the said Open Arable Fields, whether the fame Fields shall happen to be in Plough, Tillage, Seeds, Pasture, or otherwise; and also such Pieces or Parcels of Land, Part of the East Commons, as shall Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) in the Judgment aforesaid, be equal in Value to One Eighth Part of such East Commons; and also such Pieces or Parcels of Land, Part of the West Commons and Moots, as shall (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) in the Judgement aforesaid, be equal to One Eighth Part of the said West Commons and Moors; and also such Pieces or Parcels of Land to be allotted in the said Open Fields and in the said East and West Commons, proportionably to the Amount of the Value of such Open Fields and East and West Commons, and each of than respectively, as shall (Quantity, Quality, and Siiuation eonfider. ed) in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to One Seventh Part of all the Tytheable indoled Lands, Homelfeads, and Mta-dows, and of a certain Stinted Pasture called Cotlum Pasture, and other the Lands and Grounds (not before mentioned) in the Township cf Jjhby aforesaid, which laid several Proportions {Hall be I’o set out and allotted by the said Commissioners, upon the lame proportionate Value as the Allot* ments of the other Pr< prietors, and without any Addition of Value or D.-dudion of Quantity for or in Refprd of any Expences to be borne by the Proprietors, of making, executing, and completing the Works of Drainage, or any Prospedb of Improvement by warping, and shall be in lieu of and as a full Compensation and Satisfaction for all the Impropriate and Vicarial or other Tythes, Ecclesiastical Dues, Duties, and Payments whatsoever belonging to the said Impropriator and Vicar respectively, ari-sing, renewing, increasing, or happening within, out of, or from any of the Lands or Gounds within the said Township of JJhby (save and ex* cepr the usual and accustomed Surplice Fees, Easter Offerings, and Mortuaries, which {Hal! continue to be due, paid, and payable as heretofore) bur all such Great and Small Tythes shall continue payable to the said Impropriator and Vicar rel'pedlively, until the several Allotments so to be fnade to them shall be set out and inclosed, and Notice given to them to enter thereon respectively.

Commissioners to divide AH* tin nts between the Impropriator and Vicar.

Jl

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, divide, and apportion the said several Allotments so directed to be made for or in lieu of the Great and Small Tythes arising wirhin the said Township of djbby to and between the said John Fardell, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Edward Jarden and his Successors respectively, in the following Shares and Proportions; (that is to say) Five Sixth Parts thereof (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) unto the said John Fardell, his Heirs and Assigns, and the remaining Sixth Part thereof unto the said Edward Jor-den and his Successors, Vicars as aforesaid, in lieu of and in Satisfaction for their respective Rights and Interests in the said Tythes.

Coryenfitkm

XXXV. And whereas it may happen that the Proprietors of some of ow incioture the ancient inclosed Lands, Grounds, and Homesteads in the Township ha»r°nooh° aforesaid, subject to the Payment of Tythes in Kind, may not

FieWUnl'" have Lands or Property suffickrnt in or upon the Lands or Grounds here-

by

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7+ J345

by intended to be inclosed as aforesaid, to contribute their due Proportion to the Allotment to be made to the said John Fardell, his Heirs and Act signs, and the said Edward Jorden and his Successors, for their respective Tythes of such old inclosed Lands, Grounds, and Homesteads as afore-faiil, and as the said Tytlie Owners.respectively will, by virtue of the Di-regions herein-before contained receive a full Compensation in Land from the Property of the other Owners in the said Fields, and East and West Commons, for the Tythes of all the ancient inclosed. Lands, Grounds, and Homesteads within the said Township of Ashby, which are subject to the Payment of Tythes in Kind-, be it therefore enatted, That the Person or Persons who shall be circumftnnced as last-mentioned, and whose ancient inclosed Lands, Grounds, and Homesteads shall be exonerated or discharged from Tythes by such Compensation as aforesaid, shall pay or cause to be paid unto such Person or persons, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint, such Gross Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall deem and adjudge to be a full Recompence and Satisfaction for the absolute Purchase of the Inheritance of the said Tythes of the said ancient inclosed Lands, Grounds, and Homesteads respectively last-mentioned, or of so much thereof as any Proprietor shall be deficient in Open Land -, which Sum or Sums of Money Hull be applied for and towards Payment of the Charges and Expences of passing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, and shall be recovered in the same Manner as the Expences of pacing and executing this Act are directed to be recovered.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, Thar the said Commissioners shall Allotment to set out, allot, and award, unto and for the said John Julius dvger/lein, his

Heirs and Assigns, as Lord of the Manor and Soke of Kirton aforesaid, quire, as Lord such Piece or parcel of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and other of lhe Manor. Laud hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, which are not the fepa-rare Property, of any Person or Persons in particular, as shall (Quantity,

Quality, and Situation considered) in their judgement be equal in Value to One Twentieth Parc of the Residue of all such Commons or Waste Grounds.and other Lands (after tl\e Land set out for Roads and Drains,

Allotments for Materials for the Repairs of the Roads, and for the Tythes of such Commons and Waste Lands, shall be deducted) in lieu of and in full Compensation and Satisfaction for-all his Rights and Interests in or to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed.

Wlfcadtoihtf ..'idiu-i - I:

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That immediately, after the said General Al-CommUhooers shall haye deducted Lands far. the Roads and.Drains, and ihWieW*of made the several Allotments before mentioned, they shall in the next Meadowi,* Place let out and aliot all the Residue and Remainder of the said Open momC°bdn Fields, Meadows, Failures, Moors, and other Lands and Grounds, with- known Praf in the said Township ot Ajbby, being separate or known Property, unto P*rty-

and amongst the several Persons, hpidiej Politick or Corporate, who at the Time of making such Allotments shall be entitled to any Estate, Property, Right, or Interest, in or upon the fame Lands and Grounds (except jtbe said John Farddlj his Heirs, and Assigns, and the said Edward Jorden and hj> Successors) according to their respective Shares and Interests therein, in such Quantises, Share#., and Proportions, and in such Parts and Places, as by the said Commissioners shall be adjudged and determined to [Lot. 6? Per.J i$ P be

1346

Lanas.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

be a fair and jolt Compensation and Satisfaction for the several and respective Lands and Grounds, Kights of Common, and other Interests, of each of the said Proprietors therein, and shall allot the Share or Shires of each Party as near to the Homesteads, or some other of the prelenc inclosed Lands or Tenements belonging to such Party respectively, as conveniently may be.

Bi»i (ion of the

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall,

mons^nd and they are hereby authorized and required (after making the Allo tments Waiter, not before mentioned) to divide, let our, and allot all and every the said Com-ProSe^pibe- morls and Wzftc Grounds wichirr the said Township of Ashby, which ire tween the not the fcpar.ite or known Property of any Person or Persons in particular

Houses and in M.,nner following; (that is to say) One Moiety or Half Part thereof

(Quantity, Quality, and Situation, anti the Improvements to be made by draining and warping, considered) to and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors of ancient Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, or Toftsteads within the said Township of /l/bby, having Right of Common on the said Commons and Waste Grounds (except the said John ‘Fardtlli, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Edward Jerden and his Successors) in Shares of equal Value-, (that is to say) One Share to each Messuage, Cottage, Toft, or Toitstead, and in making which Allotments no Regard shall be had to, nor. arty Dilbn&itm made on Account of the Magnitude or Value of the said Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, or Toftsteads, or any of them; and the other Moiety or Half Part thereof (Quantity, Quality, and Situation, and the Improvements aforesaid considered) shall be set out and allotted to "and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said Township of /Ifljby. who are also Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, or Toftsteads within the said Township, having Right of Common ron the said Commons and Waste Grounds -(except as aforesaid) in Proportion and according to the Value of their several Estates and Interests in and upon the several dther Lands and Grounds in the Township of djhby aforesaid.

Not to give any undue Preference.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conftrocd to extend, to empower the said Commissioners to give any undue Preference to the Parties interested in the said intended Division^nd Inclosure, or arty of them; but that the said Commissioners, in making such Allotments as aforesaid, shall have due Regard to the Quality, as well as Quantity and Situation, of the Lands belonging to each Proprietor, and the Tyches payable for the fame, and also the Right '1 !..i of Common and other Property belonging to each Person interested, and the Quality, Quantity, and Situation of the Lands and Grounds in lieu thereof.: >'> "

Tondeiermin-

XL. And bt ir further enacted, That when and so soon as the said toA^otmeruT Commissioners shall have ascertained the respective Shires, Rights, and Interests of the said Proprietors', in the Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclosed by virtue of thiiAft, and also the respective Shares aiiid Proportions by them proposed to be allotted to such Proprietors respectively m lieu thereof, they the said Commissioners shall give Notice id the same Manner as Notkei of Meetings are herein-before dirrfted to be given, of some convenient Time and Place when and where all Proprietors and Perfofls interested may perufc a Schedule of such intended c* Ir I "ft AMotlents,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74. 1347

Allotments, and a Map or Plan whereon the same shall be set out and delineated, and may if they please have and receive a Copy of such Schedule, so far as the fame relates to such Proprietors respectively; and in regard that some Persons may upon Perusal of the said Schedule, and Inflection of such Map or Plan, be dissatisfied with their intended Allotments, the said Commissioners shall give Notice of One Meeting at the least to be held by them for receiving Complaints and Objections against such intended Allotments, and for hearing and determining all such Complaints and Objection?, and their Determination in the Premises being reduced into Writing and signed by them, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties, until the Execution of the Award herein-after mentioned.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, when For accepting and so soon as they shall finally determine concerning the said Allotments, Allotments or shall cause the same to be flaked out, and forthwith give such Notice as Notice' aforesaid of their having completed all the said Allotments, and appoint some convenient Time and Place when and where every Proprietor may receive a Schedule of his or her Allotments respe&ivdy, and shall by some Writing under their Hands, and published along with such Notice, order and appoint at what Time or Times the said Proprietors may and are required to enter upon their respective Allotments, and from what Time or Times the Rights of Common or Pallurage thereon shall respectively CM'fe and be extinguished, and in every such Schedule shall be expressed how and when, and by whom such Allotments are to be fenced; all which Orders and Directions shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties interested; and every Person entitled to any such Allotment or Allotments, shall ^nd is hereby required to accept such Allotment or Allotments within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Publication of such Notice as aforesaid; and if any Person shall refuse to accept his or her Share or Allotment within the Time before mentioned, or shall molest or disturb the Possession of any other Proprietor who shall have accepted of and entered upon his or her Allotment, every such Per-so'n shall be liable to pay such Damage, Colts, and Expences to the Party injured, to be determined, afTclfed, and recovered, by and before any Onejustice of the Peace for the Parcs of Lindsey aforesaid, not interfiled in the Matter in Question, in such Manner as herein-after is provided and directed with respect to Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by virtue of tins Act., j

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Allotments to be made to For fencing the Fardell, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Edward Jorden ^the Aii-V

as Vicar as aforesaid, and his Successors, in lieu of Glebe Lands, Rights m^nt7. ‘ of Common and Tythes, shall be ring-fenced on all such Parts and Sides thereof respectively as shall not be ordered by the said Commissioners to be made by any other Proprietor or Proprietors, and against all publick Roads, and the Allotments to the said Edward J or den separated from those made to the said John Fardell, with good and substantial fences and Ditches in the Manner following; (that is to say) to be planted with good thriving Quicksets of White Thorn, guarded on both Sides with good Polls, and Three Rails high, the Polls to be of Oak, and the Rails of Oak or Alb, and sufficicnc Ditches; and the Fences of such of the said Allotments as the said Commissioners shall, from the'low and ‘

wet

1348 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

wet Situation thereof, determine to be moil properly fenced by Ditches only, llull (if the said John Fardell and the {(aid Edward Jorden, by Writing under their Hands, consent thereto) be made by such good and sufficient Ditches and of such Dimensions as the said Commissioners shall direct, and with good and substantial Carriage Gates made and hung to each Allotment, at the Expence of the Rest of the Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds to be allotted by virtue of this Act slave and except the said John Julius Angerjlein) and that all such Fences and Gates of the said several Allotments to be made to the said Tythe Owners, and not ordered by the said Commissioners to be repaired by any other Proprietor, shall from thenceforth for ever afterwards be supported, maintained, and kept in Repair by the said John Fardell, his Heirs or A (Tig ns, and the said Edward Jorden and his Successors respectively.

For mdofinr

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Parcels of Land p'ropnetors ' and Allotments which shall be set out and allotted by virtue of this Act Allotments, (except such Allotments as shall be made to the said John Fardell and Edward Jorden, in lieu of Glebe, Common Rights, and Tythes as aforesaid) shall be inclosed and fenced on all such Parts or Sides thereof, and within such Time and in such Manner as the said Commissioner.v by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, or by their laid Award or Instru-Punishment of ment, shall order, direct, and appoint; and such Fences shall be made, reVair?nhinr and ®t all Times for ever after the making thereof, be supported, main-Fenc«"8or tained, and kept in Repair by such Person and Persons as the said Com-g-ffglhdr missioners shall direct or appoint by any such Writing, or by their laid ltc es' Award; and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to make such Fences and Ditches, or to support and keep the fame in good and sufficient Repair and Condition as aforesaid, or to make, or at any Time afterwards to repair, amend, support, cleanse, and scour any private Roads, Ways, Ditches, Banks, Rivulets, Drains, Bridges, Gates, Stiles, Common Stwers, Watercourses, or other Requisites, according to the Orders and Directions of the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case k shall be lawful for the Owner or Occupier of any Lands or Grounds for the Time being, who shall be in anywjfe damaged or aggrieved by any such Neglect or Default, to exhibit a Complaint upon Oath, touching the fame, against such Person or Persons, and before any Justice of the Peace for the County of Lincoln, not being interested in the Premises, and such Justice is hereby empowered and required to summon the Parties concerned, and to examine any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, as to the Grounds of such Complaint, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) and in case such Complaint shall appear to such Justice to be well founded, he shall and may order and direct the Person or Persons exhibiting such Complaint to cause the Works in relped whereof such Complaint shall be made to be forthwith made and done according to the Directions of the said Commissioners, and also shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to the Person or Persons exhibiting such Complaint as aforesaid, cause the Charges and Expences of completing such Works to be levied by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so negledine, refusing, or making Default, rendering the Overplus (if any) after the Payment of such Costs and Charges, and of the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, or otherwise occasioned by such Neglect, Refusal, or Default, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels j 5 j. J

1349

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

or otherwise the said Justice shall and may, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, authorize and empower the Person or Persons exhibiting such Complaint, to enter into and upon any Lands or Grounds which may be allotted by virtue of this Act, to such Person or Persons negtefting or refusing to pay upon Demand such Charges and Expences pursuant to the Order of such Justice, and to receive the Rents and Profits of the said Ptemiles respectively, until thereby or therewith the said Charges and Expences, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by or attending such Entry and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the fame Premises respectively be fully paid and satisfied: Provided nevertheless. That All°"j"‘'tcot0 in case through the Necessity of Situation or other unavoidable Circum- p»r"ons hjv. fiance, it should happen that forne of the said Proprietors shall have more ">8 than an equal or proportional Share of Boundary Fences allotted to them Fencing.011 ° on the said intended Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, where they shall judge it proper, to ascertain and appoint such Sum of Money to be paid to every such Proprietor towards making such Fences, by such other of the said Proprietors who may hare a less Proportion of Fencing, according to the Value and Quantity of Land to be assorted to them, or otherwise to make such Allowance on Account of such Inequality to the Proprietors entitled thereto, out of the publick or general Expences to be raised by virtue of this Act, as they shall think reasonable, in order that the said Boundary Fences may be brought as near as may be to a just and equal Proportion.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Proprietors, Ralls to be set the Fence or Ditch, or Fences or Ditches, of whole Allotment or Allotments shall abut against the Side of the Ditch or Ditches of any other Ditches. Allotment or Allotments, or of any Lands already inclosed, shall be at Liberty and are hertby empowered, from the Time of flaking out the several Allotments hereby dirtfted to be made, to set up and place, and from Time to Time maintain, and at all Times thereafter continue Rails across the Ditch or Ditches of such other Allotment or Allotments, or of furh Lands already inclosed, and Polls upon the Bank or Banks of such other Allotment or Allotments, or of such Lands already inclosed adjoining or contiguous thereto.

XLV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That convenient Openings to Openings shall be left in the said Fences and inclosures as the said Com- k=lcft-missioners shall direct, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, for the PafLge of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages through the fame, unless the Proprietors interested therein, or the Commissioners, shall, by Writing under their Hands, agree and order that the same shall be sooner made up.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Vicar to lsife. Edward J or den and his Successors, Vicars of the said Vicarage of Mejfrng. ham. with Bottujord (by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Bishop of Lincoln, and of live Patrons of the said Vicarage for the Time being respectively, testified by Writing under their Hands and Seals) to lease or demise all or any Part or Parts of the Allotment or Allotments to be set out and allotted unto and for the said Vicar by virtue of this Act, to any Person or Persons, for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding Twenty-cne Years, without taking any Fine or [Lot. Per.] 15 fines

*3ic

For empower ing Guardian* to accept.

Non-accept-ane= of Guardians. &c. not to prejudice.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

Fines for any such Lease, such Term of Twenty-one Year? to be computed from the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners hereinafter directed to be made; so that no such Lease be made without Impeachment of Waite; and so that the Lessee or Lessees to whom every such Lease shall be made, be yearly obliged to Tpend, spread, and con-fume, in an husbandmanlike Manner, in and upon the Premises lo to be demised, all the Manure to arise from the Produce thereof, and be subject to such other Covenants and Rules of good Husbandry as are proper and usual in like Cases; and lb that the Rent or Rents thereby to be reserved, be made payable quarterly, and that there be contained in every such Leate a Clause for Re-entry on Non-payment of the Rent to be (hereby reserved; and so that the Lessee or Lessees to whom tvery such Lease shall be made, do seal, execute, and deliver a Counterpart of every such Lease; and every such Lease so to be made, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall bind every succeeding Vicar of MJfmgbam with Bottcsford aforesaid, until the Expiration or other sooner Determination thereof; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, That in every such Lease as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Vicar and his Successors to make such Abatement in the Rent thereby reserved, from the Quality Price affixed by the said Commissioners of the Allotment or Allotments therein comprized, as shall be reasonable, on Account of the Expences to be incurred by the Lessee or Lessees in subdividing the fame, or in erccting new Buildings thereupon.'

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Guardians, Husbands, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, or Persons acting as Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies for any Person or Persons being a Minor or Minors, Lunaticks, under Coverture, or beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable by Law to accept any such Shares or Allotments as shall be made by virtue of this Act, and all other Trustees whatsoever, shall be and they are hereby enabled and required to accept thereof for and to the Use of such Person or Persons so incapacitated as aforesaid j and also that any Person or Persons entitled to any Allotment or Allotments as Tenant or Tenants for Life or Lives, shall be and are hereby respectively enabled to accept of and take such Allotment or Allotments respectively; and every such Acceptance shall be and is hereby declared to be valid and effectual; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. Provided nevertheless, That the Non-claim or Non-acceptance of any Guardian, Husband, Trustee, Committee, or Attorney, shall not exclude or prejudice the Claim or Acceptance of any Infant, Lunatick, Feme Covert, or other Person under such Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, who shall claim or accept his, her, or their Share or Allotment within Twelve Calendar Months next after such Disability or Incapacity shall be removed, or of any other Person entitled as Eleir or in Remainder after the Death of any Person dying under such Disability or Incapacity, who shall claim or accept within Twelve Calendar Months next after his, her, or their Right, Title, or Interest shall have defeended, vested, or accrued, and be known so to be.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That for the greater Conveniency of the several Owners and Proprietors aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for all or any such Owners or Proprietors of any Messuages, Gardens, Cottages, Scites of Messuages and Cottages, Homesteads, Garths, Orchards, Old Inclosures, Lands, Tenements, new Allotments, or Hereditaments within the said Township, or within any Parish, Township, Place, or Liberty thereto adjoining, (whether Bodies Politick, Corporate, or otherwise), to exchange all or any of the fame Premises for any other Messuages, Cottage', Scites of Messuages and Cottages, Homesteads, Garths, Gardens, Orchards, old Inclosures, Lands, Tenements, new Allotments, or other Hereditaments within the said Township ot djhby, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, Place, or Liberty as aforesaid; so that all and every such Exchange and Exchanges be made by and with the Content of the said Commissioners, and that the Parties exchanging do consent thereto by some Writing signed by them, and that such Exchange and the Consent of the said Commissioners thereto be specified and declared in the said Award; and every such Exchange made in Manner aforesaid shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any Defect of Title in the exchanging Parties or any of them: Provided always, That no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church or Chapel, without the Consent in Writing of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese and the Patron of such Church or Chapel for the Time being respectively.

L. And whereas some of the Lands and Grounds and other Property within the said Township of Ashby may be held by Proprietors as Tenants in common, or in joint Tenancy, and it may be advantageous to such Proprietors to have Partition made of such Lands and Grounds and other Property, and to have the fame allotted in Severalty in proportion to their respective fcftates, Rights, and Interests therein; be it therefore enacted, That in case the several Proprietors of any such Lands, Grounds, or other Property within the said Township of /tjhly, so held in joint Tenancy or in Common as aforesaid, shall make a Requrst in Writing under their Hands to the said Commissioners to divide and make Partition of such Lands, Grounds, and other Property, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to divide and make Partition of such Lands, Grounds, and < ther Property, and in and by their said Award to set out, assign, and allot specifick Shares thereof to and amongst the said Proprietors in Severalty, in proportion to their respective undivided Estates, Rights, and Interests therein; and such Partition and Division being set forth in the said Award, shall be binding and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Feme Covert, Infant, or other Person under any D fabihty or Incapacity, shall be Owner or Owners, Propriety or Proprietors, or be joint Tenants, or Tenants in Common, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be exchanged or partitioned by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, or Persons acting as Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies respectively, of such Feme Covert, Infant, or other Person under such Difbilhy or Incapacity, to make such Exchange or Partition on Behalf of luen

Feme

1351

Power to exchange.

For making Partitions.

Guardians may exchange or divide Houses or Land for Infants, or oilier Person.- under Ddabiiity.

t35* 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

Feme Covert, Infant, or other incapacitated Person, such Exchange and Partition being ascertained, specified, and declared as above-mentioned.

LII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Cods, Charges, and Expences attending the making of any such Exchanges or Partitions as aforesaid, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making the same, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct

LIII. And be it further enacted, That within the Space of Twelve Ca-

n»<Je. lendar Months next after the Division, Allotments, and draining of the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, shall be made and completed, or as loon after as conveniently may be, the Paid Commissioners shall form and draw up, or cause to be formed or drawn up, an Award or Instrument in Writing, which shall express the Quantity in Statute Mtafure of the Acres, Roods, and Perches contained in the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds so intended to be inclosed as aforesaid; and the Quantity and Contents of each and every Parcel thereof assigned or allotted to the several Parties entitled to any Lands, Tythes, Common Rights, or other Property within the same, and also a Description of the Situation, Buttals, and Boundaries of Inch Parcels and Allotments respectively, and shall contain proper Orders and Directions for and concerning the laying out, making, maintaining, cleansing, and keeping in Repair the several publick and private Roads and Ways, Fences, Ditches, Banks, Drains, Sluices, Bridges, Aqueducts, Tunnels, Gates, and Stiles hereby directed or authorized to be made, and also all such Orders, Regulations, and Determinations, as are in and by this Act mentioned, directed, required, or authorized to be made or established, and such other Orders, Regulations, Matters, and Things, as shall be necessary or proper, conformably to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Act, for the more easy, convenient, and effectual Execution thereof, and for the preventing all Difficulties and Disputes in relation to the Matters herein contained, pursuant to the several Powers hereby given and vested in the said Commissioners; which said Award or Instrument shall be fairly ingrossed upon Parchment, and read over in the Presence of the Proprietors who may attend at a Special General Meeting to be called for that Purpose, of which Ten Days Notice at lead shall be given in the Livtoln, Rutland, and Stamford Mercury, and shall be executed by the said Commissioners at such Meeting; which Execution shall be proclaimed the next Sunday in the Parish Church of Bcltesford aforesaid, by the officiating Minister thereof, or the Parish Clerk, from which Time only the said Award or Instrument shall be considered as complete; and the said Award or Instrument shall, within the Space of Six Calendar Months after such Execution, or as soon after as conveniently may be, be inrolled with the Steward of the Courts of the Manor and Soke of Kirton in Lindsey aforesaid, and the Inrolment thereof kept among:' the Records of the said Manor and Soke; and a true Copy of the Plan of the said Township, drawn upon Vellum and signed by the said Commissioners, shall be kept or deposited with the said Inrolment, ard another Copy of such P/an shall be annexed to the said Award; and the said Award and Plan shall be put into and kept in a Box or Chclt to be placed and kept in the Parish Church of Botiesford aforesaid, or in such other Place

Exp«nctf« of Exchanges and F-irtitioni, )iow to be paid.

J3S3

4* GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

Place as the said Commissioners shall direct, to the End Recourse may be had to the fame by at>y Person o Ret (ons interested in the said Division and Incldfure; and the-(aid original Award, or a true Copy of the In-rohnent thereof. Or any Part thereof, certified by the Steward of the said Manor and Soke, or his Deputy, shall from Time to Time be admitted in all. Courts whatsoever as legal Evidence, and such Officer is hereby re quired to‘rnrol the famcf accordingly, and to rn»ke Copies there./f, or of any Part thereof, and-to Certify the fame from T me to Time when re* quired, within Fourteen Days after Ibch Copies shall be so required, being paid for such Inrolment after the Rate cf Eight-pence per Sheet, and for every such Copy and Certificate after the Rate of Two-pence per Sheet, ieckofling Seventy^wo-Words t-6 each Sheet-, and that the several Allotment! and Divisions, and all Orders and Directions, Regulations, and Determination*, To to be'made as aforesaid, in and by such Award or In* strument, shall be final, binding, and conclusive unto and upon all Paur* ties interested in the Did Division and Inclosure.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Lands and Grounds of*°

so to be Let out and allotted unto and for the several Persons who by vir- t'mer Pro-tueef this Act shall be entitled to the fame, shall be and are hereby vested i*rty. in them respectively in lieu of and in full Bar of and Satisfaction for the several Pieces or Parcels of Ground which they respectively held before the Commencement of this Act, or immediately before such Allotments were made, and which are now dispersed in the said Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be inclufed, and also in full Bar of and Satisfac. tkm for all Rights of Common and other Rights whatsoever, in, over, and upon the said Lands and Grounds; and that immediately after the making of the said Division and Allotment, or as soon after as the said Commissioners by such Writing as aforesaid, or in their said Award, shall appoint, all Right of Common in, over, and upon all the said L.andf and Grounds hereby intended to be indofed, and every Part thereof, and also all Tyfhes; both Great arid Small, and all Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments wfihrforver, arising and renewing out of and from all or any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments lying within the said Township of Afthbf, as well already indofed as to be inclosed by virtue of this Act (the several Allotments to the said Tythe Owners being fee out and indofed, and Notice given to them to enter thereon) shall cease, determine, and for ever be extingullhed (save and except the usual and accustomed Surplice Fees, Easter Offerings, and Mortuaries).

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and Powrrfor every Person and Persons interested in the said intended Inclosure (except rr?*!ile,!0"

1 . . - . _ x. ~r to fell their

the said Vicar and his Successors) at any Time before the Execution of common

the said Award, to sell and dispose of all such Estate, Right, Title, and Property‘which he,’(lie, or they shall have in, to, or upon the said their other Commons and Waste Ground*, or in or 10 any Allotment to be made in Property, respect of any Common Right thereon respectively by virtue of this Act, and ro convey the fame by Deed to the Purchaser separarc from the Messuages, Cottages, Toftsteads, Lands, or Grounds, or other EfLte or Interest, in Right-whereof he,-(he, or they is or are, or shall be so entitled, and also to grant, mortgage, fell, and convey all and every or any.

[Lee. Sa" Per.] 15 R of

*354

41° GEO. III. Caf. 74.

of the-Allotments which shall be set out and assigned to and for such PerlOn and fersons respectively by virtue of this Act, though the said Award Ibalt not then have been executed, subject nevertheless to all Setn tlements. Mortgages, Charges, and Incumbrances affecring the Messuages* Cottages, Toftllead', Lrnds, Grounds, E (fates, or Interests, in respect whereof such Rights shall arise, or such Settlements shall be made; and every such Sale or Mortgage, being specified and set forth in the said Award, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and s whatsoever, and the said Commissioners shall award such Allotments ,tq the Purchasers thereof respectively. t i,v^,

nii'tiM'and*'"

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall ordering Satis, and may, either by their Award, or by any other Writing or Writings fcttionforDa- under their Hands, to take Effect in the mean Time and until the said se’- Award shall be executed, order, direct, and appoint, when and to whole Use, and in what Proportion and Manner all or any of the Penalties or Forfeitures which may be incurred by any Person or Persons, not conforming to the Orders or Directions of the said Commissioners herein-before authorized and required to be made and published, for settling the Course of Husbandry to be used in the said Lands and Grounds, until the completing of the said Division and Allotment shall be paid and applied, and thereby impose Penalties, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, on any One Person for any One Offence, on all such Persons as shall plow up any old Swarth Ground before the making of the said Division and Allotments, and on such as shall not conform to the Orders of the said Commissioners for ceasing the Right of Common over the said Lands or Grounds, and direct to whom, when, and in what Manner also the same shall be paid and applied , and also shall and may direct and appoint what Recompence or Satisfaction in Money shall be paid unto or by any of the Proprietors to whom any Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, by or unto the last Owner or Possessor of any Lands so to be allotted for or in respect of the State or Condition in which such Lands may happen to be at the Time when the new Owner is to enter into Possession thereof; and also appoint a Time or Times for Payment of such Satisfaction respectively; and also order and award, issue and pay such Recompence and Compensation as they shall think just and reasonable to be made to any Owner, Tenant, or Occupier, who shall or may receive Damage in his Lands, Crops, or Fences, by and in Consequence of making the said Division and Allotments, or any private Ways, Drains, or Watercourses over the same as aforesaid, or otherwise order and appoint by whom and when such Recompence and Satisfaction shall be paid.

Lease»atRack

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leafei

*° bC at ^ac*c ^cnt now fabfifting of all or any Part of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be inclosed, alone or together with any Mef*

-: fuages, Cottages, ancient inclosed Lands, or other Hereditaments lying - and being within the Township of Ashby aforesaid, and all other Agreements for any Teem or Terms or Number of Years therein respectively, shall ceal'e, determine, and be void immediately on such Allotments and hi':- 9 - _ . Oivisions

4.i° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

Divisions being made, she respective Lt-ffees or Tenants thereof fir it receiving or h iving duly tendered to them, from the rrf|eftive Proprietors of the fame Prtmifes, such Satisfaction as the said CortimilB ners shall ascertairi as reasonable to be paid to fuih Lrflees or Tenan’s respectively, as an Equivalent for the Lois or Losses they shall respectively luttain, on Account of the Determination of their respective Leases.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be confirmed, deemed, adjudged, or taken to revoke, make void, annul, or any way affect: any Grant, Assurance, Limitation of Use, Declaration of Trust, or any Deed, Will, or Lease whatsoever, (Lease* at Rack Rent only excepted) or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, jointure. Portion, Debt, Rent, Incumbrance, or other Claim or Demand out of, upon, or affefting any of the Lands or Grounds intended to be divided and inclosed by Authority of this or any Part or Parcel thereof, or which shall be exchanged in pursuance of the same Act; but that the Lands and Grounds so to be allotted or exchanged shall, immediately after the making of such Allotments and Exchanges respectively, be, remain, and enure, and be held and enjoyed, and the several Proprietors to whom the same shall be allotted or given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth stand and be seised and possessed thereof, respectively subject to the Charges to be made thereon by virtue of this Act, under and liable to the same Uses and Trulls, and to and for such Uses, and the fame Estates andlntercfts, and subject to such and the like Wills, Leases, (Leases hereby avoided onlyexcepted) Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, Remainders, Charges, Tenures, Rents, Services, Incumbrances, and Demands, as the several Messuages, Cottages, Toftsteads, Lands and Grounds, Common Rights, and other Property of every such Proprietor, in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, or which shall be so exchanged, were or would have been subject or liable to in case this Act had not been made.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the reasonable Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners in and concerning the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in them, and of the applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act, and of the surveying, measuring, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds so intended to be inclosed as aforesaid, and of making, preparing, executing, and inrolling the said Award or Instrument, and of making Satisfaction or Recompence for any Damage to be done in the Execution of any Powers of this Act, and all other reasonable Charges and Expences occasioned by the Execution of this Act, (except the Fencing the Allotment or Allotments to be made in lieu of manerial Rights, which shall be fenced by the said John Julius Angerjlcin, his Heirs or Assigns) shall be borne and defrayed by all the Proprietors of Lands which shall be aborted by virtue of this Acr, or of any Home-dead or old Inclosures within the said Township of Ashby, which shall be thereby discharged of Tythes (except the said John Fardtll, his Heirs or Assigns, and the said Edward Jordtn, as Vicar as aforesaid, and his Successors, who are hereby freed and discharged of and from any such Expences, but subject to the Regulations with respect to the future Expences of Drainage and Warping hcrejn-before contained, and also except the

I35S

No Title* to lie ffedled by this Act.

For decaying the Xx-pences of Act.

?356 41° GEORGII] III. Cap.-l4.

said John Julius An^trfitin, his Heirs or A (Tigris, in relpecc of his Allotment!*1, Allotments in lieu of his manerial Rights as atordaid) according to Ihe Value of the Lands and Grounds each Person shall have allotted to him, her, or them, or be entitled or otherwise benefited by (tish Inclq-sure, and in such Shares and Proportions as shall be settled and.^etennia-ed by the said Comrr.issioners either before or after the Execution of their said Award.

LX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the said John Fardell, as Impropriator as aforesaid, and the said Edward yorden, as Vicar, and his Successors, shall not be at any Expences whatsoever preparatory to, and in obtaining and passing this Act, and carrying the fame into complete Execution; any Thing herein contained, or may be construed to contain, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Recovery of

LXI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any of xpence. fjj Proprietors shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Proportion of any Rate or Rates, Assessmenc or Assessments to be made by the said Commissioners, on Account of the Charges and Expences of obtaining this Act, and the aforesaid necessary Expences of the said Commissioners in putting the fame into Execution, or shall refuse or neglect to pay any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be ordered by the said Commissioners to be paid to any other Person or Persons as a Recompence or Satisfaction as aforesaid, at the respective Days and Times to be appointed for Payment of such Rates, Assessments, Sum or Sums of Money respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Coro-missioners by any Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Scab, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Proportions of the said Rates, Assessments, Sum or Sums of Money re-ipedively, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so making Default in Payment as aforesaid, his, her, or their Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, wheresoever the same shall be found, rendering the Oveiplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress and Sale, being fii ft deduded or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, to enter upon and take Possession of the Premises so to be allotted to such Person or Persons refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid and to receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof, until thereby, therewith, or otherwise the Shaies or Proportions of the said Rates and Assessments, Sum or Sums of Money (o ordered and directed by the said Commissioners to be paid by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and all Interest thereon, to be computed as aforesaid, and also all Costs, Charges, and Expences occasioned by or attending such Entry upon and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the said Premises, shall be'fully paid and satisfied, or that they the said Commissioners shall and may let, demise, and charge such Allotment or Allotments to any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall pay to the said Coro-missioners such Proportion or Proportions of the said Rates, Assess-

Exempting the Impropriator and VLar from paying any Expences-

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

ments, Charges, and Expences for such Term or Number of Years, as the said Commissioners shall think sufficienc to reimburse fuel) P,rson or Persons the Monty by him or them advanced, with Interest for the same.

L"XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Person or Persons who, after such Division and Inclosure to be made as aforesaid, shall be Owners and Proprietors fur the Time bring of any old Inclosures exonerated Irotn the Payment of Tythes, or of any Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act, or of any Part thereof, and for the Husbands, Guardians, Truflres, Committees, or Attornies of or for any of the said Owners or Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, or beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable to act for themselves, and for every of them, and for every of the said Owners or Proprietors being Tenants for Life or in Tail, or for Years, not being at Rack Rent, or any other Contingencies, and for every of them respectively for the Time being, (except the said Vicar and his Successors for the Time being), by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners in Writing under their Hahdsand Seals, from Time to Time, either before or after the Execution of the said Award or Instrument, to charge the several Lands and Grounds which shall be comprized in such respective Allotments, or any Part thereof, with any Sum or Sums of Money, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, not exceeding Four Pounds for every Acre of Land and Ground so to be allotted as aforesaid, and also for every Acre of old Inclosure exonerated from Tythes, to be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall nominate and appoint, in order to be applied and disposed of for and towards paying and defraying the respective Shares and Proportions of the Charges and Ex-pehceS incident to and attending such Division and Inclosure, and of obtaining this Act and executing the fame; and for securing the Repayment of such Sum and Sums of Money, with Interest, to grant, mortgage, JeaTe, or drmrfe the Lands and Grounds so to be charged therewith, unto any Person or Persons who shall lend and advance the fame respectively, for any Term or Number of Years, so that every such Grant or Derr.ife be made with a Proviso or Cond:tion to cease and be void, when such Sum and Sums of Money thereby secured, with the Interest thereof, shall be paid and fati-fied; and so that in every such Grant or Demise ro be made by any Person or Persons entitled only as Tenants in Tail or for Life or Lives, or Years, or upon any other Contingency, there be contained a Covenant to pay and keep down the Interest of the Mone^ thereby to be secured during his, her, or their respective Life or Lives, or for so long as he, she, cr they shall continue fc zed or entitled to the Possession of such Allotment or Allotments respectively, so that no Person afterwards becoming possessed of or entitled to such Lands or Grounds so to tic charged with any Sum or Sums*of Money as aforesaid, shall be liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for One Year preceding the Time that the Title to such PofteSfon shall have commenced; oroth'r.vile it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under their Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, at the Request of such of the Lid Owners and Proprietors, being Tenants in Tail, or for [Ler. ft? Per.~\ 15 S Life

*358 4i* GEORGII UL Cap. 74.

Life or Lives, or Years, or upon any other Contingency, who shall respectively pay and difi harge his, her, and their proportionable Part of the Charges and Expences aforesaid, to authorize and empower such . Owners and Proprietors, any or either of them making such Request, to charge and subject the Land* and Grounds so to be allotted to such Owners and Proprietors thereof respectively, with any Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall think just and reasonable, not exceeding Four Pounds per Acre, with Interest for the same as aforesaid which Sum or Sums of Money so to be charged as aforesaid, shall be paid within One Year next after the Decease of every such Tenant for Life or in Tail, or upon any other Contingency respectively, with the Interest thereof, to be computed from his, her, and their respective Decease, unto such Person or Persons as such respctflive Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years, or upon any other Contingency, shall respectively by Deed or Will, duly executed and attested, diredf and appoint, and in Default thereof, to h's, her, or their Executors or Administrators; and every such Grant, Lease, Mortgage, Appointment, and Dem fe, or Charge, by Deed or Will as aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and tffcdual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended, notwithstanding the Want of Title in such Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years, or subject to any other Contingency, and notwithstanding any Settlement, Will, Use, Trust, Remainder, or other Incumbrance of or upon the said Lands and Premises, or any Part thereof, then in being or Sec irities af. c pable of taking Effedf to the contrary and all and every Person or Per-le‘ fons to whom any such Grant, Mortgage, or Demise shall be made by virtue of this Act as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby ftcured, shall and may from Time to Time, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings under his, her. or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be executed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, assign or transfer the fame Security or Securities, and the Principal Money and Interest nereby secured, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all his, her, or their Right, Title, and Interest, of, in, and to the fame, unro any Person or Persons whomsoever, who may again in like Manner assign the fame, and so tali j quoties; and such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Affigr.ee or Assignees, rus, her, or their Executors or Administrators, and al! Persons claiming under them or any of them, shall and may use, take, and purlue all such lawful Methods, Courses, and Expedients in Law or Equity, for recovering and obtaining the Poss-ffion of the Premises, so to be mortgaged, de-m lrd, or assigned as aforesaid, in case of Non-payment of the principal Money and Interest to be thereby secured, or any Part thereof, as is or are uled, taken, and pursued in all Cales of the like Nature.

r.TVeepirfr LXITI. And be it further enacted, That the Proporietors of the Lands

dow.i the in- anc| Grounds so to be charged with any Sum or Sums of Money, being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years, or subject to any other Contingencies, shall duly pay and keep down the Interest thereof during their respective Livts, and that no Person becoming possessed of such ’ L mds and Grounds afterwards shall be liable to pay any Arrear of In-tei eft further than for One Year preceding the Time that the Title to such Pufltffion shall have commenced, but that all Arrears above One

Year

13 59

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

Ynr before the Death of any such Proprietor shall be paid by the Executors or Administrators of> such Peil'on lo dying in a Course cf Administration.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Money which shall be advanced by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of defraying the Fx-pences of apj lying for and obtaining this Act, shall be repaid with lawful Interest to such Person or Persons out of the First Money to be raif d by any Rate as aforesaid, to be assessed by the said Commissionfers for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, cr whiih shall be imposed by the said Commissioners in or by any such Writing or Writings under their Hands as aforesaid, or in or by their said Award (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is net hereby otherwise provided for) shall be levied and recovered in a summary Way before any One Justice of the Peace for the Parts of Lindsey aforesaid, residing near to the Township of Ajbhy aforesaid, and not interested in the Matter in question, for which Purpose u shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint made to him by the Person or Persons supposing him, her, or themselves aggrieved, to summon the Party aceufed and the WimelTcs on both Sides, and upon the Appearance or Contempt of the Party aceufed to examine such Witr.effes upon Oath, (which Oath every such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), and upon such Evidence to give Judgement accordingly, and to condemn the Patty aceufed (Proof of the Accusation being made by One or more Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid) in such Penalties and Forfeitures, Sum or Sums of Money respectively, as he shall have incurred or be liable to the Payment of, and to levy such Penalties and Forfeitures, Sum or Sums of Money, by Dilbcfs and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, together with reasonable Cults; all which Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is n t particularly directed by this Act, shall, when and lo soon as the lame shall be levied, be paid and applied to and for the Use of such Pei fin or Persons, or to or for such Uses, Intent*, and Purposes, as the said Commissioners in and by such Writing or Writings as aforesaid, or in and by their said Award, shall order, direct, or appoint.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall *nd they are hereby required to enter in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, an Account of all Monies whatsoever received from the Proprietors or others during the Progress of the Inclosure, and also of all the Charges, Expences, and Disburstmems which shall accrue or be made by virtue of this Act, and in carrying the lame into Execution; which Book of Accounts shall be kept at the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and be open ac all reasonable Times during the Progress of the said Inclosure and till all the Accounts are finally settled, for the Inspection of any of the Proprietors, without Fee or Reward; and in case the said Commissioners or the said Clerk shall neglect to provide and keep such Book of Accounts as aforesaid, or refuse the Inspection thereof to any of the Proprietors at reasonable Times, in Manner before mention,

ed.

Interest to he

paid lor Mo. ney advauc.d.

For the Recovery of Penalties.

Application of them.

Rook of Accounts to be left with the Solicitor or Clerk, for the Proprietors Infection. 4

1360

Monies re ccived, whin amounting to 50/. to be put in a Banker's Hands, etc.

Persons ag-gfiev*d may appeal to the Quirier St'j.om.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

ed, and shall be convicted thereof upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnessis, not interested in the intended Division and inclosure, before any Justice of the Peace for the Parts of Lindsey aforesaid, or of such other County or Place where such Commissioner or Clerk so offending shall be or reside, every such Commissioner or Clerk so causing such Neglect and Refusal, and convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds, and if he or they shall make Default in paying such Sum for the Space of Ten Days next after such Conviction, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant), and the Overplus, after such Penalty and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and the Money arising by such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be paid and applied to or to the Use of such Proprietor or Person interested making the Complaint; and a Copy of which Book of Accounts shall be made and closed, and signed by the said Commissioners, within Three Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, and shall be deposited therewith.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to be raised and received under and by virtue of the Powers of this Act, during the Progress of the intended Division and inclosure shall, from Time to Time, as often as the same shall amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, be paid to and deposited in the Hands of some Banker or such other Person or Persons as shall be approved of by a Majority in Value of the Proprietors who shall be present at the First Meeting of the said Commissioners, and in the Notice of which Meeting shall be exprdfed the Intention of then appointing such Banker or such other Person or Persons; and no such Monies deposited or paid into the Hands of such Banker, or other Person or Persons, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be iflbed or paid by him or them without an Order in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, specifying the Person or Persons to whom the same are respectively to be paid, and the Service or Consideration to or for which the same are due; and that che Balance (if any) upon the final Settlement of all Accounts concerning the Business of the said intended Divi-lion and inclosure, shall be immediately repaid and returned to the several Proprietors or Persons interested, in Proportion to the several Sums respectively paid and advanced by them.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case (except where the Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners are directed to be final, or any other Mode of Relief is appointed) he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the Division of Lindsey aforesaid, within Six Calendar Months next after such Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; and the Justices of the said Quarter Scfifions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74. 1361

of every fitch Complaint, and to make such Orders therein, and to award Inch Colts as they may think reasonable, and to levy the Colts which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners, after deducing the reasonable Charges; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any Writ or Pro-eels whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall Saving Rights prejudice, lefL-n, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of the said John ^Manor.

Julius Angerjiein, Lord of the said Manor and Soke of Kirton in Lindsey aforesaid or of any Person or Persons who shall respectively for the Time being be Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors, Lordship or Lordship s, or reputed Manor or Lordship, within the Jurisdiction or Limits whereof the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be inclosed, or any Part thereof respectively are comprized of, in, or to the Seigniory or Royalties incident and belonging to such Manors or Lordships, or any of them, but that such Lord or Lords for the Time being shall and may at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy the fame, and all Rights and Services, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Franchises, Privileges, and all other Royalties and Appurtenances to such Manors or Lordships for the Time being incident or belonging (other than those which are intended to be barred and destroyed by this Act) in as full, ample, extensive, and beneficial a Manner as they respectively could or might have held and enjoyed the fame in case this Act had not been made.

LXX. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies 84vm*-Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, in respect to the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Allotments shall be made and all Persons claiming any Right of Common in and upon the said Lands and Grounds, whole Claims shall not be allowed by the said Commissioners),all such Estates and Interests as they, every, or any of them, had or enjoyed, of, in, to, or in respect of the said Fields, Lands, Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, before the passing of this Act, or would or ought to have had or enjoyed, in case the fame had not been made; but no such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Successors, shall have Power to defeat the End and Design of this Act, by avoiding, impeaching, or any Way destroying any of the several Divisions or Allotments so to be made as aforesaid, but shall accept the fame in lieu of all such Lands,

Grounds, Common Rights, Tythes, and Interest, as he, she, or they have therein, or would have been entitled to in case this Act had not been made.

[Loc. ft? Per.']

1362

Publick Act

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act i and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 75.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Field, Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Year Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of South Walsham Saint Lawrence, and South Waljha?n Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the same.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parishes of South Walsham Saint

Lawrence, and South Walsham Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk, a certain Open Field, and certain Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Year Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds: And whereas fames Burkin Burrougbcs Esquire, is Lord of the Manors of South Walsham, South Walsham Chamery Hal!, Rowthingball in South Walsham, and Cattishall in South Walsham, and as Lord of the said Manors, or of feme or One of them, is or claims to be entitled to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds: And whereas the Matter and Fellows of Queen's College, in the Universuy of Cambridge, are Patrons of the Rectory of South Walsham, of which fames MarJJj Clerk, is the present Rector, who, as such Redfor, is Lord of the Manor of South Walsham Rectory j and the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of thtf City of Nor-[Loc. & PerJ\ 15 U with.

Preamble)

1366 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

wich, are Patrons of the Vicarage of South Walsham Saint Mary, of which Rickard Day Clerk is the present Vicar: And whereas the said Opm Field, Commonable Marsh Lands, and Halt Year Shack Lands, are inconveniently firuated for the respective 'Owners thereof; and the said Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Year Shaik Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, are frequently overflowed with Water, and in their present State and Condition yield very little Profit to the several Persons in-teiefted therein: And whereas it would be advantageous to the levcial Persons interested in the Premises if the said Open Field, Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Year Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds were divided, and specifick Parts and Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, under the Directions in this Act contained, and if the said Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Year Shack Lands, Commons, and Wjfte Grounds were drained: But as these several Objects cannot be attained without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament General com- assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Henry Burton of nuffionen. Fanjey in the County of Norfolk, William Unibank of Heigham, in the County of the City of Norwich, John Fuller of Ketltringham, in the said County of Norfulc, Gentlemen, shall be and they are hereby appointed General Commissioners for dividing and allotting the said Open Field, Commonable M irfh Lands, Half Year Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and for the several other Purposes herein-after mentioned; and if any of the General Commissioners herein named, or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him or them, die, or refuse or become incapable to act in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case> it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Gentral Commissioners or Commissioner, and they and he are and is hereby required, at any Time within Forty Days next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be known to them or him, by Writing under their or his Hands or Eland, to appoint another Person (not being interested in the Premises) to be a General Commissioner in the Place of each General Commissioner so dying, or refusing or becoming incapable to act; and every General Commissioner, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, after taking the Oath herein-after mentioned, have the like Powers and Authorities for ca1 rying this Act into Execution, in all Respects, as if he had been named and appointed a General Commissioner in and by this Act.

Notice of Ge- IT. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners r.cal'o.i.mif- shall, and they are hereby required to cause Notice in Writing of the iiigs'/’ M<Xt" Time am) Place of their First and every other Meeting for the Execution of this Act, to be inl’erted in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwi b Mercury, or in some other Newspapers printed and circulated within the said County of Norfolk. Eight Days at leal! before every such Meeting; (Meetings by Adjournment only exceptei,); and all Acts, Matters, and T hings, authorized or necessary to be done and executed by the said Gentral Commissioners, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the fame

1367

-41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

be as valid and effedlu.il, and shall have the lame Force and Effect, as if such Acts, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all the said General Commissioners.

III. Provided always, That if at any Meeting appointed to be holden One Central by the said General CommiHiorers, it shall happen that no more than One General Commissioner shall attend, such General Commissioner may adjourn such Meeting to such Time and Plaie, within either of the said Parishts of South Walfham Saint Lawrence, or South Washim Saint Mary, or within Twelve Miles of One of them, as he shall ih.nk most convenient.

IV. Provided also, That no Person shall be caprble of acting as a Ge- Qualification neral Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless it be in the Power c'ommin.on-hereby given of appointing the First Meeting, and adminidering the fol- era. lowing Oath to the other General Commissioners, until he shall have

taken the following Oath; (that is to say),

T Do swear, that I will faithfully, impartially, and l-.oneftly, examine General Com-‘ A into, hear, and determine all such Matters and Things as shall be

* brought before me as a General Commissioner, by virtue of an Act of

Parliament for dividing, allotting, and inclojini the Open Field, Common-‘ able Marsh Lands, Haif Tear Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

within the Parishes of South Walfham Saint Lawrence, and South Wal-

(h im Sa nt Mary, in the County of No>folk, and for draining and pre- serving the fame, and otherwise execute the Powers thereby in me re- posed, according to the bed of my Skill and Judgement, and without

Favour or Affection to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful to and for any One of the said General Commissioners to administer, and he is hereby required to administer the same to any other of the said General Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That with all convenient Speed, after Valuation and the passing of this Act!, a true and perfec! Admeasurement of all the to be

Lands and Grounds lying within the said Parishes of South Walfham Saint Lawrence and South Walfham Saint Mary, shall be made and laid down

as a Survey or Plan, by such Person or Persons (not interested in the Premises) as the said General Commissioners shall appoint; and that a true and perfrdi Valuation of all the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, situate, lying, and being within the said Parishes of South Walfham Saint Lawrence and South Walfham Saint Mary, shall be made and reduced into Writing by the said General Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons (not interested in the Premises) as the said General Commissioners shall appoint , which said Plan or Survey and Valuation shall contain and fee forth the Number of Messuages, Cottages, Acres,

Poods, and Perches, in Statute Measure, belonging to each Proprietor, and also the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches contained in the said Commons and Waste Grounds; and the said Valuation shall also set forth the annual Value of the MdiU2ges, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements belonging to each Proprietor, and che annual Value of the said Commons and Waste Grounds , and the said Pian or Survey and Valuation shall be

1368 41° GEORGII III. 75.

be used by the said General Commissioners as often as Occasion shall require; and the said Plan or Survey, and also the la d Valuation, (in case the same shall be made by any other Person or Persons than the said General Commissioners), together with all other Acts. Matters, and Things to be done by the t’erlun or Persons so to be appointed as aforel'a d, shall be verified by hi® or their Oath, which Oft h any One of the said General Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer; and the said General Commissioners, and Surveyor or Surveyors, their Assistants and Servants, and all and every other Person or Persons employed by the said General Commissioners, shall, and they hereby have full and free Liberty and Power, at any Time before the Execution of their Award, tt) enter into, view, examine, survey, admeasure, plan, and value the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Parishes of South Walftmm Saint Lawrence and South kVa foam Saint Mary, and to fix Stakes or Land Marks thereon, and to do all Matters and Things- which shall in the Judgement of the’ said General Commissioners be requisite for carrying this Act into Execution.

for ascertain-

VI. And whereas Disputes rnav happen to arise touching the Bourv ing Bound*- darics of the said Parishes of South IVafoam Saint Lawrence and South Wat-foam Saint Mary, in order to f. ttle suchf Disputes, be it therefore enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to perambulate the Boundaries of the said Parishes of South IVafoam Saint Law-ence and South IVafoam Saint Mary, and of each of them, and ta cause Notice of (rich their Intention to be inserted in the said Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of Norfolk, Ten Days at lead before the Time of such Perambulation; and after the Expiration of the Time to be specified in such Notice, they the said General Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to enquire into, set our, ascertain, fix, and finally determine the Boundaries of the said Parishes of South IVafoam Saint Lawrence and South Waljhant Saint Maty; and a Description of the said Boundaries shall, within Forty Day3 afterwards, be inserted in the said Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper primed and circulated within the said County of Norfolk.

VII. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons, or Body or bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested in the Determination of the said General Commissioners respecting the said Boundaries, shall be dissatisfied with such Determination, such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County of Norfolk, at any General Quarter Session of the Peace to be hclden within Four Calendar Months next after the aforesaid Publication of the said Boundaries, the Party or Parties making such Appeal giving Ten Days Notice of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, in Writing, to the said General Commissioners, or any Two of them; and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive.

VIII. And whereas it may shorten the Boundary Drains or Fences

between the Lands and Grounds hereby directec! to be divided and allotred, and the Lands lying in the Parish or Parishes adjoining thereto, If the' 7 said

For shorten-ing the Boun. dary Fences, against adjoining Parishes.

Appeal to Sessions against Boundaries.

1369

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

said General Commissioners were empowered to cause such Drains or fences to be made or raised in such Direction as they shall think moil proper and convenient for shortening and making the same regular; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the major Part in Value of the Land Owners in-any Parish or Parishes adjoining to the said Parishes of South iValJham Saint Lawrence and South Walsham Saint Mary, or either of them, and also under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors in any such adjoining Parish or Parishes, and of the Owner or Owners of the Land upon which such Drain or Drains, Fence or Fences, thall or may be intended to be made, to set out, ascertain, and determine she 'Boundary Drains or Fences to be made between the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and the Lands lying in such adjoining Parish or Parishes, as they shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundary Drains or Fences shall be so set out, ascertained, and determined as aforesaid, the same shall be made in such Manner, and at such Time or Times as the said General Commissioners shall direct, and shall forever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said respective Parishrs of South tValJJiam Saint Lawrence and South Walsham Saint Mary, and such adjoining Parish or Parishes; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which at any Time, within Twenty Years now last pad, have been made upon the "thin'rwen. Commons and Waste Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of ty Years ro this Act, shall be, and be deemed to be Part of the said Commons and ptrJ'of the Waste Grounds, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly by the said Lands to be General Commissioners; and in case any Dispute shall arlfe touching any inclost<1-such Encroachment, or the Extent thereof, such Dispute shall be finally determined by the said General Commissioners.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, cijnmijttbe Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, having or claiming t'beFintor to have any Estate or Property, or any Right cf Common, or other Second^M«t-Right or interest whatsoever, in, to, over, or upon the Lands and General com. Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, uiissioner*. shall, by himself, herself, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Guardians, Trustees, Agents, or Tenants, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby respectively required, at the First or Second Meeting of the said General Commissioners, ro be holden in pursuance of this Act, to deliver in Writing to the said General Commissioners a true and just Account of the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, belonging to him, her, or them respectively, fororin respect of which such Estate, Propmy,

Right of Common, or other Right or interest shall be claimed, describing the Quantity of the Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Parts thereof respectively, and the Manor or Manors of which such Copyhold Part9 are holden, and also a true and just Account of his, her, and their respective Claims, Rights, and Interests, in, to, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed ro be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof; and thst no such Accounts cr Claims shall be received by the said General Commissioners after such their Second Meeting, except for [ Loc. d? Per. 1 15 AT fbmc

*37°

General Om. iu!i»ioner» to ltttle Differences.

General Commi tli one j* may summon Wit* neile*.

41° GEORGII III. 5.

some special Cause to be allowed by them; and that all and every Person and JPeifons, Body and Bodies Politicly Corporate, or Collegiate, neglect-ingor refilling to deliver i'uph Accounts as aforesaid, shall he, and is and are hereby excluded and dibaired from a|l pftate. Property, Rights of Common, and other Riglu or Interrft whatsoever, in, to, over, or upon the Lands and Ground* herein directed to be divided and allotted, or in, to, oyer, or upon any PaK, or Parts of the same to bealsigned or allotted t.oany other Person or Per.fc.ns by virtue of or under this Act; and if any One or more of the said Owners and Proprietors or other Persons inter-efted in the said ititended Division and Allotments, shall have any Objection or Objections to the said Accounts or Claims, or any of them, such Objection or Objections.shall be reduced into Writing, and delivered to the said Gcnepj, Commissioner's and to such other Person or Persons, Body pr Bodies , Pu!iciilc, Corporate^ or Cpllegiare, whole Account 01 Accounts, Claim or Claims shall be objected to in such Manner and at such Time or Times as {he laid General Commissioners shall appoint.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall strife between any of the Patties interested or claiming to be intetcfled it) the said intended Division and Allotments, touching or concerning the Right to the Soil of the Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or touching or concerning the respective Rights or Interests which they or any of them shall claim to have of and in the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided arid allotted, or touching any Wood, Underwood, Bushes, Reeds, 1 horns. Whins, ppFjurze. growing thereon, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Allotments, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, as well by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said General Commissionitrs is hereby empowered to administer) as upon any other proper and sufficient Enquiry and Evidence, to examine into, hear, and determine the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and fur the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time as they shall see Occasion, by any Writing under their Hands, to summon and require any Person cr Perform to appear before them, at any Time and Place in such Wri ing mentioned, and to trlbfy the Truth upon Oath, (which Oath any One of the slid General Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer), touching any Ma ter in Difference nr Dispute between any of the said Proprietors or Persons interested, or epneerned in any Matter or Tiring wherein any Doubt or Difficulty shall occur to the said General Commissioners, and to cause a Duplicate or Copy of such Wii.ing to be delivered to every such Perba required to tetlify, or left at his or her last or usual Place of Abode; and-if any Person or Persons, having been so summoned as afurtfiid, arid having been paid or tendered a sufficient Sum of Money, to be a'fcer-tained by the said General Commissioners, to defray the Charges of hi*, her, or their Attendance or Attendances, shall, without any just and rcti-sonable Excuie, neglect or ctfufe to appear before the said General Commissioners, pursuant to such Summons or Writing, or shall refuse to be sworn, or to be examined and give Evidence touching the Premises, the said General Commissioners (due Proof bang made before them uoon

‘ ' ' Oath

371

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

Oath, which Oath any One of the said General Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer, of the Service of such Summons upon any Person or Persons who shall not appear before them, and of hi«, her, or their hiving been paid or tendered a I'ufficient Sum of Money to defray the Charge* of his, her, or their Attendance) shall cause, and they are hereby requited to cause, by Warrant under their Hinds and Seals, directed unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds, to b- levied by Distril's and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every Person I'o neglecting or refuting 19 appear, or to be sworn or to give Evidence, rendering the Overplus, (if any), upon Demand, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been lo distmiiiea and fold, after deducing the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid, shall be applied towards defraying the Costs and Charges of obtaining and executing this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said General Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered; upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, aflels, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parlies in whose Favour any Determination of the said General Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whole Claim or Claims, Objrdion or Objedinns, shall be thereby dif.llpwed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who ftHl be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same on Demand, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, ard they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, di-reded to any Person whomloevrr, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, lo neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus, (if any), upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels ffall have been fodistrained and fold, after deducting she Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, intended or chiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, shall be dtftatisfied with any Determination of the said General Commissioners, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right of the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or of any Eftatr, Property, Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, of upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, it shall and may he lawful to and for such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to proceed to a Trial ac Law of the Matter so determined by the said General Com-onflioners, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden lor

' " the

General Coin-iniflioncra to' a Oil's Costs.

Power to try fc ights by an Iflu* at Law.

*37*

Camnissioners not to d«. ter mine Title*.

Disputes about Titles not to impede the Frocerding* or the Execution of ihis Act.

No Tuis or Flag* to he cut after pairing this Act, without Leave of the General Commissioner*.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

the said County of Norfolk, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politiok, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be difia-tisfied with the Determination of the said General Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within One Calendar Month after such Determination of the said General Commissionersj and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and hr, (he, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby insisted on, may be tried and determined, (such issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and that after such Trial or Trials the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to act in Conformity to the Verdict or Ver-didls thereupon given, and to allow or disallow of the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials.

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said General Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages. Cottages, Lands, or Tenements whatsoever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Suits shall be commenced or prosecuted, touching or concerning the Title of any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, in or to any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, in the said Parishes of South Walsham Saint Lawrence and South Walfham Saint Mary, or either of them, such Suit or Suits shall not impede, delay, or hinder the said General Commissioners from proceeding in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act; but the said Division and Allotments shall be proceeded in notwithstanding such Dispute or Suit, and the Allotment or Allotments to which any such Dispute or Suit shall relate, may be had and taken by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who, upon the Determination of such Difference or Suit, shall be. come entitled to the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the passing of this Act, cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away any Reed, Rulhes, Turf, or Flags, in, upon, or from the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without or contrary to the Licence of the said General Commissioners first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose, (which Licence the said General Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant, under such Rules, Order', Regulations, and Restrictions as they shall think proper to ioferc therein), then and in every such Case the said General Commissioners, upon due Proof thereof made before them upon Oath, (which Oath any One of the said General Commissioners is hereby authorized to administer), shall cause, and they are hereby required to cause, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Sum of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every Person so offending in the Premises, rendering live Overplus, (if any), upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods 2 and

13 73

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

and Chattcjs (h ill have bt en so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Money 10 to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards defraying the Costs and Charges ot obtaining and executing this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized at any Time before the Execution of the Award herein directed to be fnade by the said General Commissioners, by Writing under their Hand9, to be affixed upon the principal D ors of the Churches of South Walsham Saint Lawrence and South Walfham Saint Mary aforesaid, to order and di-redl all or any Part of the Rights ot Common, in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended, for and during such lime as shall be expiefied in such Writing; and thac all such Rights as the said General Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall, from the Tipte ot affixing such Writing on the said Church Doors, cta'e, determine, and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall make and eiedt, and they are hereby authorized, and required to make and eredf, by such Agents, Workmen, and Labourers, as they shall think fit to employ, all such Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and Other Works, in, through, upon, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, as they the said General Commissioners shall judge proper and expedient for effectually draining such Parts of the said Lands and Grounds, as in their Judgement shall require to be drained, and to erect such Houses or Buildings for the Habitation of the Person or Persons who shall have the Care or Superintendance of the said Works of Drainage, or any of them, or for depositing Stores or Materials necessary for the making and maintaining of such Works, as they the said General Commissioners shall think proper; and also to make a Dike through any Part of the said Lands and Grounds to the common River adjoining thereto, to be used as a common or publick Boat Dike, by the Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the said Paiilhes of South Walsham Saint T.awrence and South IValsham Saint Mary, or either of them, for the Time being, for the Conveyance of Corn, Manure, and other Things to and from the said River; and that the said General Commissioners shall let out and allot unto the Commissioners for Drainage herein-after appointed, the Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works, Houses, Buildings, and Boat Dike, lo to be made and erected by them, and such Parts of the Lands and Grounds to be divide , allotted, or drained by virtue of this Act, as they shall think proper, for the maintaining, repairing, or preserving of the fame; and also a riece or Pieces of Land adjoining to the said Boat Dike, to be used as a publick Staithe or publick Staithes, by the Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the said Parishes of South Walsham Saint Lawrence and South Walsham Saint Mary* or either of them, for the Time being; for the

[_Lce. Lf Per.J i$T laying

For extin-puithing or fufptnding Rights of Common before 1 he Award.

Drainage

Clause.

1374-

Roads.

4I9 GEORGII in Cap.'is.

laying and depoftting thereon of the Corn, Manure, and other Thing* which shall be conveyed, or shall be intended to be conveyed, to or from the said common River, by means of the said Boat Dike.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall set out and appoint fuih publick and private Roads and Ways, through and over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as they shall think necessary and proper, so that all netif publick Carriage Roads, so to be set out and appointed as aforesaid, shall contain Thirty Feet in Breadth between and exclusive of the Ditches, and shall be well and sufficiently fenced out on both Sides, in such Manner and within such Time as the said General Commissioners shall direct and appoint; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person to erect any Gate across any of the said publick Roads, or to planr any Trees in or near the Hedges or Drains on the Sides thereof, at a Icfs Difbnce from each other than Fifty Yards; and after such publick Carriage Roads shall have been let out as aforesaid, the said General Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint fame proper Person or Persons to be a Surveyor or Surveyors thereof, and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall cause the said new Roads to be formed and put in good and sufficient Repair, and shall be allowed such Salary or Reward for his or their Trouble therein as the said General Commissioners shall by Writing under thrir Hands direct and appoint; a proportionate Part of which Salary or Reward, to be ascertained by the said General Commissioners, and also the Expences (over and besides the Statute Duty) of forming the said new Roads in each of the said Parishes of South IValsham Saint Lawrence and South Walsham Saint Mary respectively, and of putting the fame into good and fufiuicnt Repair, shall be borne and paid by the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politrck, Corporate, or Collegiate, Owners of Estates in each of the said Parishes, who are hereby charged with or made liable to the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, and shall be raised by a Rate or Rates to be laid on such Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate respectively, according to the annual Value of their respective Estates within each of the said Parishes respectively, such Rate or Rates to be made and assessed by the said General Commissioners either before or after the Execution of the said Award, or by any Justice of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, upon Application made for that Purpose by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and to be collected and received by such Person or Persons as the said General Commissioners or Justice, by whom such Rate or Rates dial] be made and assessed, shall by Writing appoint} and in case any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall negied or refuse to pay his, her, or their Share or Shares of the said Rate or Rates, within Ten Days next after Demand thereof made, the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglrding or refuting, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said General Commissioners, or the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County, (as the Case may be) which Warrant the said General Commissioners, or any Justice, are and is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Proof on Oath of such Negied or Retufal, and of such Demand as aforesaid, which Oaih 'he

said

1375

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

laid General Commissioners, or such Justice, are and is hereby empowered to administer; and the Overplus (if any) after such Shire or Shares of the Rate or Rates, and the Charges of levying the same shall have been deduced, shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and that none of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes of South IValJhani Saint Lawrence and South Walsham Saint Mary, or either of them, other than the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Po-liriik, Corporate, or Collegiate, who is and are hereby charged with or made liable to the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, shall be charged or chargeable (over and above the Statute Duty) towards the forming or repairing such new publick Roads, until the same shall be made fit for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, and shall have been certified so to be by such Surveyor or Surveyors, in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to be delivered to the Justices at some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, and such Certificate or Certificates shall have been allowed and confirmed by them; which said Certificate or Certificates shall be delivered to the said Justices, at their General Quarter Sessions to be holden next after the said Roads shall be formed and put in Repair as aforesaid, and within the Space of Two Years next after the Execution of the said Award, ur>less sufficient Reason be given, to the Satisfaction of the said Justices, that a further Time is necessary for that Purpose, in which Cafe the said Justices may, and they are hereby empowered to allow such further Time for the Delivery of the fii{f Certificate or Certificates as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Year; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall neglect or refilfe to deliver the said Certificate or Certificates within the Time before limited, every such Surveyor so neglecting or refufwg P.iall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of his Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace of the said County, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, after deducting the Charges and Expences of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and such Penalty, when recovered, shall be applied in Aid of the Rate to be made as aforesaid; and that when such Certificate shall have been delivered to the said Justices by the said Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, and shall have been by them allowed and confirmed, the said Roads shall be for ever thereafter repaired and kept in Repair in such Manner as other puHick Highways are by Law to be repaired; and that when the said publick Roads and Ways shall be so fetout, appointed, and made as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to use any other Roads or Ways, either publick or private, over or upon the said Lands and Grounds, on Foot, or with Horses, Cattle, or Carriages; and all Roads and Ways, which shall not be so set out and appointed as the Roads and Ways through or over the find Lands and Grounds, shall be deemed to be Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly: and all the publick Bridle or Footways, and all private Ways, and also the Drains and Fences next the publick Highways or Roads, shall be made and raised, and at all Times hereafter maintained and kept in Repair in such Manner and Form, at such Charges and Expences, and by such Person and Persons as the said General Commissioners shall by their said Award order, direct, and appoint; and all and every Owner and Owners of Lands so charged with such Repairs, shall respectively be liable and

j376 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

deemed chargeable therewith, by reason of the Tenure of his, her, or their resprctive Lands; and the Grass and Herbage growing and renewing on all the said publick Roads or Ways shall be taken and enjoyed by such Person or Persons as the said General Commissioners shall appoint, and by no other Person or Persons whomsoever.

Piefenr Roads

XXI. Provided always, That none of the present Roads shall be (hut "0t t'°i others' UP an^ discontinued, until the said General Commissioners shall have caused are let out. the said publick Roads to be let out as aforesaid, and until the fime shall be properly formed, and made Cafe and convenient for Horses, Cattle, and Carriages.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said General Com-r'lvcn'of b* missioners shall, before the setting out any new Roads or Highways, Roadi being cause a Notice of their Intention in that Behalf, and a Description of the let out. Roads and Highways so intended to be let ouc and appointed by them,

to be inferred in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, if then published, and if not then in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Norfolk; and in such Notice the said General Commissioners shall appoint fume Meeting for receiving Objections to such Roads and Highways; (but no such Meeting so to be appointed shall be holden sooner than Ten Days after the Publication of such Notice); and if any Person or Persons shall have any O jedlion to the Roads or Highways lo intended to be set out, or any of them, or shall propose any other Roads or Highways, such Person or Persons shall deliver his, her, or their Ob-jedtions or Proposals to the said General Commissioners at such Meeting, and the said General Commissioners shall thereupon hear the Allegations and Evidence offered and produced in support of the said Objections and Proposals; and in case the Lid General Commissioners shall refuse or shall not agree to set out any other Roads or Highways to the Satisfaction of the Person or Persons so objecting or making such Proposals as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons who shall be diflacisfied with the Setting out. Appointment, or Disposition of any such publick Roads or Highwais as aforesaid, to appeal against all or any of such publick Roads or Highways to some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Norfolk, within Four Calendar Months next after such Meeting, (Notice in Writing of such Appeal being first given to any Two of the said General Commissioners, within Ten Days after such Meeting, and the Party or Parties intending to make such an Appeal, within Four Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance be ore One Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, with 'I wo sufficient Sureties, in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor Ids than Twenty Pounds, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay sech Colls as shall be awarded by such Justices at such Quarter Sessions), and he, she, or they shall be heard by himself, herself, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Counsel, Agents, Attornies, and WitncfiVs, and that the said General Commissioners, or One of them, or their Survtyor or Cletk, shall attend at such Sessions; and the Justices before whom such Appeal shall be made, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as atordaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall, on hearing the Evidence, finally determine whether the said Roads or Highways so

1

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75. 1377

appealed against shall be made, or whether any other Roads or Highways shall be fct out, and shall make and give such Orders and Directions touching the Mattrr before them, and award inch Cods, as to them shall seem necessary and expedient in that Behalf, and such Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or arty Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case no such Notice shall be given to Twoot the said General Commissioners as aforesaid, or such Recognizance shall not be 1 entered into, or such Appeal shall not be proceeded in as aforesaid, then such Setting our, Appointment, and Disposition of the said Roads and Highways, by the said General Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive to all and every Person and Persons what- } soever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commis- Allotment for sioners shall assign, fct out, and allot unto the respective Surveyors of the d

Highways within the said Parishes of South Walsham Saint Lawrence and fits.

South Walsham Saint Mary, such Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, not exceeding Two Acres in the Whole as the said General Commissioners shall think necessary, as and for publick watering Places for Cattle, and as and for publick Sand, Gravel, Clay, and Chalk Pits, and the fame Allotment or Allotments, when set out, shall for ever thereafter be used by the respective Surveyors of the Highways, and by the Proprietors of Lands anti Estates within the said Parishes of South Walsham Saint Lawrence and South Walsham Saint Mary respectively, and thnr Tenants for the Tntte being, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as the Commissioners for Drainage herein-after appointed shall from Time to Time direct and appoint.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commis- Allotment!

sioners shall in the next Place assign, set out, and allot unto the Lord ^Rlfihl uf j*or Lords, Lat±y or Ladies of the said Manors, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons, being Owner or Owners of, or enntled to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, such Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as in the Judgement of the said General Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One Eighteenth Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds ;'and such Allotments shall be a full Compensation and Recompence for the Right of such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of such Manor or Manors respectively, in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds: Provided always, That the said Allotment or Allotments shall be made and taken out of the Commons and Waste Grounds lying in each of the said respective Parishes, for the Right to the Soil of the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commis- Allotment to sioners shall in the next place assign, set out, and allot unto the Lord of of the said Manor of South Walsham, and to the Rector of the said Rectory South WJJham. of S.outh Walsham, and the Churchwardens of the said Parish of South Walsham Saint Lawrence, such Parr of the Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, lying within the said Parish of South Walsham Saint Lawrence, as they the said General Com-fr-mrtlioners shall judge and deem to be equal in Value, per Annum, to the annual Average Value of Ten Acres of the said Commons and Waste *{;£|E & Per.]. - 15 Z J Grounds,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

Grounds, lying in the said Parish of South Walsham Saint Lawrtr.ee, and such Allotment shall, from and after the Execution of thf Award hereinafter mentioned, be verted in the Lord of the fskl Manor of S'Utb IVal-Sham, the Kedor of the said Rectory of South Walsham, and the Chu ch-wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish 01 South Walfiam* j Saint Lawrence, for the Time being, for ever, Trustees for the Po-t’I) of the said Parish of South Walsham Saint Lawrence, and shall be ufcjJ as a Common by such poor Inhabitants of the lathe (Villi who shall be legallyjettled therein, at such Times of the Ycat.fbr such Pm pofrs, in such Manner, and subject to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations as ihe Trusteetff of the fame for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall (rom Time to Time nominate, direct, appoint, or prescribe; and the said General Commissioners shall in the next Place assign, set out, ai.d allot unto the Lord of the said Manor of South Walsham, the Vicar of the said Vicarage of South Walsham Saint Mary, and the Churchwardens^and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of South Walsham Saint Mary, fuih Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds lying within the said Parish of South Wa'Sham Saint Mary, as they the said General Commissioners shall judge and deem to be equal in Value, per Annum, to the annual Average Value of Ten Acres of the said Commons and Waste Grounds lying within the said Parish of South Walsham Saint Mary; and such Allotment shall, from and after the Execution of the said Award, be verted in the Lord of the said Manor of South Walsham, the Vicar of the said Vicarage of South Walsham Saint Mary, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of South WalJljam Saint Mary for the Time being for ever, as Trustees for the Poor of the said Parish of South Walsham Saint Maty, and shall be used as a Common by such poor Inhabitants of the f^me Parish who shall be legally settled therein, at * such Times of the Year, for such Purposes, in such Manner, and lubjrit to such Rules;-OrSers, and Regulations, as the Trustees of the fame for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall fronvTime to Time nominate, direct, appoint, or prescribe.

fr f t

XXVI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

J.ord of the

for, anil vicar the Lord of the said Manor of South Walsham, and the said Rector

by and Vicar respectively for the Time being, to act in_ the Execution of

*" the Tiufts hereby reposed in them as aforesaid, by their Agents or

Proxies respectively, to be appointed by Writing under their respective

Hands.

Aft

Allotment of*, li t Kstjdue

3*

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall then afilgn, (cr out, and allot the Residue and Remainder of the Lands and Grounds- hereby directed to be divided and allotted, unto and among all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, (Corporate, or Xollegiate, being Owner or Owners of the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, or having any Right or Rights of Corner other Rights or Interests, in, over, or upon the fame, or any

Part thereof, in such Parts and Shares as the said General Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of, and a full Compensation to him, her, and them reflectively, for his, her, and their respective Shares, Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests of, in, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof.

XXV1JI. Pro-

r

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

XXVIII. Provided always, That in making the said Allotments the said General Commissioners shall have a doe Regard, as well to the Quality and Quantity of the Lands and Grounds so to be divided and allotted I as aforesaid, as alfoi to the Situation and Contiguity of the same to the respective Habitations, Messuages, Barns, and ocher Property of the fe-, veral Parties to or for whom such Lands and Grounds shall respectively

I . be assigned and allotted.

XXIX. Provided also, That if any Person or Persons (save and except the said Rector and Vicar, in respect of the said Rectory and Vicarage) hath or have fold, or contracted or agreed to fell, or shall at any lime, before the Execution of the said Award, fell, or contiad or ( agree to fell, his, her, or their Right, Intertit, and Property in the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, to any other Person

' L " or Persons, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for 'A,tt the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and re-» quired to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser in e'v'ery such Sale, ContradV, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Af-. signs, for and in Respect of such Right, Interest, and Property, so {old or contracted, or agreed to be (old as aforesaidt, and every such Vendee or Purchaser, or his or her Heirs or Assigns, shall and may, t from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the f Land so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the fame

t Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in every such Sale, Contraft, or Agreement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or such Rights, Interest, or Prop riy had been veiled in such Vendor at the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to »; and for the said General Commissioners to make Partition of any Messuages. Tenements, Lands, or other Hereditaments, within the said Parishes of South tVaiJham Saint Lawrence and South Walsham Saint Mary, , or either of them, belonging to any Persons as Coparceners, or as Joint

s Tenants, or as Tenants in Common, so as every such Partition be made

upon Application from, and by and with the Consent and Approbation #► of the several Proprietors thereof, to be signified in Writing under their Hands, or under the Hands of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Com- "+ mitrees, or Auornies duly authorized, of such of the said Proprietors as are under Coverture, JVlinors, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or under any ocher Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves, and be spe-cjfied and declared in the Award of the said General Commissioners, or *'; by any Instrument ligtied by them, to be inrolled with the said Award; and efcery such Partition shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents V and Purposes whatsoever.

XX.XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, until the Execution of the said Award, no Part of the Pal tures or Marsh Grounds hereby directed to be d,ividtd and allotted, shall be ploughed up or converted into Tillage, without the Consent of the said General Commissioners first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose; and that all the Arable Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall, during that Time, be subject and liable to such Di-

red ions

I t

1379

For hjJ g the

Alotnents

Conveniently

together.

In c?feany J’crfofi shall fell his Common Right, the Allotment to be made to the Purchasci.

General Commissionersmay make Parti tion of undivided Ellaiet.

General Com* mWlioners to direct the Courte of Hulbiudry.

1382 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

led claiming or accepting his, her, or their Share ot Allotment within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after his, her, or their Right, Title, or Intered shall have defeended or accrued.

Fm fencing

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds

Allotments, hereby dirtdled to be divided and allotted, shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced by such Person or Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate slave and except the Rector and Vicar of the said Rectory and Vicarage for the Time being, in resprdt of any Allotments to be made to them in Right of the said Rectory *nd Vicarage respectively, and save and except the said Surveyors of the Highways, Trustees for the Poor, and Commissioners for Drainage, for and in Respect of the Allotments hereby directed to be made to them respectively as aforesaid) within such Time and in such Manner as the said General Commissioners shall in and by their laid Award order, direct, and appoint; and the Hedges, Ditches, Drains, and Fences, which shall be made pursuant to the said Award, shall at all Times thereafter be maintained, and kept in Repair, and cleansed by such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, as the said General Commissioners shall by their said Award order and direct; and if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall neglect or refofe to make and raise such Hedges, Ditches, Drains, or Fences, according to the Award of the said General Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered and required to cause such Hedges, Ditches, Drains, or Fences, to be raised and made by such Person or Persons, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times as they the said General Commissioners shall think proper, and if the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who ought to have raised and made such Hedges, Ditches, Drains, or Fences, shall neglect or refuse to pay the Colls and Expences of raising and making the same (such Costs and Expences being settled by the said General Commissioners) within Ten Days after Demand made thereof, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby required to raise and levy the same by such Ways and Means as the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be raised and levied; and for better preserving the Hedges, Ditches, Banks, Plants, Quicklets, and Fences, of the said intended Inclosures, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time and at all Times during the Term of Seven Years next after the Execution of the said Award, to set or fix Pods or Rails, or any other Guards, on the Outside of the Hedges, Ditches, Banks, and Fences bounding their respective Allotments, not exceeding Three Feet from such Hedges, Ditches, Banks, and Fences; and at all seasonable Times before the End of the said Term, to remove, take, and carry away such Pods, Rails, and other Guards, and to convert the same to their respective Uses.

Fences may be

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when the said General

the<E*ecunon Commissioners shall have daked out the several Allotments intended to be

of the Award, made by them by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75. 1383

Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments is or are intended to be made, to indole or fence such Allotment or Allotments in such Manner as the said General Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands appoint, although the said Award shall not then have been executed,

XXXIX. Provided always, That convenient Gaps and Openings shall For leaving be left in tire Fences and Inclosures to be made in pursuance of this Act, G, P’* for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, for the Passage of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages into and through the fame, unless the several Parties interested shall agree that the same shall be sooner fenced in, made up, and indofed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases Lease. void a. of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, within the said respective Pa- lo Allotment., rilhes of South Walsham Saint Lawrence and South Walsham Saint Mary, shall, as far as such Lease or Leases affect or concern any Allotment or Allotments to be made in respect of any such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements comprized in such Lease or Leases be, and the lame is and are hereby declared to be null and void as to such Allotment and Allotments; and such Allotment and Allotments shall be made and assigned unto the Landlord or Landlords, and not to the Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or Lessees; and such Allotment and Allotments shall be freed and discharged from all the Righc and Interest which may or otherwise might be claimed in or to the fame by virtue of such Lease or Leases; and the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom the Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, comprized in such Lease or Leases shall belong as Landlord or Landlords, shall make such Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled to the fame under such Lease or Leases as the said General Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands direct, for the Right of Common, or any other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, appendant or appurtenant to such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, and which shall be extinguished by this Act, and for the Part or Shares of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, which shall be comprized in such Lease or Leases} and if any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall refuse or neglect to make any such Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled thereto on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the same for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Coils, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be raised and levied.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all the Messuages, Cottages, Allotments Lands, and Grounds, which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of {1Tenure* this Act, to or with any Person or Persons, for or in lieu or in respect of as the Land, any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds, holden of any Manor for ^i't[’edhey or Manors by Copy of Court Roll, or for or in respect of any Lease-hold Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, or for or in respect of any Right of Common, or any other Right or Interest appurtenant or appendant

to

*3§4

Willi and

Settlements not to be aliened.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

ro any such Copyhold or Lea'.ehcld Premises, shall, from and after the Execution of the said Award, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or Leasehold, and shall be held as such, by and under the fame Tenure, Kents, Payments, Fines, Customs, and Services, as the Copyhold or Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements respectively, for or in lieu or in relped whereof such Allotments or L.; hanges shall be made, are now held , and that all and every Perfoit or Persons to or with whom such Copyhold Lands and Premises shall be allotted or exchanged as aforesaid, shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the lame, without paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors slave and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requisite to be used for the Copies of such Admidions respectively, and such reasonable Fees to the respective Steward or S:ewatds of the said Manor or Manors, as the said General Commissioners shall by their said Award order and direct); but in case any Person or Persons, to whom such Lands and Premises shall be allotted, shall die without Admission within the said Six Calendar Months, then the customary Fines and other Payments shall be due and payable on the Admission of the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands and Prc-mises; and after every such first Admission, the Copyhold Premises so to bejallotted as aforesaid, shall ar all Times be held under and subj; ft to the fame Tenure, Fines, and other Payments, as the present Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, in lieu or in respect whereof such Lands and Premises shall be allotted, are now held under and subject to; and the said General Commissioners shall by their said Award determine, describe, and abut the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds respectively, which are to be and remain Copyhold or Leasehold; and all other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds to be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act (except what shall be so afeerrained by the said General Commissioners to be Copyhold or Leasehold) shall be from thenceforth deemed, taken, and enjoyed as Freehold Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds, subject nevertheless to such Free Rents and Services as are now payable out of the respective Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for or in respect whereof the same shall or may be allotted or exchanged.

XLII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to revoke, make void, alter or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance, out of, upon, or aflfeding any of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds to be divided, allotted, or exchanged by virtue of this Act, of any Part thereof; but that each and every Proprietor shall stand and be feiled of the several Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds, to be allotted to or exchanged with him or her as aforesaid to such and the lam? Uses, and torj such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and tire fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, and Charges, and no other, as the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds, whereof such Proprietor was seised or posselfed at or immediately before the Execution of the said Award, would have been subject to, charged with or affected by, in case this Act had not been made, or such Exchange or Exchanges had not taken place.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 751 138

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all Costs; Charges, and Expences of inclosing the Lands which shall by virtue of this Act be allot- ExpencM ted to the said Rector and Vicar respectively, in respect of the said Rec- of this Act. tory and Vicarage, and of inclosing the Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made to the Surveyors of the Highways, and to the Trustees for the Poor of the said Parishes of South Walsham Saint Lawrence and South Walsham Saint Mary respectively, and to the Commissioners for Drainage herein-after appointed, and all the Coils and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, allotting, draining, and exchanging the Lands and Premises hereby directed to be I'urveyed, measured, planned, valued, divided, allotted, drained, and exchanged, and of preparing and inrolling the said Award, and of the Copies thereof, and all the Charges and Expences of the said General Commissioners, their Assistants and Servants, and all other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said General Commissioners in and abouc the Premises, and all other Expences of carrying rhis Act into Execution (save and except such Charges and Expences as shall be incurred, by virtue of this Act, after making the said Awa'd)shall be borne, defrayed, and paid by the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested in the Premises (save and except the said Rector and Vicar of the said Rectory and Vicarage for the Time being, for or in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to them respectively in right of the said Rectory and Vicarage, and also save and except the Surveyors of the Highways, and the Trustees for the Poor of the said PariPnes of South Walsham Saint Lawrcnc'e and South Walsham Saint Mary respectively and the said Commissioners for Drainage for the Time being, for or in respect of the Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made to them respectively as aforesaid, and also lave and except such Person or Persons whose Property within the said Parishes, or either of them, shall not, in the Judgement of the said General Commissioners, exceed the yearly Value of Five Pounds at the Time of making the said Allotments) in such Shares and Proportions, at fu< h Time or Times, and to futh Person or Persons, as the said General Commissioners shall appoint; and if any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall refttfe or neglrct to pay his, her, or their Share or Shares oi the said Cods, Charges, and Expences, to the Person or Persons authorized to receive the same, at the Time or Times which shall be appoin-ed by the said General Commissioners for the Payment thereof, then and in such Cnf the said General Commissioners shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seal', directed unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, cause the same to be levied by Distress, and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refuting as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting' the Charges and Expences attending such Warrant, Distress, and Sale, to the Pcfon or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said General Commissioners, by W'riting under their Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower One or more Person or Persons to enter in o and upon the Lands and Grounds to be allotted, or belonging to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Colhgiate, so relufing or nelecting as aforesaid, and to take and receive the Rents, If [Lee. & Per -] j 6 3 sues

1386

Proprietors and their Agents to pay their own Expenses.

Moner advanced to be repaid with Interest.

Award to be nude.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

lues, and Profits of the fame Premises, until thereby or therewith the Share or Shares of the said Costs, Charges, and Expences so appointed to be paid by such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, {Corporate or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, with lawful Ime-rest thereupon from the Time the lame shall become due, and also all the Costs and Expences occasioned by or attending such Entry on, and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the fated Premises, shall respectively be fully paid and satisfied.

XL.IV. Provided also, That the said Proprietors, their Attornies, and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they or any of them, shall attend the said General Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act.

XLV. Provided also, That if any of the Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any other Person or Persons, shall advance and pay any Money in discharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining and executing 1 his Act, the Money so paid and advanced shall be repaid and satisfied by the Direction of the said General Commissioners, together with lawful Interest for the same.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That so soon as conveniently may be after the said General Commissioners shall have completed the Division and Allotments of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divined and allotted, and the Works which they shall deem necessary for draining the fame, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, they shall form and draw up an Award or Instrument in Writing, which shall asce.tam and describe the Boundaries of the said Pariffits of South Walsham Saint Lavi-ren.e and South JValJham Saint Mary respectively, and shall express and i.c-note the Quantity, in Statute Measure, of Acres, Roods, and Perches of the said Lands and Grounds, and the Quantity of each and every Part and Parcel thereof, which shall be assigned and allotted to each of the Parties entitled to or interested in the fame, and of the Parts thereof which shall be allotted for the said Surveyors of the Highways, Trustees for the Poor, and Commissioners for Drainage respectively, in pursuance of the Direuions herein contained; and shall contain aDescription of the Situation, Abuttals, and Boundaries of the fame Parcels and Allotments respectively, and of the Messuages, Cottages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds, andofthrQuantity of fuel) Lands and Grounds which shall be given or received in Exchange by any Person, or Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, by virtue of this Act t and shall ascertain and describe such Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as shall, in the Judgement of the said General Commissioners, be drained by virtue of this Act; which Parts of the said Lands and Grounds, so to he ascertained and described as last-mentioned, shall be for ever theieafrer deemed to be the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act-, and the said Award shall also contain such Orders and Directions for raising and maintaining Fences on the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to he divided and allotted, and for laying out, making, and maintaining proper Roads, Ways, Passages, Bridges, Ditches, Gates, Stiles, and Drains, over and upon the said Lands and Grounds, and also such other Orders and Regulations as the

1387

4.1° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

said General Commissioners shall think proper and necessary to be inserted in such Award, conformable to the Purport and Tenor of this Act; and the f.ud Award, with a reduced Map or Plan of the said Parishes of South IValfbam Saint Lawrence and South tValsham Saint Mary thereto annexed, shall be fairly ingrossed or written on Parchment, and signed, fealtd, and delivered by the said General Commissioners; and the said Award shall, within Six Calendar Months after the Execution thereof, be inrolled in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, so that Recourse may be had to such Inrolment by any Person or Persons intertfled in the Premises (for the Inlpcftion and Perusal whereof the Sum of One Shilling and no more shall be paid) and both Parts of the said Award, or a true Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, attested by the said General Commissioners, or by the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or by the proper Officer of the Court where the same shall be inrolled, for which Copy no more shall be paid than Two Pence per Sheet, each Sheet containing Seventy-two Words, shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained, in all Courts whatsoever; and the said Award, so inrolled as aforesaid, shall be delivered to such Person or Persons, and shall be deposited and kept in such Place or Places, as the said General Commissioners shall appoint -, and the said Award, and the several Allotments, Partitions, Exchanges, Orders, Directions, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall be, and are hereby declared to be binding and conclusive unto and upon all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, nr Collegiate, interested in and entitled unto the said Premises so to be divided, allotted, drained, and exchanged as aforesaid.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Award shall be read and executed by the said General Commissioners, in the Presence of the Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds, who may attend at a Special Gcntral Meeting to be called for that Purpose, of which Special General Meeting Ten Days Notice at the lead: shall be given in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, if then printed, and if not, then in Ionic otl.er Newspaper printed and circulated in the said County of Norfolk; which Execution of such Award Hull, on the following Sunday, be proclaimed in the Parish Churches of South Walsham Saint Lawrence and South JVaifbam Saint Mary aforesaid; and from and after loch Proclamation only, and not before, the said Award shall be and be considered as complete.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to enter in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, an Account of all Monies whatever received from the Proprietors or others during the said Division and Inclosure, and also of all the Charge-, and Expencts in the Execution of this Act, which Book or Books of Accounts shall be kept at the Office of the Clerk to the Lid General Commissioners, and shall be open at all reasonable Times during the Progress of the said Division and Inclosure, and till all the Accounts are finally settled, for the Inspection of any of the Proprietors, without Fee or Reward; and in case the said General Commissioners, or their said Clerk, shall neglect to precure and keep such Book or Books 1 of

Award to be

read in the Presence of the Pioprie. tors.

Book of Accounts to be left with the Clerk for the Proprietors Inaction.

*388 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

of Accounts, or shall refuse the Inspection thereof to any of the Proprietors at all reasonable Times, the Party or Parties so offending shall, for rvrry such Offence, fotfrit and pay any Sum not exceeding- Ten Pounus nor lei's than Furry Shillings-, and in cate of Non-payment thereof, on Conviction of the Offenders respectively on th~ Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Contrffion of the Party or Parties offending, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, the same shall be levied by Distref and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice; and all such Fines and Forfeitures shall be applied towards dif-ch.irging the Costs and Charges of executing this Act; and the Overplus of the Money raiftd by such Diltrels and Sale, after deduiling the Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, and the Expences of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for Want of sufficient Distress, and in case the Fine or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or Hoofe of Correction, there to remain, without Bailor Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fine or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, (half be sooner paid and facisfkd.

Monies received when amounting to 50/. to be put in a Banker’s Hands, orfuth other Her Jon as shall be approved by the Majority of dice Proprietors.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Monies to be raised and received under and by virtue of the Powers of this Act, until the signing of the said Award, shall, as often as the same shall amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, be paid to and deposited in the Hands of some Banker, or such other Person ct Persons as shall be approved of by a Majority in Value of the Proprietors who shall le present at the First Meeting of the said General Commissioners, and in the Notice of such Meeting shall be expressed the Intention of then appointing such Banker, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid; and no lui h Monirs deposited or paid into the Hands o; such Banker, or other Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid shall be issued or paid by him or them without an Order in Writing, signed by the said General Commissioners, specifying the Person or Persons to whom the same are respectively payable, and the Service or Consideration for which the same are to be paid; and that the Balance (if any) upon the final Settlement of all Accounts by the said Commissioners, shall be immediately repaid to the several Land Owners, Proprietors, or Persons interestrd, in Proportion to the several Sums paid and advanced by them respectively.

M)nrOrr0W,nS * And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustee or Trustees, Feoffee or Feoff es, and to and for the resprdive Owners and Proprietors of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Parishes of South Wolfram Saint Law ence and South Wolfram Saint Mary, or either of them slave and except the Rector and Vicar of the said Rectory and Vicarage for the Time being, the Surveyors of the Highways, and Trustees for the Poor of the said re-fpcCtive Parishes, and Commissioners for Drainage, in respect of any Allotment or Allotments made to him or them as Rector, \ icar. Surveyors, Trustees, or Commissioners for Drainage) and all'o to and for the

Husbands,

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75-. 1389

Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Commi tees of any of the said Owners or Proprietors being under Covetture, Minors, Idiots, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or labouring under any Dil'ability whatever; and ilfo to and for all Persons acting as Guardians, Trustees, or Committees, of any Owners or Proprietors being under any Disability or Incapacity whatever, whether such Owners and Proprietors respectively he Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under their rel'peftive Hands and Seals, to be duly executed in the Pretence of, and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to charge the Lands and Grounds allotted to them respectively by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, with any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Three Pounds for every Acre thereof, for defraying their respective Proportions of the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and executing of this Act, and of inclosing and fencing their respective Allotments- and for securing the Re-payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, to grant, mortgage, lease, and denrile, or otherwise subject the said Premises, being Freehold or Leasehold, or any Part thereof, unto any Person or Persons who shall advance and lend futh Sum or Sums of Money respectively, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years, and also to surrender the Copyhold Parr or Parts of the said Premises, unto or for the Use of any such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns; lb that every such Grant, Demise, or Surrender, be made with a Piovilo of Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be lurrendered, when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be fecuTed, with the Intc-rest thereof shall be fully satisfied and paid and lb that in every such Grant, Mortgage, Demise, or Surrender, which shall be made by such Trustee or Trustees, Feoffee or Feoffees, or by any Person or Persons interested in or entitled unto the Premises for the Term of their natural Lives only, or by his, her, or their Husband or Husbands,

Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, there be contained a Proviso or Covenant that the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Premises shall duly pay and keep down the Interest of any Sum or Sums of Money to be thereby secured, during their respective Lives, or the Lives of the Tenants in Possession of such Premises; and no Person afterwards becoming possessed of the Premises shall be liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for One Year preceding the Time that the Title to such Possession shall commence; and every such Grant, Mortgage, Demise, or Surrender of the said Premises, or any Part thereof, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the Lord or Lords, Lady or Commiinon-Ladies of the said Manor of South PValJhdm, the Rector of the said Rec- ers for Drain* tory of South Walsham, the Vicar of the said Vicarage of South Walsham age 3t'1 oint* Saint Mary for the Time being, and each and every Owner or Proprietor of Twenty Acres of Land, to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall, from and after the Execution of the Award herein directed to be made by, the said General Commissiontfs, be, and are hereby appointed Commis-\_Loc. ft? Per.] 16 C sioners

i39°

Appointment of Deputy Commissioner» for Orain-*«'

Commissionert to take an Oath or Affirmation.

Persons acting not being

?qualified, to orfeit so /.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

floners for the Purpose of draining the Lands and Grounds tifffcfltfd'tb bc drained by virtue of this Act.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every such Commissioner for Drainage, by Writing und£r his or her Hand, from Time to Time, and for such Time as' he or she shall think fit, to nominate and appoint an Agent or Deputy to ad in his or her Absence as a Commissioner for Drainage; and every such Agent or Deputy shall and may, in the Absence of the Person by whom he shall be so nominated and appointed, ad as a Commissioner for Drainage, and shall have the like Power and Authority as if the Person by whom such Agent or Deputy shall be appointed were presentj but no such Agent or Deputy shall be capable of acting as Agent or Deputy, for the Purposes of this Act, for any more than One Commissioner for Diainage at any One Time.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner for Drainage (except it be in administering the Oath or Affirmation herein after mentioned to any of the other Commissioners), until he or she shall have taken the Oath following, or being of the People called Quakers made Affirmation j (videlicet),

I A.B. do swear [or, being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly

* affirm j That I will, without Favour or Affcdion, Hatred or Malice,

truly and impartially, according to the bed of my Skill and Knowledge,

execute and perform all and every the Powers and Authorities, in the ‘ Execution whereof 1 shall at any Time ad as a Commissioner appointed

in and by an Act made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, ‘ and inclosing the Open Field, Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Tear Shack

Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes cf South Wal-

(ham Saint Lawrence and South Wallham Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the same.

‘So help me GOD.’

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful to and for any One of the said Commissioners for Drainage to administer, and such Commissioner fur Drainage is hereby required to administer the same to the other Commissioners.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall presume to act as a Commissioner for Drainage before he or she shall have taken the said Oath or made Affirmation, or if any Person, not being duly qualified as required by this Act, shall have acted, or shall have appointed an Agent or Deputy, who shall have acted as such Agent or Deputy in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign,

Protection,

139«

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

Protection, or Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance Hull be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he or she has taken such Oah, or made such Affirmation, and is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of Twenty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person has acted as a Commissionfr for Drainage in the Execution of this Act, or has appointed an Agent or Deputy, One Moiety of which Penalty shall be paid to the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Timn md Drainage shall, and they are hereby required to hold their First Meeting for carrying this Act into Execution, in the Parish of South Walsham Meeting*. Saint Lawrence or South Walsham Saint Mary aforesaid, on the First Monday in the Month which shall next happen after the Execution of the said Award by the said General Commissioners, beeween the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon; and the said Commissioners for Drainage shall meet on the First Monday in the Month of March in each anil every Year, between the Hqurs of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon, in the said Parish of South Walsham Saint Lawrence or South Walsham Saint Mary, which last-mentioned Meeting shall be called The General Annual Meeting of the said Commissioners for Drainage; and the said Commissioners for Drainage shall and may from Time to Time adjourn themselves, to meet at any convenient Place within either of the said Parishes, or within Six Miles thereof, which they the said Commissioners for Drainage, or the major Part of them present at any such Meeting shall appoint; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear a sufficient Number of the Lid Commissioners for Drainage at any such Meeting to act, or to adjourn to another Day, (Two Commissioners for Drainage to be deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment), or if they shall refuse or regleft to adjourn, or if any Two or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage, shall deem a Meeting of the said Commissioners for Drainage to be necessary or proper before the Time appointed for the then next General Annual Meeting, or Meeting by Atfjournment, of such Commissioners, then and in every or any such Case, any Two or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage, shall and may call a Meeting to be bolden within the said Parish art South Walfham Saint Lawrence or South Walsham Saint Mary by Writing under their Hands, affixed to the principal Doors of the Parish Churches of South Walfham Saint Lawrence and South Walsham Saint Mary aforesaid, and by publishing the fame in One of the Norwich Weekly Newspapers Ten Days at the lead previous to the Time of such Meeting , and no Act of the said Commissioners Jfor Drainage shall be good or valid, unless done ac feme publick Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Act > (save as may be herein excepted) , and tRat all the Powers and Authorities granted to or vested in the said Commissioner-: for Drainage, shall and may, from Time to Time, be exercised by the majqr Part of them present at any Meeting, the whole Number present at such Meeting not being less than Three'; and the said Commissioners for Drainage (lull, at all their Meetings in pursuance of this Act, be allowed. Five, Shillings each per Day, out bf ith* Monies to arise by virtue of this Act!, and no more, towards their Expences,

1392 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

so that such Allowance do not in the Whole exceed the Sum of Two Pounds per Day at every such Meeting of the said Commissioners for Diainage.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That fair and regular Entries shall be made in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purposr, of all the Acts Orders, Rules, Regulations, Diitdions, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners for Drainage, relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of the Commissioners {i t Drainage who shall be present at the respective Meetings, and the same shall be signed with the Name of the Clerk to the said Commissioners for Drainage; and all such Entries, being so signed, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever in all Cases, Suits, and Actions, touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

Af>ion< to be

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for 0°thecierk. Drainage shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk;

and that no Action that may be brought or commenced by or against the said Commissioners for Drainage, or any of them by virtue or on Account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Commissioners for Drainage, but the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners for Drainage shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be, except in such Action or Actions as shall be prosecuted between the said Commissioners for Drainage and their Clerk for the Time being, in which any One of the said Commissioners for Drainage shall or may be made Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case shall be: Provided always, That every such Clerk or Commissioner for Drainage, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid ouc of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs and Charges as by the Event of any such Proceedings he or she shall be put to, or become chargeable with, by reason of his or her being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for ’ Drainage shall and may, at their First or any subsequenc Meeting, appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer, Surveyor, and such other Officer or Officers, for the Execution of this Act, as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think proper, and from Time to Time remove them or any of them and appoint others, as they shall find necessary or convenient -, and by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, may and are hereby empowered to appoint and pay such Salaries and Allowances so such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners for Drainage employed in the Execution of this Ad, as they shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners for Drainage shall and may take such Security for the due Execution of the respective Offices by such Person and Persons as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners fur Drainage shall think proper; and all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed sts aforesaid, shall, under their Hands, at such Time and Times, and in 3 such

Entries of Vroceedingf good Evidence.

r 393

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

such Manner as the said Commtffiuners for Drainage shall itir-dh, deliver to such Commissioners for Drainage, or to Inch Person 01 P.ifons as they shall appoint, true and peifett Accounts in Wr ting of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all Monies whiih Hull have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively, received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and dif-burled, and for wliac Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Pjyments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Commilfiumrs for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said . Officers or Persons lo accounting as aforesaid shall, upon Oath, verify their said Accounts! (which Oath any of the said Commissioners for Drainage is hereby enabled to administer); and If any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or shall refuse to produce cr deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by such Commissioners for Drakiane, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or negleift to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in his Hands, to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or as they shall di.-eft or appoint, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Commissioners for Drainage may, and are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be i brought any Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers, Perk* or Perforts, lb neglecting or tefufing as aforesaid \ or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners for Drainage, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpufr, of any such Refusal or Neglectt as aforesaid, to any Two or more of the justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or retudng, shall be and rtfide, such Justices may, and are hereby authorized and required, by a W'arrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Pci ion or Persons so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before them, and upon his or their appearing, or not being found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way* and ir open the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of . any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such justices that any of the Money that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may, and are hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money 10 be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, respectively, and if no such Goods or Chattels of Officer or Officers^ Person or Persons, can be found, lufficicnc to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the fame, or if It shall appear to such Justices, upon the ConfcfSon of the Patty or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered ro administer) that any such Officer or Person shall not have made and rendered, or shall refuse to verify upon [Loc. & Per.*\ 16 D Oath

1394

Works of Drainage to be kept in Repair,

To raise Money for maintaining Works.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7$.

Oath any such Account, or shall refuse to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or shall not have delivered to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they shall have appointed, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by such Commissioners for Drainage, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Cul-tody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of Norfolk, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perftft Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners for Drainage, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint, which Composition the said Commissioners for Drainage are hereby empowered to make, and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, Vouchers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in relped thereof to the said Commissioners for Drainage.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Drainage shall be, and they are hereby fully empowered from Tune to Time, by such Agents or Persons as they shall think proper to employ, to support, maintain, repair, and improve all such Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works as shall be made Or erected by the said General Commissioners, in, through, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of draining the fame, and from Time to Time to renew such of them as shall fall into Decay, and become incapable of being repaired; and also to make and ered all such other Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works, as shall appear to the said Commissioners for Drainage to be necessary for effectually draining the said Lands and Grounds; all which Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and ocher Works to be made or erected by the said General Commissioners, or by the said Commissioners for Drainage, for the Purpose of draining the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, the Boat Dike and Staithe to be allotted to the said Commissioners for Drainage, and the Right and Property to and in the fame, and the Materials of which the same shall consist, and also the Piece or Pieces of Land to be fee out and allotted by the said General Commissioners to the said Commissioners for Drainage, for maintaining, repairing, and preserving the fame, shall be, and the fame is and are htreby vested in the said Commissioners for Drainage for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time, to insure from Fire all and every such Mills or Engines, Edifices and Buildings as shall at any Time or Times be erected by virtue of this Act.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners far Drainage shall and may from 1 fine to Time, and at all Times after the said Award of the said General Commissioners shall be made and executed, at any of their Meetings to beholden in pursuance of this Act, ash-fs, rare, tax, and charge all and every the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, with such equal and1 pro-

portionate

1395

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

pbrtionate Rates and Assessments upon their respective Parts and Shares thereof, as they the said Commissioners for Drainage shall judge neerfiary for the making, maintaining, repairing, and supporting of the several Works for the Drainage of the said Lands and Grounds, or any Pdrt thereof, and for making any necessary Alterations or Enlargements therein or thereto as Occasion shall require; all which said Rates, Taxes, and Assessments shall be collected by, and paid to such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons, and at such Times, as they the said Commffioners for Drainage shall appoint, and shall be applied by them in Discharge of all such Expences as they shall incur in the Execution of this Act.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Tenants and Occupiers of ail and singular the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall pay, and aie hereby authorized and required to pay, such Sums of Money as shall be so afifefied on the Lands in their respective Occupations, by the said Commissioners for Drainage, to the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners for Drainage, for the Purpose of receiving the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Tenant and Occupier to deduct and retain the fame out of his or her Rent or Rents-, and the several Owners are hereby required to allow such Deduction; and every such Tenant, paying such Rate or Assessment, shall be discharged of so much Money as the same shall amount to, as fully as if the lame had been paid to his or her Landlord.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall make Default in Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Sum or Sums of Money to be assessed, rated, taxed, or charged upon him, her, or them, for or in respect of such Lands or Grounds, or any Part thereof, and shall continue in fetch Default by the Space of Fourteen Days next after the Time appointed by the said Commissioners for Drainage for such Payment, and after Demand of such Rates or AffcITrntnts made by the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized to collect such Rates and Assessments, oy Writing left at the usual Place or Places of Abode of such Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers, who is, are, or ought t6 pay the same; or if such Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers, shall not have any Place of Abode within the said Parishes of South Walsham Saint Lennrenct and South JValJharn Saint Mary, or One of them, or within Two Miles of the fame, then (after Demand made by the said Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized to collect such Rates and Assessments, by Notice in Writing affixed on (ome conspicuous Part of the Premises chargeable with such Rates and Assessments) it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors,.or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage, (which Warrant or Precept such Two or more Commissioners for. Drainage are hereby empowered and required to make and give, as there shall be Occasion, though not assembled at any Meeting in pursuance of this Act) to enter into and upon all

Tenants to pay Taxes.

For Recovery of Taxes.

1396

41° GEORGII III. Cap.'7s.

or any Part of the Lands or Grounds Co rated and assessed as afore Lid, and into and upon all or any Messuages or Tenements thereupon (landing, and there, or in any Parc or Parts of the Lands, G;ourid.s, Messuages, or Tenements upan which such Entry shall be madi, to dillrain all or any such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle as shall there be found; ami it shall and may be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, or ottier Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, to impound the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle fodii-trained on any Part of the Messuages or Lands whereon the lame shall be found, or otherwise to take, lead, drive, or carry away, and keep the fame, for the Space of I’ive Days, leaving Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Distress or Distresses, at the Messuage or Tenement, Messuages or Tenements, or on some conspicuous Part of the Lands or Grounds upon which such Distress shall be taken, or otherwiseat the usual Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle; and if the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, shall not pay the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed, rated, and distrained for as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of such Warrant, and taking such Distress, and of keeping and maintaining the fame, or replevy the Goods, Chattels and Cattle so distrained, according to the Laws now in Force for Non-payment of Rent within the said Five Days, that then the said Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, shall be appraised by Two or more indifferent Persons, to be sworn by the Constable or Headborough of the Parish or Place where such Distress shall be made (who is hereby authorized and required to administer an Oath for that Purpose) to appraise the fame according to the bed of their Judgement j and that after such Appraisement as aforesaid, the said Goods, Chattels, or Cattle shall be sold by the said Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, for Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money so assessed, rated, and distrained for, and of the said Costs and Charges, and also of the Costs and Charges of appraising and felling such Distress; and that the Overplus arising from such Sale (if any) after Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money, shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle.

Lands un-

LXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any of the remain! Se- f*d Lands or Grounds to be drained as aforesaid, shall at any Time curity for the hereafter be uncenanted or unoccupied, so that no sufficient Distress can Rate*. be ma<je for levying the said Rates and Assessments, then the Lands and

Grounds chargeable therewith shall remain a Security for Payment of such Rates and Assessments, and all Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, impounded, kept, and fold in Manner aforesaid, until such Rates and Afllff-ments, and all Arrears thereof, and the Charges incident to such DistreL, shall be fully ^aid and finished.

Punishmrm

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall lor destroying wilfully and maliciously cut, damage, break down, demolish, or destroy Works- any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Sluice, or Tunnel already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained, or used, for answering the Purposes of this Aik, every Person so offending, and being convivled, shall be guilt) of Felony,

and

1397

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 7$.

and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shal' have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, may award such Sentence as the Law due els in Cases of Petty Larceny.

L.XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Perform da-wiltully or maliciously flop, dam up, or damage any Drain, Watercourse,

Dam, Bridge, Stile, or other Work or Works, which shall at any Time Sum not ex-hereafter be making or erecting, or made orere&ed, supported, maintain- Cted,nS io/* ed, or used for the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath such Justices are hereby authorized to aominister, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and such Money, when so levied, shall be paid to any One or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to their Clerk, and shall be applied towards the Discharge of the Expences attending the Execution of this Act; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall, by the said Justices, be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County of No folk, for any Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the said Justices.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds to clearS? DJwij be drained by virtue of this Act, to which any Ditch or Ditches, Drain or Drains, shall belong, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to scour, cleanse, opm, or repair any such Ditch or Drain, or to make the fame of a sufficient Depth and Width, after Fourteen Days Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, from Time to Time for that Purpose, by the Collector or other Officer to be appointed under and by virtue of this Act (such Collector or other Officer having an Order in Writing for that Purpose under the Hands of Two or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage), every such Owner or Occupier shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Shillings for every Rod of the Ditch or Drain so neglected to be scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, deepened, and widened; and it shall be lawful from Time to Time, for such Collector or other Officer to cause such Ditches and Drains, at the Charge and Expence of such Owners or Occupiers, to be scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, and deepened in a sufficient Manner, and where a Way shall have been made over any Ditch or Drain without a sufficient Tunnel, to cause such Way to be taken up, and such Ditch or Drain to be made of a proper Width and Depth, and by Warrant or Precept under the Hands of Two or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage, to levy such Penalty, and also such Charges and Expences upon such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels; and such Penalties shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

l6E

1398

No Trees to be planted, or Building erected, within aco Yards of any Engines to be erected by this Act, ex ept by Or« der of the Commi Hi on-

Herbage of Droves, ftY. to be let Annually.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Tree or Trees shall at aft? Time or Times hereafter be planted, or any Building, Stack, or Rick erected or built, except by the Older or Permission of the said Commissioners for Drainage, nearer to any Mill or Engine which shall be made, erected, or employed as aforesaid, than Two hundred Yards i and if any Tree or Trees shall be planted, or any Building, Stack, or Rick hereafter made, erected, or built, within the Distance aforesaid of any such Mill or Engine, and if the Owner or Owners of any such Tree or Trees,-Building, Stack, or Rick, shall neglect to take down and remove, or caulc to be taken down and removed, such Tree or Trees, Building, Stack, or Rick for the Spice of Fourteen Days after Notice shall have been given to him, her, or them for that Purpose, or left at his, her, or their last or ul’ual Place or Places of Abode, signed by any Three or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for Drainage to cause such Tree or Trees to be taken down and carried away, and such Building, Stack, or Rick to be pulled down and removed.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Grass and Herbage grow-irlg, arising, and renewing upon such Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as shall be vested in the said Commissioners for Drainage, shall in luture be let by the said Commis-finfters for Drainage, at their General Annual Meetings to be held as aforesaid, in case they deem it expedient to let the fame, for the bed Rent or Rents that can or may be gotten for the fame; and such Rents shall be applied by the said Commissioners for Drainage, for the general Pu poses of Drainage under this Act, in such Manner as they shall at such Annual Meetings direct.

Appeal to the

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, or Sessiom. Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said General Commissioners as are herein declared to be final or condusive, and except in such Cases wherein an issue at Law shall be tried, as herein-before mentioned), then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Norfolk, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said General Commissioners, or any Two of them, and to the Party or Parties concerned, in case the Appeal shall be made against any Act or Determination of the said General Commissioners, or to the Clerk of the said Commissioners for Drainage, in case the Appeal shall be made against any Act or Determination of the said Commissioners for Drainage, Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof , and the Justices (not incerelled in the Premises) at their said General Quarter Si (lions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make Rich Order, and award such Costs and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem rtal’onable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be (6 3 awarded,

*399

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party of Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the rea-fonableCharges of such Warrant, Distressj and Sale} and the Determination of the said Justices Hull be final and conclusive to all P. rties concerned; but in case any such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall leem reasonable, atul to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Re«,v.ryof by this A£! imposed and incurred (for the Recovery and Application J whereof no particular Method is herein-before directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant, upon the Conviction of the Party or Parties, on his, htr, or their Confession, or upon the Evidence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), and the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels} and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to th- Treasurer or Clerk of the said Commissioners for Drainage, and be applied for such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think fit j but nevertheless it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for Drainage, at any of their Meetings, to pay or cause to be paid such Part of the said Penalties or Forfeitures, not exceeding One Moiety thereof, to the Informer or Informers, as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think reasonable; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or offenders or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be com*

lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County of Norfolk, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months nor less than One Calendar Month, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the fame, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Form of Con.; Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed vlc,‘on* again!! this Act, or any Matter in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following j (chat is to say).

dE it remembered. That on this Day of

‘ Year of the Reign of

A.B. is convicted before

His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

in the of

(V County

03

l4°o

proceedings not to be qu allied lor Want of Form, nor removable by Ciriuran.

Distress not unlawful for Want of Form.

Limitation of Actions.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

as tie Cafe jkall happen] of having [as the Offence shall be] and I for,

‘ WcJ the said do adjudge him {[her, or thrmj to forteit

and pay for the fame the Sum of Given under

my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year

aforesaid *.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Determination, Judgement, Conviction, Warrant or other Proceeding to be had touching the C n-viction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order, Rate, or Assessment to be made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted, in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be quaffed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Statute, Law, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Tax, Rate, or Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself ffall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on Account of any Deleft or Want of Form in the Rate or Assessment to be made, or in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant, Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor ffall the Party or Parties dif-training be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons so aggrieved by such Irregularity, ffall and may recover full Sacisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, until after Thirty Days Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Party or Parties aggrieved, ffall have been given to the Party or Parties complained of, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, thereby setting forth the Cause of such Action or Suit; nor after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof ha:h been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, or the Cause of such Action ffall have arisen; and every Action commenced and prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be brought and laid in the said Coumy of Norfo.k, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit ffall and may plead, at his or their Election, specially, or the General Issue, and if in Replevin may justify and avow by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance or by Authority of this Act; and if upon the Tiial of such Action or Suit it ffall appear to have b :n so done, or that such Action or Suit ffail be brought before the Expiration of Thirty Days next alter such Notice ffall have been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited

I4CI

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

for bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every of the said Cases the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants-, and in all Cases where a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, in any such Action of Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame, after the Defendant or Defendant shall have appearedthereto, or shall be nonfuil-ed, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and inevery such case the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Double Costs, and have such and the like Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, hath or have for recovering the Costs of Suit in any other Cafe by Law.

LXXV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall de- Saving the feat, lessen, or prejudice, or be construed to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Right, Title, or Interest of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of non. the Manors herein mentioned, or any of them, for the Time being, in or to the Seigniories, Royalties, Rights, and Services incident and belonging to the said Manors respectively; but that such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors for the Time being, shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Mines,

Goods and Chattels of Felons, Fugitives, Felons of themselves, Persons put in Exigent, Deodands, Waifs, Estrays, Forfeitures, and all other Royalties, Jurisdictions, Rights, and Pre-eminences whatsoever to the said Manors or any of them, or to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies thereof for the Time being respectively, incident, appendant, appurtenant, belonging, or in anywise appertaining, (save and except such Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and such Rights of Common of Pasture, and other Rights of Common and Interests, as before the passing of this Act belonged to, or could or might have been claimed or exercised by such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, in, over, or upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds) in as full, large, ample, and beneficial Manner, as he, she, or they could or might have held and enjoyed the fame in case this Act had not been passed.

[General Saving.]

LXXVI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His General Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Sj,nK' Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (except the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred and destroyed, and all Persons respectively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them) all such Right, Title, and Interest, which they, every, or any of them could or ought co have had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, in case this Act had not been passed.

---

1402 41° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

[Publick Act.]

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

