A

COLLECTION

OF THE

PUBLIC LOCAL AND PERSONAL

STATUTES,

PASSED IN THE

Forty-second Year

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE the THIRD

Being the SECOND SESSION of the FIRST PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty.

1802.

A

TABLE

OF

All the STATUTES passed in the SECOND Session of the FIRST Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

42° GEO. III.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

[Table of public acts removed.]

A TABLE of the STATUTES

PUBLIC LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

1. AN Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering late and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of South Molton in the County of Devon. 3

2. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester and Hereford, and also the Roads leading from the Knowle Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury in the said Counties. 9

3. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Road from the West End of Seend Street to the Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road; and for making an additional Road from the said Road in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the Devizes Turnpike Road, at or near Somerham Brook, the same Chap dry, all in the said County. 21

---

4. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts; the One passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads leading from and near the Borough of Truro in the County of Cornwall, and for building and keeping in Repair a Bridge over the River at a Place called the Steppings, in or near the said Borough; and the other, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Provisions of the said former Act to the several other Roads therein described. 25

5. An Act for repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town of Ramsgate, in the Hie of Thanet, in the County of Kent; and for suspending and varying, for a limited Time, so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Toll Gate, and to the Tolls now payable by virtue of the said Act, on the Road leading from the said City of Canterbury to the Isle of Thanet. 37

6. An Act for repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the 1'own and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent. 7 7

(Public Local & Personal) 420 GEO. IN.

7. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bidge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road over Darky Bridge to Cross Green, and also the Road leading out of the said laid last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Rowcfley Bridge; all in the County of Derby. 109

8. An Act for repairing, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Shire Hall in the Town and Port of Woodbridge, to the Broad Street in the Town and Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk. 117

9. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty sevent h Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfield in the County of Sussex, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish of Weltham in the said County, and for more effectually repairing the said Road; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Side Gate on the Horse Bridge Turnpike Road, in the Parish o/’Hellingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cross-in-Hand to Burwalh in the said County. 141

10. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the First and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Hcl-stone, and Mar a Aon, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge. 149

11. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Wastes, within the Manor and Parish of Barkeswell in the County of Warwick. 153

12. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Wilmslow Bridge in IVilmJIow, in the County of Chester, through Nether Alderly and the Town of Congleton, to or near the Red Bull in Church Lawton, in the said County. . 169

13. An Act to enlarge the Powers and explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the letter repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts there, and regulating the Nightly JVatch and Bedels within the said Parish; and for paving, repairing, and regulating certain Footways, Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places in the said Parish; and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein. 177

14. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the T wentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads therein

A TABLE of the STATUTES

mentioned, as relates to the Road leading from the Cross of Hand near Fin-ford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford, 209

15. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the fame relate to the Road from Leeds to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York. 217

16. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of feve-

ral Acts, passed in the Eleventh, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shoredtcb Church through Hackney to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlejix. 225

17. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of Two x\fts, p.'.ITed in the Second and Seventeenth Years of the Reign, of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saitcfh in; County of Cornwall. 229

18. An Act for bu lding a new Gaol for the County of Galway and for dialing Lands sufficient for the fame, and for other Purposes relating the re:

, a s . ai3

19. An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Gr within the several Parishes of Downham Market, Wimbotfham, Stow B~

and Denver, in the County of Norfolk. 249

20. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty 11,1 r

of Mis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a 1 -

gable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the county of oah/p ;o the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, arid , so for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Cana ', as retrains the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal from taking Tonnage on Coals, Coak, Culm, Lime, or Limgftone, upon a Part of the said Canal j and for authorizing the said Company of Proprietors to rape a Sum of Money to make up the Amount of their original Subscription; and for further amending the several Acts palfed, relative to the making of the said Canal. 273

21. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of

Two Acts passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the EaltSide of Barnfey Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross, and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh, to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for Two hundred Yards over and beyond the fame Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthorne, in the said County. 289

15 22. An

(Public bccal £r Personal) 42° GEO. III.

2jr. An Act for'dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields,. Marffi Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the

, Parish of Runbam, in the County of Norfolk. 297

2j, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, One passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of llis late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from llorsham, in the County of Sussex, through Capell, Dorking, Mickle-born, and Leatherhead, to the Watch House in Lblisham, in the County of Surrey; and from Capell to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey 321

24. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual so much of an Act,

passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen lands and Low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers or Drains called Stoke River, and Brandon River, and a certain Level or District called Feltwell New District, and The Hard Land:, of Woodhall-in-Helgay, and Helgay, in the Counties 0/f Norfolk aWSulFolk, as relates to the Fen and Low Grounds lying within the Second District or Division described in the said Act. 325

25. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the

Trent to the Me fey, to make Railways, to alter the Course of the Railway front Froghall to Caldon, and Part of the Course of the Canal from Froghall to Uttoxeter; and to amend the Trent and Meifcy Canal Acts. 357

26. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of

Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the lame relate to the Roads*from Otlcy to Skipton, in the County of York, and from Ski-ton aforesaid to Colne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for altering the Course or Direction of certain Parts of the said Road from Otley to Skipton aforesaid. 373

27. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts for

laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs th?reof- . s ;, L: . ’ ! ' 3s 5

28. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Seven-

teenth Year of His; present Majesty's Reign, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of St. Mary Iflinvton, in the County of Middlesex. . 3S9

29. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving certain Open

Meadows^ Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Manor or Parish of Alrewas, in the County of Stafford. 393

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Tract of Common and

Waste Lands, called Rhojhirwaun, situate in 'he several Parishes of Aber-daron, Llmfaelrbys, and Bryncroes, in the County of Caernarvon. 417

.31. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields,

Stinted Palture, and Common, within the Parish of Richmond, in the North Riding of the County of York. 433

32. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kempflon, in the County of Bedford. 445

33. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two several Acts, of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and of the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purpol'es therein mentioned. 469

34. An Act for inclosing and improving Mountjoy Square in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Dublin. 473

35. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Somersetshire

Coal Canal Navigation, to vary and alter the Lines of the said Canal; to raise Money for completing the said Canal and Works; and to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal. 4S1

36. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first: Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Westwood Gate in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rufhden and Higham Ferrers, and over Artle-borough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton. 525

37. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of Three several Acts passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Toll Gate in the Parish of Kettering, through the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and through Olney, over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks; and for repairing and widening or rebuilding the said Sherrington Bridge. 533

38. An Act for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keep-

ing in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Horse Fair, in the Town of Banbury in the County of Oxford, through Swalcliffe in the said County of Oxford, and through Bruiles in the County of Warwick, to the Bridge eroding the River Stour, in the Parish of Barchejion in the said County of Warwick. 541

39. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

(Public Local & Personal) 42° GEO. III.

the Road from Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the County of Chester; and for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road branching out of the said Road at a Place called Pwll-y-rbuuyd, in the said County of Denbigh, to the Borough of Holt, in the same County. 569

40. An Act for making and maintaining a new Road, to extend from or near

to a Place called Beattock, in the Parish of Kirkpatrick Juxta, in the County of Dumfries, by the Boroughs of Lochmaben and Annan, to the River of Sark, at or near to the present Bridge there. 577

41. An Act for vesting several Messuages and Hereditaments in Sheffield in the County of York, and divers detached Parts of the settled Estates of the Most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in Trustees, upon Trull to fell; and for laying out the Monies, in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, and otherwise. 597

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and appropriating the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, within the Manor or Township of Egton with Newlandin the Parish of Ulverston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 625

43. An Act for improving the Tinmouth Cattle Light House and Light;

and for authorizing additional Light Duties in respect of such Improvement. 641

44. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of

Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, through Burton-upon-Trcnt, in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tutbury, in the said County. 649

45. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from a Place cal-

led 'The Crown Hill, in the Town of Newent, in the County of Gloucester, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Hereford, towards Newn-ham, in the County of Gloucester; and also another Road leading from the Bottom of Kilcott Hill, in the Parish of Newent aforesaid, towards the Town and Forest of Deane, in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch from the same towards Ledbury, in the County of Hereford. 657

46. An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the Will of the Honourable

Richard Walpole to fell certain Parts of his Copyhold Estates, in the County of Norfolk, for the Payment of his Debts. 68 5

47. An Act for building and nraintaing a House of Correction in and for the City and County of Aberdeen, and for raising a Fund for defraying the Charges of apprehending, prosecuting, and fubfilling Criminals, Rogues, and Vagabonds, found within the said City and Liberties thereof. 693.

48. An Act for opening several new Streets in the Town of Kilmarnock and County of Ayr; for altering and widening some of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages within the said Town; for building Two new Bridges over the Water of Kilmarnock-, for removing the present Slaughter-houses in the said Town, and building new ones, and a Town-hall, and Guard-house; for enlarging and repairing the Gaol or Tolbooth; for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Town; for paving the said Town and Places adjoining thereto, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein;

F and

A TABLE f the STATUTES

and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said Town over certain adjacent Lands. 79

49. An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal, and other Works, which by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London, were directed to be made and done by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled. 741

50. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for draining the Loit) Grounds and Carrs lying in the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, of Keyingham, Keyingham Marsh, Ryhill and Camerton, Burftwick and Skeckling, Burton Pidfea, and Ridgmont, Ottringham, Halfham, Owftwick, Roofs, Ritnfwell, Tunrtall, Waxholme, Elfternwick, Le'ley, Humbleton, Fitting, Hilfton, Garton, Albroughj Flinton, and Tanfterne, within the Seigniory of Holderness, and East Riding of the County of York; and to render more effectual the Drainage of all and singular the Lands and Grounds within the said several Parishes, Townships, and Places, and within all other Townships, Hamlets, and Places, within or Parcel or Member of the several Parishes mentioned, or any of them, respectively. 749

5t. An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from, or nearly from, Porthaetbwy Ferry, othe’rwife called Bangor Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon, to or near to Pentre Voelas, in the Parish of Llamfydd, in the County of Denbigh. 789

52. An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of Stephens Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop’s Waltham, in the said County, and from the said City of Winchester, through Ottorborne to Ear Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, as relates to the South District of the Southampton Road. 821

53. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of John IFilliams Esquire, devised

by the Will of Pc dehorn Williams Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging an Incumbrance thereon. 829

54. An Act for vesting the Entirety of certain Hereditaments in the County of Middlesex, and an undivided Moiety of certain other Hereditaments, in the same County, respectively devised, in drift Settlement, by the Will of John Lcfcvrc Esquire, deceased, in Charles Shaw Lefevre Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling the Entirety of certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses. 845

55. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigtown; and for the more effectually amending, widening, altering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the High Bi idge of

(Public Local ft? Personal) 420 GEO. III.

Cree, by Newton Douglass, Glenluce, and Stranraer, to Port Patrick, and from Stranraer to the Confines of the County of Ayr near the Cairn e/'Lochryan; and for levying a Converson Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County. 861

56. An Act for enlarging the present, or providing an additional Workhouse for the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, for raising Money for that Purpose; for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; and for the better Relief, Government, and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish. 885

57. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her iate Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for the better Employment and maintaining the Poor there, so far as the fame relates to the erecting a new Workhouse within the said City and County, for the better Maintenance of the Poor thereof. 913

58. An Act for draining, preserving from Water, and improving, certain

Low Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Parishes or Chapelries of Wookey, Westbury, Rodney-Stoke, Wedmore, Mear, JVeare, Nyland, Badg-worth, Biddisham, Eaf Brent, South Brent, Cheddar, Axbridge, Compton Bishop, Loxton, Bleadon, Brean, Berrow, and Lympfimm, all in the County of Somerset; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the River Axe, within the said Parishes of Bleadon, Lympsham, Loxton, Eaf Brent, Compton Bishop, Biddisham, Badgworth, IVeare, and Axbridge, some or One of them, above and from a certain Place called Southern Mead Barrs, situate within the said Parish of Bleadon. 925

59. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, ‘An Act for amending and widening the Reads leading from Stretford’s Bridge, in the County of ILreford, to the New Inn in the Par if of Winflanflow, in

the County of Salop, and also the Road from Bluemantle Hall, near Mortimer’s

Cross, to Aymstrey, in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing

fa much of an Act, made in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Mortimer’s Cross to Aymltrey

‘ Bridge.’ 957

60. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of several Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, so far as the fame relate to the Road from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Cutham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County. 9^ t

61. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Brighton,

A TABLE of the STATUTES

within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Bars at Houghton within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch aforesaid, being the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned. 973

62. An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the

Road leading from Worthing, in the l’arish of Broadwater, in the County of Sussex, by Finden, Wajhingtoh Hill Rock, and Ashington Common, to Dial Post, and from thence, by Nep Cajl/e and Raybridge Lane, to the Stcyning Turnpike, at West Grinfled Park, in the said County. 981

63. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End, in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for more tffedually repairing and improving the said Roads, and for lighting and watching, or guarding the fame; and also for increasing the Compositions payable in lieu of Statute Duty, by the Parishes of East Greenwich and Saint Paul Deptford, to the Treasurer of the said

Roads. 1009

64. An Act for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road leading from the South End of Brown’s Lane, in the Parish of Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Bedford Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Lavendon, in the County of Buckingham. 1049

63. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, One passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone, at the Upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place called Tubbs Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrook, in the said County. 1077

66. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads in the County of Carmarthen, so far as relate to the Kidwelly District of Roads therein mentioned; for discharging the Trustees from the Care of a Part of the Roads within the said District; and for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North Side of a Bridge called Pont-y-Gribcnlwydar-Gwilty to a Bridge called Pont-ar-ddy-lais, and from thence to the River Loucher, in the Parish of Llanedy, in the County of Carmarthen. 1085

67. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a Settlement, made by the Right Honourable John late Earl of Bute, and the Right Honourable Mary Wort-fey, late Countess of Bute and Baroness Mountjhiart, his Wife, both de-ceafea. 1093

68. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of George Silvertep Esquire, in Pent Island, otherwise Pont Ealand, in the County of Northumberland, and Win-

lalon

(Public Local & Personal) 42" GEO. III.

laton in the County of Durham, in Trustees to be sold; and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in or toward the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of John Silv&top Esquire, deceased; and for annexing the Rectory and Tythes of the Parish Church of Bywell Saint Peter, in the said County of Northumberland, held by a Lease for Twenty-one Years, to the Uses of the Will of the said late John Silvertop; and for vesting in the said George Silva top several Parts or Shares of certain Coal Mines or Collieries in Stella Kyo-Field, Chopwell, and the Parish of Ryton, in the said County of Durham, heretofore belonging to the said John Silvertop, mostly held by the like Tenure; and for enabling the said George Silvertop to charge Part of the settled Estates with the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, and to authorize the Executors of the said John Silvertop to pay to the said George Silvertop the Sum of Two hundred and thirty-five Pounds, and deliver to him the Household Furniture, and other Goods and Chattels, for his own Benefit; and also for vesting his Estate in Minsler Acres in the said County of Northumberland, in Trustees, to certain Uses, and to the Uses of the said Will. ttoi

69. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste

Lands, in the Parish of Ilenllan, in the County of Denbigh. 1137

70. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Moor or Common, Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of Mickleton, and Parish of Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York. 1149

71. An Act for enabling certain Persons in the Town and Port of LiverpooU

in the County Palatine of I.anoafter, to erect an Exchange there for the Accommodation of themselves, and the Merchants and others concerned in Tradfe in the said Town and Port; and for incorporating the Proprietors thereof. 1165

72. An Act for completing the rebuilding of the Tower of the Parish Church

of Saint Anne, within the Liberty of Westminster in the County of Midol lef ex, and a new Vestry Room, Watch House, Engine House, and Vaults, for the Use of the said Parish, and for repairing the said Church, improving the Church Yard, and making certain Regulations relating to the said

Parish. 1181

73. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution

Three several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth, Thirty-eighth, and in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, and for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill; and for raising on the Credit of the Orphan’s Fund a Sum of Money for those Purposes; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of the said Acts. 1217

74. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons,

and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Latfield and Sutton, in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the said Commons and Waste Grounds. 1229

75. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts passed respecting several Roads near the Borough of Ashbur-

G ton.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

ton, and the Town of Newton Bushell; and for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a 1’lace called Moor’s Barn to the End of White Hill Lane, in the Parish of Highwick; and for making and maintaining a Road from the Bottom of Dean Clapper Hilt, at the West End of the Village of Dean Prior, in the Purish ot Dean Prior, through the Village of Dean Church Town, ami from thence through the Parishes of Rattery and South Brent to Brent Bridge, all in the County of Devon. 1257

76. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stone’s End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes. 1269

77. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of several Acts, passed in the First and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the First, the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Seventh and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hartwell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road, in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the Highway between Tyburn and Kenfngton Gravel Pits. 1305

78. An Act for enabling Trustees to make Exchange of a Messuage and other

Hereditaments at Scawby, in the County of Lincoln, (Part of the settled Estates of John Uppleby Esquire), for a Messuage and other Hereditaments at Wooton, in the said County of Lincoln. I3I3

79. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common

Arable Fields, Commons, Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts. 1325

80. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from or from near a certain Place called The Flats, in the Parish of Llanelly, in the County of Carmarthen, to or near to certain Lime Rocks, called CaJlell-y-Garreg, in the Parish of Llanfihangel-aberbythick, in the said County; and for making and maintaining a Dock or Baton at the Termination of the said Railway or Tram Road, at or near the said Place called The Flats. 1337

81. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, One passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Barrs at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, to Ivetfey Bank. in the

7 County

(Public Local & Personal) 42" GEO. III.

County of Stafford, and from thence to Castle Bromwich and Stone Bridget in the Parish of Hampton-in-Arden, in the County of Warwick, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, in the same County; so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads heading from a Place called The IFelff Harp, in the Township of Stonnall, in the said County of Stafford, to Stone Bridge, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, being the Fourth District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned. 1385

82. An Act to enlarge the Term, and to amend, alter, and vary the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Eleventh l~ear of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing and amending the Roads from Liverpool to Prefect, Aduon, and Warrington, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and to vary certain Parts of the Line of the said Roads. 1393

83. An Act for widening, altering, improving, and repairing, the Road leading from Afreton, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Derby. 1405

84. An Act for exchanging the settled Estate of Sir George Beeston Prefcott

Baronet, in the County of Chester, for another Efface of greater Value in the County of Flint, to be settled in lieu thereof. 1441

85. An Act to enable the High Court of Chancery to authorize and empower the Devisees in Trull under the Will of John Glover late of King Street, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, to grant a Lease for the Term of Ninety-nine Years of the Messuage or Tenement therein mentioned, being Part of the Edate devised by the said Will, pursuant to an Agreement therein recited, or for such shorter Term of Years, and upon such other Conditions, as to the said Court shall seem reason-

able. 1453

86. An Act for feuing the Glebe of the Parish of the Barony of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark. , 1461

87. An Act for exonerating and discharging Parcel of the PossessionS of the

Prebendary of the Prebend of Prces otherwise Pipa Minor, founded in the Cathedral Church of Litchfield, in the County of Stafford, of and from a certain Lease made thereof; and for authorizing the Sale of the Mines and Minerals within the Premises comprized in such Lease, and for other Purposes. 1465

88. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fiff, and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof, and to protect and encourage Fiffermen, as limits the Number of Fish to be sold by Wholesale within the said City of London; and for the better Regulation of the Sale of fish by Wholesale in the Market of Billingsgate, within the said City. 1481

89. An Act to remove Doubts as to certain Acts relating to the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and to revive and continue an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admeufurement of Coals

within

A TABLE of the STATUTES

within the Limits aforesaid, and to indemnify all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the Laid Ad. 1489

90. An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, clearing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the King's Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obfiruftions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for better J'upptying the said Town with Water, and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of Maidstone; and for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act. 1493

91. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and fiablishing publick Quays or Wharfs at Kingston-upon-Hull, for the better f curing His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of Kingston-upon-Hull; for making a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port \ and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty's Customs at the said Port for those Purposes, and for fiablishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Kingston-upon-Hull; and also for making additional Basons or Docks at Kingston-upon-Hull, with an Entrance into the fame from the River Humber, and for granting certain Lands belonging to His Majesty in Aid of the said Works. 1501

92. An Act for amending, altering, and extending the Powers of the several Acts of Parliament now in Force, for supplying the City of Dublin with Water, and for making better Provision for that Purpose. 1533

93. An Act for vesting divers Estates in the Parishes of Bradford and Calver-

ley, in the West Riding of the County of York, purchased for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the Bradford Canal Navigation, in Trustees, upon certain Trulls, discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the Laws or Statutes of Mortmain. 1549

94. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for improving the Navigation of the River Medway, from the Town of Maidstone, through the several Parishes of Maidstone, Boxley, Allington, and Aylesford, in the County of Kent; and for the better and more effectually improving the Navigation of the said River. 1561

95. An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields,

Half Year’s Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saxelby, in the County of Lincoln, and Townships of Harby and Broadholm, in the County of Nottingham. 1613

96. An Act to empower the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Councilmen* of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, to take down the Bridge over the River JVitham, in the said Borough, and to ered a Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said Borough, and to open and make proper Avenues, Ways, and Passages thereto, and to enlarge and

improve

(Public Local Personal) 42° GEO. III.

improve the Gaol and House of Correction within the said Borough, and to purchase and take down l'everal Houses for the Purposes aforesaid. 1633

97. An Act for making and repairing the Road from causeway Head near Stirling, through the County of Clackmannan, by the Foot of the Ochil Hills and by West Saline and Crofsfoord, towards fuecnsferry, and certain Roads branching out of the fame; and for converting the Statute Labour in the said County of Clackmannan. 1649

98. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of several Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and amending the Roads from the Town of Uttoxeter to the Town of Newcastle-under-Lynie, and from Cliffe Bank to Snape Marsh, and also from Lower Lane to Hem Heath, all in the County of Stafford. 1681

99. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, /hi Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Moot Hall in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Braffington, at or near to a Place called The Cross in the Hand, on Hulland Ward, and also the Road from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor to Mat-lock Bath, at or near to a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of Derby. 1693

joo. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts heretofore passed, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stonebridge, in the County of Warwick. 1^9J

101. An Act for making and maintaining, and for watching, lighting, and

watering a Road from the West India Docks in the lfte of Dogs to communicate with a Street called Church Lane, or Church Street, Whitechapel, and for making and maintaining a Branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlesex; for opening, widening, and improving certain Streets and Passages therein mentioned, and for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street into the Back Lane, in the said County of MiJdlefx. 1705

102. An Act for authorizing the Persons therein named to concur on the Part

of Peter de Salis Esquire, and the other Persons entitled under the Settlement executed by Jerome de Salis Esquire, and Mary his Wife, and the Will of the said Mary de Salis, in making a Partition of certain Estates late of the Right Honourable Susanna Viscountess Fane, situate in the Counties of Armagh, Limerick, and Tipperary, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland. 1781

103. An Act for vesting certain Trust Estates, Stocks, Funds, and Secu-

rities, of which John Beardsworth Esquire and Thomas Williams Esquire, were Trustees, in James Palmer Hobbs Esquire and George Burley Gentleman. 1797

A TABLE of the STATUTES

104. An Act to enable John Skynner Esquire and Bigoe Charles Williams

Gentleman, on Behalf of John Perry and James Perry Infants, who are entitled to undivided Shares in certain Copyhold Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate within the Manor of Tottenham otherwise Totten-hnlly in the Parish of Saint Parer as, in the County of Middlesex, late the Estate of Catherine Whitehead deceased, to concur with the Owners of the several other undivided Shares of the fame Copyhold Hereditaments in making a Partition and Division thereof; and to enable the said John Skynner and Bigoe Charles Williams to fell or mortgage a competent Part of the Shares of the said Infants therein, and to apply the Money arising the reby, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, for the Maintenance and Advancement of the said Infants, to make such Surrenders of their Shares as may be necessary. 1813

105. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of John Paul

Esquire, situate in the County of Wilts, in John Paul Paul Esquire, in Fee Simple, discharged from the Uses and Trulls of the said Will, in Exchange for an Estate in the County of Gloucester, and for veiling the Residue of the said devised Estates, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. 1825

106. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships or Hamlets of Sewerby and Marton, and within the Manor of Setverby cum Marton, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County olTork. 1849

107. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Ings, Carr, Common and Waste Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Flixton otherwise Flceceton, in the Parish of Folkton, in the East Riding of the County of York. 1865

108. An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act,

passed in the Lift Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for dividing, and allotting, a certain Fen, called Wildmore Fen, in the County of Lincoln; and for divining, allotting in Severalty, and inclosing, the parochial or general Allotments set out, or to be set out, in purfuaace of the said Act, for compensating for the Tythes of such Allotments, and for declaring and determining to what Parish or Parishes the several Allotments of the said Fen shall belong. 1885

100. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Shitlington and llohvcll, in the County of Bedford, 1903

110. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Wirksworth, in the County of Derby, for protecting certain Spiings situate on the said Commons and Waste Lands, and for the better l'ecuring a Supply of Water

14 for

(Public Local £? Personal) 42" GEO. III.

for the Use of the Inhabitants of the-Town of Wirksworth, in the said County. ttydg

111. An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the Seventh and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Itchin, in the County of Southampton. 1953

112. An Act for building and maintaining a Harbour and Pier at the Town

and in the Parish of Thurso, in the County of Caithnef. 1985

113. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of

His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious and for better regulating the Port of London, so far as the fame relates to the Concerns of the IVcJi India Dock Company thereby established, and for extending to other Objects the Compensations directed to be made by the said Act. 2013

114. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Boat

Pool of Dairy in the Glenkenns to the Port and Town of Kirkcudbright, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright. 2033

115. An Act for making and maintaining certain Railways to communicate

with the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation, and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of that Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money to complete their Undertaking; and for explaining and amending the Acts, passed in the Thirty-second and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, relating thereto. 2073

116. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the

Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual draining the Lands lying in the Level of Ancholme, in the County of Lincoln, and making the River Ancholme navigable from the River Humber, at or near a Place called Ferraby Sluice, in the County of Lincoln, to the Town of Glamford Briggs, and for continuing the said Navigation up or near to the said River from thence to Bishop Briggs, in the said County of Lincoln. 2109

117. An Act for the more effectually amending, widening, improving, and

keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of Durham, through Berwick-upon-Tweed, to Lammerton Hill, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick; and also for eroding Two Bridges over the River Tweed, and for making Two Roads from the said Bridges to the Road leading from Berwick aforesaid to Cornbill, in the said County of Durham. 2125

118. An Act for vesting divers Freehold and Leasehold Messuages, Pieces or Parcels of Ground, and Hereditaments, situate in several Parishes in the County of Middlesex, heretofore the Estates of Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Father, and Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Son, both deceased, and several Leasehold Messuages in the same County, heretofore the Estate of Sarah Otway Widow, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, and for applying the Purchase Money

according

A TABLE of the STATUTES

leeording to the Directions of the said Court, such Directions to he given upon Application in a luminary Way. 2161

19. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons, and other Commonable and Walle Lands, within the Parish of Ctningjby otherwise Conejby, in the County of Lincoln. 2201

PRIVATE

(Private) 42° GEO. III.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. \ N Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Corn-

mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of East Tuddenham in the County of Norfolk.

2. An Act for enabling the Honourable Barbara Cockayne Mcdlycott to take and use the Surname and Arms of Mcdlycott, pursuant to the Will of her Grandfather, Thomas Mcdlycott Esquire, deceal’ed.

3. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Bluhm.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Bertrand de Boubee dc Brouquens.

5. An Act for naturalizing Sebastian Friday.

6. An Act for naturalizing Herman Gerhard Hilbers.

7. An Act for naturalizing Fierce Joseph Amand Lclievre.

8. An Act for naturalizing faac Aldebcrt and Charles Christian Becker.

9. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Schroder.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Warren, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hayneford in the County of

Norfolk.

11. An Act for naturalizing John dime Delord.

12. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Walle Lands, within the Parish of Sneaton in the North Riding of the County of York.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Handsworth in the West Riding of the County of York.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, Doles, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Filby in the County of Norfolk.

15. An Act for dividing, exchanging, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands and Fields, within the Parish of Pitney otherwise Pitney Lortie, in the County of Somerset.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting', and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Finingham and Gijlingham in the County of Suffolk.

17. An Act for naturalizing Johann Henrich Albers.

18. An Act for naturalizing Albert Wittenberg.

19. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Hamlet or Liberty of Buckland, in the Parish of Buckland in the County of Berks.

I

20. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Fen Grounds, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Horningsca in the County of Cambridge.

si. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wooburn in the County of Buckingham.

22. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Mortimer Common, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Stratfeld Mortimer in the Counties of Berks and Hants.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, within and belonging to the Hamlet and Tything of Broughton otherwise Drakes Broughton, in the Parish of Holy Cross, in Perjhore in the County of Worcester.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors of Troddermain, Walton Wood, Asher-ton, and Lanercoji, all in the Parish of Lanercojl in the County of Cumberland.

25. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Hamlets or Tythings of West A/Ion otherwise West Tafion, 2nd Middleton, in the Parish of Long Parish in the County of Southampton.

26. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Crcpwell Bishop otherwise Great Cropwell in the County of Nottingham.

27. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Lammas and Commonable Meadows, Heaths, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Pakenham in the County of Suffolk.

28. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Ellingham, Broome, Kirby Cane, and Geldejlone, in the County of Norfolk.

29. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meado’vvs, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sawston in the County of Cambridge.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Baldwin Brigbtwell in the County of Oxford.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several and respective Manors and Townships of Silkstone, Hoyland Swaine, and Caw-thome, in the Parish of Silkstone in the West Riding of the County of York.

33. An

(F/ivjie) 4?.° GEO. III.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece or Parcel of Common Pasture Land, called Sot her ton Moor, in the Parish ol Sitberion in the County of Suffolk.

33. An Act for naturalizing Uenrich KoH'c.

34. An Act to enable John Duke of Argyll, to exchange certain Lands, Parts of his entailed Estate in the Shire of Argyll, for certain other Lands belonging to him in Fee Simplcj lying in the Shires of Argyll and Clackmannan.

35. An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing, aliening, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and IVaJle Lands, ithin the Parishes of Kempsford and Dryflield in the County of Gloucester; and for enlarging and extending the Powers of the Commissioners in the said Act named.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Abbotts Morton in the County of Worcester.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Hargrave in the County of

Northampton.

38. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Land?, in the Parish, Township, or Hamlets, of Weston by Welland and Sutton Baffctt, in the County of Northampton.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract of Common or Waite Land, called Oakfey Common, situate within, or belonging to, the Manor of Oakfey in the County of Wilts.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the whole Year or every Year Lands, Common Fields, Halt Year or Shack Lands, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Barton in the County of Suffolk.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township or Hamlet of Up-Lambourne, in the Parish of Chipping Lambourne in the County of Berks.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Arabic Lands, and for dividing, allotting, and5laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Harwell in the County of Berks.

43. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Christchurch and Parish or Chapelry of Holdenhurst, in the County of Southampton.

44. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

44. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, she Common Field, Wades, and other Commonable Lands, in the Township or Hamlet of Everton, with the Parish of Everton cum Tctwcrth, in the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, and Cambridge, foine or One of them, and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within the Township or Hamlet of Everton aforesaid.

45. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Division or Hamlets of Cleckheaton and Scholes, in the Manor and Township of Cleckheaton, in the Parish of Bir-Jlall in the Wed Riding of the County of York.

46. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands dying within the Manor or Manors of Nuneaton and Stocking ford, in the Parish of Nuneaton in the County of Warwick, and also a certain Stinted Padure in Nuneaton aforesaid, called The Cottiers otherwise Cottagers Piece.

47. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Merthyr Tydvil, in the County of Glamorgan, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory.

48. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Arable Field, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish and Manor of West Horsley in the County of Surrey.

49. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow, Common Down, and other Open and Common Lands and Wade Ground, within the Manor of Manningford otherwise Manningford Bohun, in the Parish of Wilsford in the County of Wilts.

50. An Act for naturalizing fames Lewis Du Mont.

51. An Act for confirming a Feu Contract made between Oliver Colt Esquire, as Tutor of Law to John Hamilton Colt his Nephew', an Infant, and David Mufhet, of certain Parts of the Lands of Eastern and Western Garturk, situated in the County of Lanark in North Britain.

52. An Act for confirming the Sale and Conveyance to John Feilden Esquire,

of certain Estates in the County of Chester, devised by the Will of Thomas Hunt Esquire, deceased, and for fubdituting and settling in lieu thereof certain Estates of Anna Maria Hunt, in the County of Cornwall; and for vesting the Purchase Money for the said Estates in the County of Chester in the said Anna Maria Hunt, in Consideration of such Subditution and Settlement of the said Estates in the County of Cornwall.

53. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Parker Hamond Esquire, in the County of Cambridge, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled in lieu thereof to the like Uses.

54. An Act for vesting the settled Edate of Richard Chapman Gentleman, and Ann his Wife, in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to be exchanged for an unsettled Edate in the same County.

'9

55* An

{Private) 420 GEO. III.

55. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Fcnjlanton in the County of Huntingdon.

56. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Rollcston in the County of Stafford.

57. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Halvergate in the County of Norfolk.

58. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waite and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Panlh of Whatcote in the County of Warwick.

59. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwich cum Oldham in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

60. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Warren, and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Salihy and IVafhwood, in the Parish of Aston, near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

61. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Waite, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Swcrford, in the Parish of Swerford in the County of Oxford.

62. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Waste Grounds, and Open Common Lands, within the Lordship or Liberty of Swinfcoe, in the Parish of Bloor in the County of Stafford.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, Marsh Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Denton in the County of Huntingdon.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Lands within the Parishes of Birbury and Marton in the County of Warwick.

65. An Act for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waites, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Cardington in the County of Bedford.

66. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Ellerton, in the Parish of EHsrton in the East Riding of the County of York.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Liberty of Ranffill, in the Parish of B.yth, and the Township and Parish of Scrooby, in the County of Nottingham.

68. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Wor-

K thington

1

A TABLE of the STATUTES

thington and Brecdoy-on-the-Hill, and Township of Newbold, all in the Parish of Breedon-on-the-Hill in the County of Leicester.

69. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Sinjin Moor, and certain Common Meadows thereto adjoining, all in the County of Derby.

70. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Grounds, Open Fields, and Meadows, and Commonable and intermixed Lands within that Part of the Parish of Churcham which lies within the Manor of Churcham in the County of Gloucester.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands in the Parish of Hinxworth in the County of Hertford, and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within the said Parish.

72. An Act for naturalizing James Emanuel Francis Doxat.

73. An Act for naturalizing John Benjamin Jain.

74. An Act for vesting the Estates late of Frederick James Scrape Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, and devised by his Will in fruflees to be sold, and for applying Part of the Monies arising from the Sale thereof in Discharge of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

73. An Act for vesting the Lands and Estates of Saltcoats, King/Ion, WilUamston, Barnclutb, Udston, Birdsfe/d, Bellsfield, and Syde, and Superiority thereof, and Lands of Decbmont, and others, Teinds and Pertinents thereof, comprized in the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Alexander Hamilton of Pencaitland, Esquire, upon the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled and secured to the fame Series of Heirs, and under the fame Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of Entail.

76. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, that Part of Effingham Upper Common which lies in the Manor of Effingham East Court, in the Parish of Effingham in the County of Surrey.

77. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Tharston in the County of Norfolk.

78. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and all other the Open and Uninclosed Lands and Grounds within the Townships of Styrrup, Oldcoats, and Farworth, and so much of Norney as is within the Liberty of Styrrup aforesaid, in the Parishes of Blyth and Harworth, or One of them, in the County of Nottingham.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Daventry in the County of Northampton.

80. An

(Private) 42° GEO. III.

80. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lauds and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Graveley in the County of Cambridge.

8t. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste Grounds, Downs, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Spelfbury in the County of Oxford.

82. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open and Common Downs,

and other Commonable Lands and Waite Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Jphaven in the County of Wilts.

83. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Moulfoe in the County of Buckingham.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, certain Open Commonable Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Coombe Byfet otherwise Bijfet, in the County of Wilts.

85. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, certain Open Commonable Fields, Diwns, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Pari (lies of West Grin/lead and White Par if} in the County of Wilts.

S6. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, within the Township of Withernwick, in the Parish of Withernwick in the East Riding of the County of York.

87. An Act for naturalizing Alexandre De Vandes, commonly called Compte De Vandes.

88. An Act for authorizing Leases to be made of such of the settled Estates of the late Most Honourable Arthur Marquis of Downshire, deceased, as are situate in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

89. An Act for effeGuating an Exchange between the Right Honourable Heneage Earl of Aylesford and the Dean and Chapter of Worcester.

90. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable Henry Lord Mulgrave to charge his settled Estates with a Jointure, in Consideration of the Improvements made by him, and also for enabling him to charge the fame Eliates with Portions for younger Children when he shall have made further Improvements, and for other Purposes.

91. An Act for vesting in Oliver Delaney Esquire, Barrack Master General, a Wharf and certain other Hereditaments near Maidstone in the County of Kent, late the Estates of Ann Maynard and Mary Maynard, both deceased.

92. An Act to enable Sir Charles Morgan Baronet and Charles Morgan Esquire, to grant Leases of certain Estates in the County of Monmouth, devised by the Will of the late John Morgan Esquire; and to enable the said Charles Morgan, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to charge the Estates of which he is Tenant for Life in Possession under

A TABLE of the STATUTES

the said Will, with the Amount of the Monies laid out by him in building Wharfs, and in other Improvements.

93. An Act to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Honourable Ann Fairfax, Lady of the Manor of Gilling East, in the County of York, Spinster (since deceased), and the Rector of the Parish Church of Gilling East aforesaid, with the Consent and Approbation of his Grace the Archbishop of York, of certain Tythes, Catrlegates, Customary Payments, and other Rights belonging to the said Rector, in Right of the said Church, for certain Parcels of Demesne Lands which belonged to the said Ann Fairfax, as Lady of the said Manor.

94. An Act for vesting the Manor of Northill, and several Messuages and Hereditaments in the Parish of Northill in the County of Bedtord, Part of the settled Estates of John Robinson Esquire, in l'rultees, upon Trust to fell, and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of more convenient Estates in the County of Suffolk.

95. An Act for enabling the Guardian of Elizabeth Henrietta Philips Spinster, an Infant, to sell and convey in Fee Farm her undivided Fourth Part, or join with the Owners of the other Shares in felling and conveying in Fee Farm the Intirety of several Plots or Parcels of Land in Manchester in the County of Lancaster, under yearly rel'erved Rents, for the Purpose of building upon.

96. An Act for enabling the Trustees therein named to lay out the Money arising from the Sale of a Moiety of certain Estates in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, which was settled on the Marriage of Robert Dundas Esquire, and Ann his Wife, in the Purchase of Hereditaments situate in Scotland, in the Manner and upon the Trusts in the said Act mentioned.

97. An Act for effecting the Sale or Exchange of Estates in the County of Norfolk, late of John Earl of Buckingbamshire, deceased, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, and for felling Timber on the settled Estates late of the said Earl in the same County, and laying out the Monies thence arising in planting certain Parts thereof.

98. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Half Year Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Lands, in the Townships of Kelby, Aijly, and Ofeby, and in the Parish of Haydor, in the County of Lincoln.

99. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Manor and Hamlet of IVcjl Challow, in the Parish of Lctcombe Regis in the County of Berks.

100. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Parishes or Townships of Alvaston and Boulton in the County of Derby.

101. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fen, Waites, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Lhurlby in the County of Lincoln.

»3

102. An

{Private) 42° GEO. III.

102. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Operi Arable Fields^ Meadow and Pasture Grounds, within the Township and Parish of Key-ingham in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, and fot making Compensation for the Tythes thereof, and also for the Tythes of certain ancient inclosed Lands within the said Township and Parish.

103. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds within or belonging to the Parish of Chcllajion in the County of Derby.

104. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Kensington, in the Parishes of Stcnningivell and Radley in the County of Berks.

105. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, and all other Open and Uninclosed Grounds, within the Lordship and Parish of lYalkeringham in the County of Nottingham.

106. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, sundry Tracts or Parcels of Whole Year Land, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Warren, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Gooderstone in the County of Norfolk.

107. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Waste situate in the Manor of Newton in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

108. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Commort Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commortable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Giles, in the Town of Cambridge irt the County of Cambridge.

109. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Bonington otherwise Dinton in the County of Buckingham;

no. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Fields, and Common Meadows, in the Parish of Bodcnbam in the County of Hereford.

in. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open Common Fields, Ing Lands, Carr Lands, Wastes, and Commonable Places, within the Township of Folkton, and within the respective Hamlets or Districts of East Flotrnanby and West Flcimanby, in the Parish of Folkton in the East Riding of the County of York.

ji2. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Har.nington in the County of Northampton.

113. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Yfkeibion, in the Parish of Llanynys in the County of Denbigh.

L

114. An

A TABLE of tU STATUTES,

1X4. An Act for naturalizing Gabriel Dennis Ferry,

115. An Act for naturalizing John Abraham Droop.

116. An Act for naturalizing John Meybohnu

117. An Act for authorizing the leafing of Mines within the Lands belonging to the perpetual Curacy of Bilston in the County of Stafford, and for an-thorizing Exchanges to be made of Part of the said Lands under the Direction of the Court of Chancery.

?i8. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands, Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Crofton Green, within the Township of Crofton in the West Riding of the County of York.

119. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Bonham Esquire, with Paulina Lushington his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

120. An Act for enabling the Reverend William Loggin to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cole, pursuant to the Will of his Uncle Edward Cole Esquire, deceased.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaM, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802,

- ' . i*it

'.f’K , M 1 iiili" . .1

K.

ANNO REGNI

GEORGII III.

Britanniarum Regis,

QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO.

At the Parliament begun andholden at Westminster, the Twenty-second Day of January, Anno Domini 1801, in the Fony-first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Twenty- g ninth Day of October 1801; being the Second Session of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

.: o /. yA

- ,1

‘ ' ' ’

i

<s>

o

o:

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*»*3|H f*

Cap. i.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of South Mo It on, in the County of Devon. [nth December 1801.]

WHEREAS Two Acts were made in the Thirty-second Year of 5 the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and *' the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for 3 repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of South Molton, in the County of Devon: And whereas considerabie Sums of Money have been borrowed and are now due and owing, on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads; which Money cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued; may it therefore please \Loc. (A Per.] A 2 Your

Geo 2*

d 19 Gsw-

4

42° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Potmer Acts assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Term granted by iinued"C°U" the said recited Acts flia.ll be repealed; and that the said recited Acts, and the several Clauses, Tolls, Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Matiers, and Things therein contained, and which are now in force (except such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties), and also this present Act, shall be and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effetl, and shall have Continuance for and during the further Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein particularly inserted, repeated, and re-enacted; and that this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, or which shall be borrowed, on the Credit of the said recited Acts and this present Act, and of all Interest due or to grow due thereon respectively.

Application of And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Compenfttion awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, pur-«^c edi rhrfe chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts twl ' and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, whifch shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time

5

42° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of tiic Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing undtr the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties') in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively. V.

V. And whereas the present Turnpike Road leading from South Molton, through the Parish of Chittlehampton, in the Way to the Town of Ter-rington, terminates at a certain Place called Umberleigh Ford, which Ford hath of late become very incommodious, and extremely dangerous for Travellers and Carriages, on account of the frequent flooding of the River Taw, and it would be more safe and convenient to the Publick if the said Trustees were empowered to extend and carry the said Road from the said Ford, to a certain Bridge called Umberleigh Bridge, a Distance of little more than a Quarter of a Mile; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they, or any

\Loc. & Per.] B Seven

Application where the (ompen (ation shall be le % than tool- and above ao /.

Application where the Money i* left than *o /.

For extending the Road from XJmberleigk Ford to Umber-leigh Bridge.

6

42° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, to extend and carry the said Road from the Bottom of the Hill near Umberleigh Ford, over and through certain Fields or Clofcs of Land, belonging to all those Messuages and Tenements called The North Cleves, the Lands of the Right Honourable John Lord Rolle, to Umberleigh Bridge aforesaid; and that the said new Piece of Road, when made, shall be considered as Part of the said Turnpike Road, and kept in Repair by the said Trullees, according to the Tenor of the said recited Acts.

For jiaying the

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Ex-theAfS?*°' pences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid out of the First Money collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act.

Publick Act-

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Commence-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Cominuance ta^ie place upon the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and of the net. two, and, together with the said recited Acts, shall continue in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sdiion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 2.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, TVorcester, and Hereford, and also the Roads leading from the Knowle Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Glee Hill, leading from Ludlow to Chobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury, in the said Counties.

[nth December 1801.]

iLcc. & Per.-]

G

WHEREAS

to

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 1.

30 Qio.». anil

ao Geo. j.

Additional T-rm granted.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford, whereby certain Tolls, Powers, and Authorities were given and granted for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from a Gate called The Knowle Gate, adjoining to the Clee Hill, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Salop, down a Lane called The Park Lane, by the Rose and Crown, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Ludlow towards the Town of Tenbury, in the County of Worcester, and from Team Bridge through the said Town of Tenbury, and a Lane called Prejl Acre Lane, and from thence through Sutton to a Mill called Kyre Mill, in the said County of Worcester; and also the Road leading from the said Town of Tenbury, through the Old Wood Lane, and over the Old Wood Common, to the Raddle Bank Hill, and from thence to Stockton Cross, in the County of Hereford, leading into and adjoining a certain other Turnpike Road from Ludlow aforesaid to Hereford, over Ford's Bridge in the said County of Hereford; and which Act was to have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas another Act was made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for reviving and continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of the said recited Act, and for amending and keeping in Repair several other Roads leading from the Knowle Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury: And whereas the Trustees for the Care and Management of the said Roads have made great Progress in the Repairs thereof; and for that Purpose have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to becollefted thereon, *hich Money Hill remains due, and the fame cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts (which is near expiring) be further continued, the Tolls increased, and some of the Provisions thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affetnbled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the Commencement of this Act, the Term granted by the said recited Acts shall he repealed, and that the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and also such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties), shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and together with this present Act, shall be put in Execution for the several Purposes thereby and hereby intended, for and during the Term herein-after granted, as fully and effectually, in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; which said Term hereby granted shall be, and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due on the said Roads, on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or which shall or may be hereafter borrowed or

become

II

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts and of this Act, and all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And whereas it is necessary that the surviving Trustees under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, and other Trustees to be now nominated and added thereto, should be severally named and included in this,

Act, and that some Alteration should be made in the Qualification of such Trustees; be it therefore further enacted, That William Adams, Trustew. William Adams junior, Miles Adams, Janies Adams, the Right Honourable John Lord Viscount Bateman, Sir Walter Blount Baronet, George Bowles, John Barncby, the Reverend Saint George Bowles, the Reverend Thomas Baines, Henry Bromley, the Reverend John Baldwin, the Reverend Edward Baugh, the Reverend Annanias BrettAl, Thomas Botfield,

Beriah Botfield, John Britten, William Child, William Lacon Child, Francis Canning, Nicholas Lechmcre Charlton, Edmund Lechmere Charlton, the Reverend William Calcott, Thomas Compfon, James Compfon, Thomas Compson junior, George Compfon, John Cheese, Benjamin Cheese, Thomas Crump,

William Crandall, the Reverend John Dale Doctor of Laws, Somerset Davis, Danfey Danfey, Richard Danfey, Thomas Downes, Samuel Downes,

John Downes, William Duppa, the Reverend William Devey, John Dal-lewy, George Forrester, Edward Farmer, John Giles, Jonathan Green, the Reverend Edward Green, George Green, Thomas Green, Thomas Mac Ghie, William Godson, the Right Honourable Thomas Harley, the Honourable William Hill, Curteis Hale, Charles Heathcote, Richard Harper,

Richard Harper junior, the Reverend George Holland, the Reverend John Holland, William Hull, the Reverend Henry Ingles, the Reverend James Ingram, Thomas Johnes, Thomas Knight, Richard Payne Knight, Thomas Andrew Knight, James Kinnerflcy, the Reverend Francis Kinchant, Thomas Hill, Peregrine Fury Lowe, William Lowe, the Reverend Peter Miller, Thomas Elton Miller, Thomas Morris, the Reverend George Moultree, James Wakeman Newport, Joseph Oldham,

Jonathan Pytts, James Pool, George Pardoe, the Reverend Thomas Rocke, the Reverend Thomas Rocke junior, the Honourable and Reverend George Rujhcut, James Robinson, Richard Smith, the Reverend Francis Severne, Theophilus Richard Salwey, Richard Salwey, William Smith, William Smith junior, Samuel Tate Sprott, Thomas Sayer, Benjamin Wingfield Smith, the Reverend George Packington Tomkins Doctor of Laws, James Turner, John Taylor, Sir Edward Winnington Baronet,

Thomas Winnington, the Reverend Christopher Whitehead, William Bailey Whitehead, Edward Whitehead, Thomas Wall of Necn, Edward Wheeler,

Edward Wheeler junior, Vincent Wood Wheeler, the Reverend Vincent Wood, Edmund Wigley, Samuel Waring, Allan Wheeler, Thomas Wheeler,

Thomas Wheeler junior, and Thomas Wall of Tenbury, being qualified according to the Directions of this Act, shall be, and they and their Successors to be hereafter elected and chosen under the Directions of the said recited Acts and this Act, are hereby appointed Trustees for putting the said Acts and this Act in Execution, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Trustees appointed by the said recited Acts, or either of them, are authorized and empowered to do; any Thing in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. III.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Person Q" lificatioi. shall be capable of adding as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Acts

12

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Acts and this Act, (except in swearing of the First Trustee, who shall take the Oath herein-after mentioned), unless he shall be, in his own Right or in Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Sixty Pounds above Reprizes, or possessed of a personal Estate alone, or of Real and Personal Estate together, of the Value of Twelve hundred Pounds more than i'ufficient to pay his Debts, or unless he shall be Heir Apparent of or to a Person actually seised in Possession of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and twenty Pounds, or shall be seised of an Estate of Inheritance, in Reversion or Remainder immediately expectant on the Determination of One or more Estate or Estates for Life only, of or in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value f'unp1 for ^ne ^lune^reci al‘d twenty Pounds; and every Person who shall act as qualified.1 a Trustee, not being qualified by some One or more of the Ways and Means aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he was, at such respective Time and Times of his acting, qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty upon Proof given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; One Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be paid to the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, to be applied to the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct; any Thing in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Oath of Qua-

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Trustee, before he acts Vacation. as pucjj (except jn administering the Oath herein-after mentioned to the First Trustee who shall take the lame) shall take and subscribe the Oath, or being One of the People called Quakers, make and subscribe the Affirmation, before any One or more of the Trustees appointed or to be elected by or in pursuance of this Act (and who is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same) in the Words or to the Effect following, according to the Nature of the Qualification by which he intends to act; that is to say,

T do swear, or, being of the People called Quakers, do so-

lemnly affirm, that I am, in my own Right, or in the Right of mv

Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of

Sixty Pounds above Reprizes, or possessed of a personal Effate alone,

or of real and personal Estate together, of the Value of Twelve hundred Pounds more than sufficient to pay my Debts, or am Heir Apparent

of or to a Person actually seised in Possession of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and twenty Pounds, or am seised of an Estate of Inheritance in Reversion, or Re- mainder immediately expectant on the Determination of One or more

‘ Estate

'3

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

, Estate or Estates for Life only, of or in Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- ments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and twenty Pounds.

'So help me GOD.’

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commence- Prefient Toil* ment of this Act, the several Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of the andnewontt said recited Acts, or either of them, shall cease, determine, and be. no granted, longer paid or payable; and that in lieu thereof the following Tolls shall thenceforth be demanded and taken by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, before any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike, Toll Gate, or Bar, erected or to be erected on any of the Roads comprized in the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them; (videlicet),

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Hearse, Calalh, or other Carriage (except a Waggon, Wain, or Cart) drawn by Six or more Horses, or other Cattle or Beasts of Draught (at the Fird Gate through which the fame pafles) the Sum of Two Shillings, and at each of the Second and Third Gates (through which the lame pafles) the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Hearse, Calalh, or other Carriage (except a Waggon, Wain, or Cart) drawn by Four Horses, or other Cattle or Beasts of Draught (at the Fird Gate through which the fame pafles) the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, and at #ach of the Second and Third Gates (through which the fame pafles) the Sum of Three-pence

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Hearse, Calalh; or other Carriage (except a Waggon, Wain, or Cart), drawn by Two Horses or other Cattle or Beasts of Draught (at the Fird Gate through which the fame pafles) the Sum of Nine-pence, and at each of the Second and Third Gates (through which the fame pafles) the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny

For every Chaise, Calalh, or Chair, or other Carriage (except a Waggon, Wain, or Cart) drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught (at the Fird Gate through which the fame pafles) the Sum of Sixpence, and at each of the Second and Third Gates (through which the fame pafles) the Sum of One Penny

For every Waggon or other Four-Wheel Carriage (except a Coach,

Chariot, Landau, Berlin. Chaise, Hearse, Calalh, or other Carriage above mentioned) at the Fird Gate (through which the fame pafles) the Sum of Two Shillings, and at each of the Second and Third Gates (through which the fame pafles) the Sum of Sixpence

For every Cart or other Two-Wheel Carriage (except as lad above excepted) at the bird Gate (through which the fame pafles) the Sum of One Shilling, and at each of the Second and Third Gates (through which the fame pafles) the Sum of Three-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead of Burthen, IJJen or unladen, and not drawing, (at the Fird Gate through which the fame pafles) the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny, and at each of the Second and Third Gates (through which the fame pafles) the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cow’s, or Neat Cattle (at the Fird Gatp through which the fame pass) the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number:

{Lee. ft? Per.] D

For

14-

Double Tolls on Sundays, and also on Carriage i carry ing Timber between certain Periods.

Tolls veiled in Trustees,

Applications of the Tolls.

Exemptions lrom Toll.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats (at the First Gate through which the fame pass) the Sun\ of Ten-pence per Score, andfo in Proportion for any less Number.

And that Double the said respective Tolls shall and may be demanded and taken for all Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Carriages, upon every Sunday in the Year, to be reckoned from Twelve of the Clock in every Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Sunday Night,); and that between the First Day of October and the lait Day of March in every Year, there shall be demanded and taken for every Carriage laden with Timber, and for the Horses or other Cattle or Beasts drawing the fame, on any Part of the said Roads, an additional Toll equal to Double the Toli herein-before made payable for the fame, at the respective Gates aforesaid.

All which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of, and as Toll; and the fame, and every Part thereof, shall be and are hereby vested in the Trustees for putting the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution, and the fame and every Part thereof shall and may be demanded, collected, and recovered, demised, leased, rnortgaged, and assigned, in such Manner as are directed by the said recited Acts, with respect to the Tolls thereby directed to be taken; Nbut subject nevertheless to this Act, and the Powers, Provisions, and Directions herein contained; and the fame Tolls, and every Part thereof, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the Trustees under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, shall be (subject nevertheless to the Repayment of all and every Sum and Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts, and the Interest thereof) applied in erecting, removing, or altering Turnpike Gates and Toll Houses, and in amending, widening, and repairing the said Roads, and in defraying all necessary Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the fame, and the Execution of the said former Acts and this Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct. VI.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person having paid Toll at the respective Gates aforesaid, shall not be liable or compellable to pay any further Toll the same Day, at the fame Gate or Gates, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in One Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night, for or with the fame Cattle and Carriage; and that every Person passing through more than One of the said Gates with any Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, shall produce at the next and succeeding Gate or Gates erected or to be erefled in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment at the First Gate, in order to and before such Person can be entitled to go or pass through such Second, Third, or other Gate or Gates, in Manner by this Act authorized, which Note or Ticket the Collectors receiving such Tolls are hereby respectively required to give gratis on Receipt of the Toll: Provided also, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any Turnpike Gate erected or to be erected by the said Trustees on the Clee Hill aforesaid, of or from any Person or Persons passing through the fame with any Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, to or towards the Clee Hilt, which shall have previously the same Day passed

through

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 2. 15

through and paid at any Two of the other Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken at the Gate called Harp Bank Gate of or from any Person or Persons passing through the fame with any Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, to or towards the Town of Tenbury, which shall have pr^viously the same Day passed through and paid at any Two of the other Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads, provided such Ticket as aforesaid shall be produced at such respective Gates, the Intent being, that Toll shall be demanded at only Two of the Turnpike Gates between Tenbury and the Clee Hill; and that in case any Turnpike Gate shall hereafter be erected by the said Trustees on the Clee Hill, and the Gate called The Nash Gate shall at any Time hereafter be removed to any Part of the said Roads, whereby the Cattle, Bealls, and Carriages passing and repalling to or from the Clee Hill, from Court-of-Hill, or from and out of the Road or Lane leading by the fame from Tilfop and Watmore, will be obliged to pass through both such Gates when erected and removed, that then and in such Case all and every Person and Persons so passing or repassing to, from, or towards the Clee Hill, through both such Gates, from or to Court-of-Hill, or from, to, or out of the said Road leading the reby to Tilfop and Watmore as aforesaid, shall not be charged with or liable to pay Toll for any such Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, more than at the First of such Gates through which the same shall so pass, and on producing such Ticket as aforesaid from such First Gate, shall go and pass through such other Gate, without paying any Toll thereat, the Intent being, that Toll shall be demanded at only One of the Turnpike Gates between Court-of-Hill and the said Road leading the reby to Tilfop and Watmore to or from the Clee Hill.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Se- Power for ven or more of them, may and they are hereby authorized and empower-

ed, from Time to Time (when and as they shall think it requisite or again to a^-expedient) to lessen or reduce all or any of the Tolls hereby granted, V1"ce Toils, and again to advance and raise the fame, or any Part thereof, to such respective Sums, and for such Time as they shall think proper, and so, from Time to Time, to reduce or advance the fame at their Discretion, so as not to exceed the respective Tolls by this Act granted: Provided nevertheless, That no such Reduction shall at any Time be made, unless the Person or Persons who shall be then entitled to Two Thirds at least of the Money which shall then be due on the Credit of the said Tolls shall consent thereto; and that no.Alteration shall be made in any of the said Tolls, unless Notice of the Intention to make such Alteration, and of the Meeting for that Purpose, be affixed in Writing upon each Turnpike Gate or Bar then erected on the said Roads, and in the Worcester Newspapers, at least Twenty Days before such Meeting.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven Power for

or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered, from Time ^d^atwhich to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to order and Gates Toll to direct at which Gate or respective Gates the Tolls herein-before grant- beP1, J-ed, or any of them, shall be paid or payable; and also on Removal or Alteration of any or either of the Turnpike Gates now erected or to be erected, or on putting up any new or additional Gate or Gates,

to

16

Certain Exemptions as to erecting Gates etc. repealed

And a fresh Exemption as to the lame made.

Exemptions from Toll extended.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

to Older and direct how, and in what Proportion, and at which Gate or Gates such Tolls as aforesaid shall be demanded or taken, and so, from Time to Time, to alter and vary the same as to them shall seem proper so that such Tolls shall not exceed the Tolls hereby granted.

IX. And whereas such Part and Parts of the Clauses contained in the said first-recited Act as retrains the Trustees from building or erecting any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll House or Toll Houses, in, upon, across, or on the Side of any Part or Parts of the Road between the House called Court-of-Hill and the Knowle Gate in such Act mentioned, and between the House called Kyre House and a Field called Bradley Common Field, are found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted, That so much and such Part and Parts of the said first-recited Act as reflrains the said Trustees from building or erecting any such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll House or Toll Houses last aforesaid, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

X. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll House or Toll Houses, shall be built or erected in, upon, across, or on the Side of any Part of the said Road or Roads, or any Lane or Way leading out of the fame between the said House called Kyre House and the Park called Kyre Park.

XI. And whereas the Exemptions contained in the said first-recited Act from Payment of Tolls and Duties, are not sufficiently extensive; be it therefore enacted, That such Exemptions shall henceforth extend to any Carts, Wains, Waggons, and other Carriages, and also to any Horses, Beads, and other Cattle, carrying any Fruit or Hops in their green State, to be used, converted, or laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or Buildings, of or belonging to the respective Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and arising from Lands in their own Occupation, within such Parishes, Townships, or Places; and also, that such Exemptions shall extend to every Rector, Vicar, or Curate, at any Time going to or returning from his Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worship, or vifning his sick Parishioners, and to every other Person and Persons redding in the said Parishes, or any of them, in which the said Roads do lie, who shall pass through the said Turnpike Gates, or any or either of them, to and from his, her, or their proper Parish or Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Divine Worship, as well on Christmas Day and Good Friday as on Sundays j and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions in the said first-recited Act or this Act contained, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of E'ive Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, as the said Trustees, or any Five of them, shall order, and the same shall be recovered and applied in the same Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures under the said recited Acts are authorized to be recovered and applied. \ ,0

BY

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 2. 17

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or NoTrliat Persons whatsoever, shall be liable to pay any of the Tolls aforesaid, for

or in respect of any Horse, Cattle, Beatt, or Carriage, passing through mo Yards hny Side Gate, erected or to be erected, unless the fame pass One hun- on lhel<uad> dred Yards at lead on some Part of the said Roads.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Money now due and owing Directing upon the Credit of the said recited Acts, and all Interest due and to He*owfng*°"

frow due for the fame, shall be paid off, in Preference to and before any shall belaid.

loney which shall or may hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of such respective Parts or Proportions of the said Tolls as are now incumbered (and the Interest thereof); any Thing contained in the said recited Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas it is proper that a Form should be prescribed for of the Mortgages to be made of the said Tolls, for Security of any Money an,t Trfnsf*r to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, and for the Transfers of such p"scribed. Mortgages as well as of the Mortgages already made for securing the Money due as aforesaid; be it therefore further enacted, That the Mortgages to be made for securing any Money to be borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls shall be in Writing, under the Hands and Seals of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to the Effect following

( videlicet),

virtue of certain Acts of Parliament made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and Twenty-second and Forty-second Years of the Reign of King George the Third, for amend*

‘ ing, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford,

and also the Roads leading from the Knowle Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Glee Hill leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Ten-‘ bury, in the said Counties, We, whose Names are hereunto subscribed,

being Seven of the Trustees for putting the said Acts into Execution,

in Consideration of the Sum of to our Treasurer

‘ in Hand now advanced and paid by of

do hereby assign unto the said

his [or, her] Executors, Admipistrators, or Assigns, all

‘ or such Part or Parts of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Acts [as the Case may be~\ to hold unto the said

his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, henceforth for and ‘ during the Continuance of the said Acts, redeemable nevertheless by ‘ the said Trustees on Payment of the said Sum of ' with Interest after the Rate of for One hundred Pounds by the Year. In witness whereof, we have hereunto set our ‘ 1 lands and Seals this Day of in the

‘ Year of our Lord

Atojd all such Mortgages and Alignments shall be valid and effectual in the Law, and Copies thereof shall be entered in a Book to bi krt>t for that Purpose by the Clerk of the said Trustees: And all and every Person and Persons who are or shall be entitled to any of the Money already borrowed and due, or which shall hereafter be borrowed as aforesaid, may, from Time to Time, transfer the Mortgage made, or to be made,

[Lee. & Per.~\ E for

i8

Power of Ad journment in case a fufti-cient Number of Trustee» do not attend.

Application of Ounpen-lation Money frhere exceeding icol-

4-2° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

securing the fame, ami his, her, and their Right, Title, and Interest to the Principal and interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons, either by a i'eparate Instrument or by Indorsement on such Mortgage, to the Eft eft following; (videlicetJ,

T do hereby transfer the within Mortgage [_if by tri-

‘ dorfement, or if by a separate Instrument, a certain Mortgage bearing

Date the Day of and defer ibing the fame, as

c the Case may be~] and all my Right and Title to the Principal Money

and Interest thereby secured unto his £or her] Ex-

ecutors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day

of in the Year of our Lord

Witness

And every such Transfer shall be valid and effectual in the Law', and shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk, who shall cause an Entry to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money, in the Book to be kept for entering the original Mortgages; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Pt rlon or Persons to whom the same shall be ma e, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person making such Transfer to make void, release, or discharge the fame or any Money thereby due.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that at any Meeting appointed by the said Trustees, pursuant to the said recited Acts and this Act, there shall not be a sufficient Number of Trustees to act and to adjourn to another Day, agreeable to the said recited Acts, or either of them, or in case the Trustees, at any Time afletnbled, shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, then and in every such Case the Treasurer or Clerk shall, and he is hereby authorized to adjourn such Meeting to the same Place at some future Day, at the Distance of not less than Seven nor more than Twenty-one Days.

, J. 1>UJ tt- J 'I ' 3"

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands,! Grounds, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or uled by-vii tue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, dr Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first-recited Act particularly mentionedj such Money shall, in case the same shall arrtount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be; paid into the Bank of England, in the Name aind with the Privity of the' Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account cx parte iht Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments (landing settled therewith

to

42 GEORGII III. Cap. 2. i<j

to the fame or the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of’ other Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses,

Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands,

Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Filed; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money IliaII, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further ensiled, That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and tion iioes not belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Dif- and above ability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hun- *o /.

dred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by F'ive or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Applicvion Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall mon'v is"less be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or mher Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any

Five

50

For pa', ing the E*pences of the Act.

I’uUick Act.

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the procuring and obtaining of this Act, together with lawful Interest for the fame, from the Time of advancing the fame till the Time of Payment, shall be paid and satisfied by the said Trustees; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby directed and required, to order and direct the Payment of the said Charges and Expences, with Interest as aforesaid, out of the First Monies that shall be collected, borrowed, or received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments and Disbursements whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to beaPublick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place upon the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, and shall continue in Force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

O

Cap. 3.

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act mader in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Road from the West End of Seend Street to the Hotfe and Jockey, in the Parish of Box in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road; and for making an additional Road from the said Road in the Chapelry of Seend, to comtnu-nicate with the Devizes Turnpike Road, at or near Somerham Brook, in the fame Chapelry, all in the said Coutity.

[15th December 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Road from the West End of Seend Street to the Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Box in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road-, and for making an additional Road from the said Road, in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the Devizes Turnpike Road at or near Somerham Brook, in the fame Chapelry, all in the said Coutity; several Tolls or Duties were granted, and Powers given, [Lee. & Per.] F for

20 GeO. j.

32

A# further continued foi ai Years.

Application of Compensation where exceeding ico /.

42° GEORGII III. Cap.%.

for repairing the said Roads, which were to take place and have Continuance from and after the passing of the said Act, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament And whereas, since the making the said Act, divers Sums of Money have been borrowed for the Pu/pdfe of keeping the said Roads in Repair, and the fame itill remain due on the Crddit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which, together with the said Tolls and Duties, have been duly applied; but the said Road cannot be efieblually amended and kept in good Repair, and the present Debt dffeharged, unless the Term ahcT Posters granted by the said Act are further continued: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this <prdpnt Parliament assembled', ,kand by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and all the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties),.-thalE be m-full Force, *and llntfhcontinue-for and during the Reficlue, and Remainder of the Term now to come and unexpired of the said" Yet, and from and after the Expiration "thereof, for arid duringThe further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were repeated and re-enabled in the Body of this present Act, which said Term is hereby declared to be subject and liable, as well to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the said Act, as to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Abt, and of this Act, together with all Interest for the fame respectively.

II.1 And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid fof any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used. by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act, and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Act, and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to he preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons;who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Parts thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affebling the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or afftcling other Lands or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments

23

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

ditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilting undetermined and capable of talcing ElFeft; and in the mean'l ime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three PoundsperCtntum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, ,to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees. (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain* the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the life of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Funacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Application where the Compensation does not exceed 200 /. nor less than 20 /.

Application where the Money is !e& than 20/.

24 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

ht char* e'^of V. *£ further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of

pass.ng the* ° procuring and passing of this Act, shall be paid out of any Monies arisen Aa> or to ariie by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act rtiall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 4.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts; the One, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads leading from and near the Borough ol Truro, in the County of Cornwall, and for building and keeping in Repair a Bridge over the River at a Place called the Steppings, in or near the said Borough; and the other, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Provisions of the said former Act to the several other Roads therein described.

[24th February 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually amending several Roads leading from and near the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, and for building a Bridge over the River ut a Place called the Steppings, in or near the said Borough, several Tolls, Powers, and Authorities, were granted to the Trustees au-[Loc. (A Per.J G thorized

tj Geo. j. and,

26

22 Geo. 3. recited.

Former A«fts continued.

fiew Tijfieei.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

thorized to put the said Act in Execution, to commence on the First: Day of June One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and to have Continuance till the First Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty, (being the Itefidue of a Term then subfifling, under certain former Acts therein mentioned), and from the said First; Day of June One thousand fevefi hundred and eighty, for a further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, for surveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads therein described; and for building and keeping in Repair a Bridge over the said River at the said Place called the Steppings: And whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act were (except as in the said latter Act mentioned), extended to the several other Roads therein described: And whereas the said Bridge hath been built, and the said Roads have been greatly improved, for which Purposes several considerable Sums of Money have from Time to Time been borrowed by the said Trustees on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Roads, of which the Sum of Three thousand one hundred and fifty Pound.- fli'l remains due; and the fame cannot be paid, nor can the said Bridge and Roads be kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said recited Acts be continued, and further Tolls be granted; and it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Acts should in other Respects be altered: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in is present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Powers, Regulations, Remedies, Penalties, Forfeitures, Exemptions, Directions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained (except such of them, or such Parts thereof, as are hereby altered or repealed, or are repugnant to any of the Provisions herein contained, and also except such of them as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), shall be and are hereby further continued for the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term, and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, subject to the Payment of all the Money now due on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, and the Interest due and to become due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That John Hcarle Tremayne, George Crocker Fox, Robert Ware Fox, Thomas Fox, George Fox, Edward Fox, Richard Fox, Samuel Tregellas Junior, John Williams, and John Williams Junior, shall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, for putting the fame and this Act in Execution; and the Trustees herein nominated, and their Successors, to be elected, and being qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act, are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the said recited Acts, and of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had beon appointed by the said former Acts.

42° GEORGII IH. Cap. 4. 27

III. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Orders, and Determina- AnAaj^she

tions of the said Trustees, or any of them, in Execution of the Powers done at their hereby in them veiled, shall be made at i'ome Meeting or Meetings to be Meeting!, holden in pursuance of the said recited AtIs, or of this Act, and not otherwise (except as herein-after is excepted); and that no Act, Order, Orders tobe or Determination (except as aforesaid), shall be valid, unless the Majority pr--

of the Trustees present at the Meeting (such Meeting not confiding of fencs ‘

less than the Number of Trustees authorized to do such Act, or make such Order or Determination, and no One of the Trustees compoiing such Majority being personally interested, otherwise than as being a Creditor of the Tolls hereby granted, in the Matter or Matters in question) ill all concur in and sign the fame; and that no such Act, Order, or Determination, shall be altered or revoked but at some publick Meeting of the said Trustees, of which, and of the Measure to be proposed thereat, Notice shall have been affixed in Writing on all the Turnpike Gates which shall be then erected on the said Roads, and shall have been published in some Weekly Newspaper usually circulated in the Neighbourhood thereof, at lead Twenty-one Days before such intended Meeting; nor unless the Number of Trustees at such Meeting voting for but not to be such Alteration or Revocation shall exceed the Number of Trustees who

concurred in such Act, Order, or Determination, and shall be Thirteen Number mik-at the lead. inen°r

by Jess than 13 Trustees.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if, after any Adjournment of the salt} Meet!ngs to Trustees it shall be thought necessary that an earlier Day of meeting should be callej on be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, the Clerk to the Emer8encies-said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing, signed by any Five ormore of them,

(although not assembled at a Meeting), mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such intended Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof, by Wricing affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then erected upon the said

Roads, at lead Fourteen Days before such Meeting, and such earlier Meeting shall and may be holden accordingly; and the Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid as if they had been holden in pursuance of Adjournments.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be Trustees may sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue of the said recited f"*4 hf the Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, in the Name of their Clerk Nameot their for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or com- cle,k-menced by the Direction of, or against the said Trustees by virtue of

this Act? in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk, or by his Act, without the v Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk for the Time being of the said Trustees shall be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in such Action or Suit.

VI. Provided always, That every such Clerk in whose Name any Ac- Clerk to b= tion or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance Exp;ncele<'h" Of this Act, shall* out of the Monies to arise in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, be fully reimbursed all such reasonable Cods,

Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in consequence of any fi^ch Action or Suit, he shall expend or be put unto by reason of his being io made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

7

2$

Proceedings to he entered in a Book,

which mny be inspected and copied.

Bo As may be read in Evidence.

Toriher Tolls to cease.

New Tolls.

42° GEORGII ili. Cap. 4.

VII. And be it further enacted, That full and true Accounts and Entries of all the Monies which shall be collected, borrowed, and received, paid, laid out, and expended by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, and of all Debta due to or from the said Trustees, and all Orders, Resolutions, Determinations, Acts, and Proceedings which shall be made or done by the said Trustees in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, shall, from Time to Time, be duly and regularly entered in One or more Book or Books to be by the Clerk of the said Trustees kept for that Purpose; and that every Person whosoever may inspect and peruse such Book and Books at all reasonable Times gratis, and have Extracts or Copies thereof, paying at the Rate of Two-pence for every One hundred Words or Figures: And the Orders, Resolutions, Determinations, Acts, and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the Clerk, and, being so signed, shall be deemed and taken to be Originals; all which Books, and also the Books wherein are entered the Proceedings and Accounts of the Trustees in Execution of the said recited Acts or either of them, shall and may be produced, ad. mitted, and read in Evidence in all Courts and Places.whati'oever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls granted by the said first recited Act shall cease, and that instead thereof, the several Tolls herein-after mentioned shall be demanded and taken at every Toll Gate or Turnpike which shall be erected or continued jpon any of the said Roads by virtue of this Act, before any Horse,1 Ox, or other Beast, or Cattle, or any Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame: At all Times, except on Sunday, there shall be demanded

and taken the Tolls following, that is to say.

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chaise-Marine’ Calaih, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage drawn by Six Horses, or other Cattle or Beads, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Four Horses or other Cattle or Beads, the Sum of One Shilling*; and drawn by Two Hoifes or other Cattle or Beads, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by One Horse or other Cattle or Beast, the Sum of Sixpence: For every Waggon, Wain, Butt, Cart, or other such Carriage, drawn by Five or more Oxen, Horses, or other Cattle or Beasts, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Three or Four Oxen, Horses, or other Cattle or Bealls, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Oxen, Horses, or other Cattle or Beasts, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by One Ox, Horse, or other Cattle or Beast, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny: For every Horse. Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Beast of Burthen, laden or not laden, and not drawing, the Sum of Three Halfpence: For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Threepence for a Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum ot Eight-pence for a Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And on Sunday, there shall be demanded and taken Double the said several Tolls respectively.

Which said several Tolls herein-before mentioned shall be, and the same are hereby velted in the said Trustees, and the fame and every or any Part thereof shall be collected, levied, recovered, paid, applied, aligned.

29

42° GEORGII I'll. Cap. 4.

signed, varied, and disposed of in the same Manner and Form, and by such Way* and Means, and with such Remedies for the Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisions, and Redactions, as in the said recited Acts is expressed with respect to the Tolls by the said’ first recited Act granted, except as herein expressly declared or provided to the' contrary.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, no Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage (except such as shall be entitled to the Benefit of the Exemptions herein-after contained) having any Wheel, the Tire upon the Sole or Bottom of the Felly whereof, or having any Drag, or Thing uled as a Drag, the Sole or Bottom whereof shall deviate respectively more than a Half of an Inch from a flat or level Surface, or although it shall not deviate more than Half an Inch therefrom, shall not rife as nearly as may be with an equal and regular Gradation from the Edges thereof to the Center, shall pass or be drawn on any of the said Roads with a greater Number of Horses than are allowed to Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other such Carriages respectively, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Six Inches, by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Lams now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes and the Owner and Driver of every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, shall, for every Offence against the Provisions aforesaid, be respectively subject to the several Penalties imposed by the said Act on the Ownrr or Driver respectively, of Carriages drawn by more than the Number of Horses therein-limited to such Carriages respectively; which said Penalties shall and may be recovered in the same Manner, and under the fame Restrictions and Limitations, as the Penalties imposed by the said Act may be recovered.

X. And whereas it is expedient that the Powers vested in the Trustees

under the said first-recited Act, for the reducing and again advancing of the Tolls thereby granted, should be subjected to further Restrictions; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Powers shall be and the same are hereby repealed and made void, and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they or any Seven or more of them are hereby empowered, when and as soon as the greatest Part of the Money, which shall have been borrowed upon the Credit of the said first-recited Act and this Act, (Tall have been paid and discharged at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which and of the Measure to be proposed thereat. One Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given in Writing by the Clerk of the said Trustees, to be affixed on all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall then be erected upon the said Roads, and in some publick Newspaper printed in the said County, or, if there be none such, then in some publick Newspaper printed in some neighbouring County, and in general Circulation in the said County of Cornwall, from Time to Time to lessen or reduce all or any of the Tolls hereby granted for and during such Time,to commence not foonerthanTwo Calendar Months after such Meeting, as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; and afterwards at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, j, [loc. £<? Per.] H from

Carriageshaving Wheels, she Fellies whereof Hull detfhre more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface* shall not be drawn with a treater Number of Horlea than are allowed by the General Act to Carriage* having Wheelr.less than Six Inches broad.

Clause in the 13th Geo. 3. enabling the Trustees to reduce and advance the Tolls repealed.

New Power3 for that Pur-po/e.

’Tolls not to be It fit net I without the Consent of Creditors entitled to Five Sixths of the Debt , "remaining due on the Tolls. Nor without Six Week8 Notice to the Ceflee.

Who, upon giving 4oDays Notice to the Treasurer or Clerk, shall be released from their Contracts.

Former Exemptions repealed.

New Exemptions.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

from Time to Time, as they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the said Tolls so lessened to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the several Rates hereby granted.

XI. Provided nevertheless, That no such Tolls shall be lessened or reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Fire Sixths of the Money remaining due (if any) thereon; nor unless the Clerk of the said Trustees for the Time being shall deliver or cause to be delivered to every of the Leilces of the Tolls to be reduced, at least Six Weeks before the Day on which the Reduction shall commence, a true Copy of the Order for reducing the fame; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby required to release all and every such Lessees or Leflfee from his or their respective Contrafts or Contraft, upon the Day on which such Reduction shall commence: Provided he or they shall give Forty Days Notice in Writing to the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Trustees, of his or their Desire to be released therefrom.

XII. And whereas it is expedient that the several Exemptions from Payment of Toll allowed by the said first-recited Act, should be repealed, and that others less liable to Abuse should be substituted in their stead, be it therefore enacted, That all and singular the Exemptions from Toll allowed by the said first-recited Act shall be and the lame are hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act no Toll shall be demanded or received for any Horse or other Beast, or any Cattle or Carriage which shall be going unladen or empty for, or which shall be solely employed in conveying, or which shall be returning unladen or empty after having been employed only in conveying Materials for the Repair of any Turnpike Road or publick Highway, or Dung, Mould, Sand, Compost, or other Manure, for the manuring of Lands, or Hay, Straw, Fodder, Corn in the Straw, Potatoes, Turnips, or other Produce of Lands (except Timber, and the Loppings of Trees, Bark, and Underwood) unlold or not for Sale, and brought immediately from the Lands where the fame grew or were first ricked, {lacked, or housed, and intended to be confirmed by, or to be laid up in Store on the Prei mises of the Growerthereof, being an Inhabitant or Occupier of Lands lying in any of the Parishes through which any of the said Roads lead, or any Implements of Husbandry only being the Property of any such Inhabitant or Occupier; nor shall any Toll be taken for any Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, going to or returning from Water or Pasture, from One Pariflr to the next adjoining Parish, or from being shod or farried, which shall not in so going or returning pass upon any of the said Roads for more than the Space of Two Miles; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate going to or returning from his own I’arish Church, or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners j or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from their own Parish Church, or other Place of J&vjne Worship, situate in the Parish wherein such Person or Persons {half dwell, upon Sundays or any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or any Person or Persons going to or returning Irotn the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in either of the said Parishes; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horses or Carriages employed 3 or

3i

42° GEORGII in Cap. 4.

or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters or Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Post-master General, either when employed in conveying such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor for any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any such wounded or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or for Horses or Cattle employed only in the Conveyance of Vagrants fern by legal Pafles, or for Horses or other Beasts drawing any Carriage with, or carrying Passengers going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Cornwall on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall take or claim the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled thereto, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Liti- Toll CoMeiK gation shall arise, in any Way relating to the said Tolls, or in case of co,'p/t'.nt any Proceeding or Prosecution for the obtaining of any of the Penalties witnesses. imposed by the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, the Person or Persons appointed or duly authorized to collect the said Tolls, or any other Person acting by the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, Litigation, or Prosecutions

XIV. And whereas some Parts of the said Roads do or may lead over Fencing off or by Open Fields, Commons, or Waste Grounds, whereby the Tolls cinmoa, may be avoided, be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or mote of them, may cause Fences and Ditches to be erected and made over such Parts of such Fields, Commons, or Waste Grounds, as they shall think necessary in order to prevent the Payment of Tolls being avoided; and if any Person shall maliciously pull down, displace, or demolish any such Fence, or any Part thereof, or fill in or otherwise da mage any such Ditch, or any Part thereof, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Ten Shillings over and above the Expence of repairing or clearing the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall take away Penalty on any Materials which shall have been lawfully dug, gotten, or collected MatenXcai-for the Purposes of this Act; or if any Person (other than the Owner lecteii for re-or Occupier of any private Ground, and his Servant or Workman by his Direction, for his private Use only and not for Sale) shall dig, raise, or remove any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of procuring Materials for any of the said Roads, until the Surveyor or Surveyors thereof, or his or their Workmen shall have ceased for One Calendar Month to work therein, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Ten Shillings.

3:*

Exempting ttvj Occupier of Perron River Wharf from l oll, in Confiriera-t on of an annual Payment.

Exempting Carriages conveying Goods to and from certain Whaifs from Toil.

Charging the (Jwners ot Inch Wharf* with an annual bum.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

XVI. And whereas it is by the the said first recited Act provided. That no Turnpike Gate shall be trested within Two Miles of the Turnpike Gate erected at a Mace called Lower Carnan: And whereas the Purpose of the said Provision was in Consideration of their Payment of the annual Sum of Sixteen Pounds, to exempt the Occupiers of a certain Wharf called Perran River Hrbarf, from Toll, in respect of their using for the Purpose of their Trade, a certain Part of the Turnpike Road leading from Truro to Penryn, therein described, and the fame Purpose may be better effected in the Manner herein-after mentioned; be it enacted, That the said recited Provision shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that, in Consideration of the said annual Sum of Sixteen Pounds to be paid by the Occupiers of the said Wharf for the Time being, as in the said Act mentioned, no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any Turnpike Gate erected or to be erected on the said Road leading from Truro to Penryn, or on the Road leading from Truro to Helstone, for any Horse, Cattle, qr Carriage, which shall be employed, or shall be returning after having been employed only in conveying from or to the said Wharf to or from any Mine or Mines, any Ores or other Commodities, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Things for the U e thereof, or raised' therein, provided that such Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, do not travel or pals over the said last-mentioned Roads, or either of them, for more than the Space of Three Quarters of a Mile in going, and Three Quarters of a Mile id returning, in any One Day.

XVII. And whereas it is reasonable that the like Exemption should be extended, upon similar Conditions, to the Occupiers of the several other Wharfs, or Places of Trade herein-after mentioned; be it therefore further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any Turnpike Gate erected or to be erected on either of the Roads last-mentioned, for any Ilorfe, Cattle, or Carriage, which shall be employed, or shall be returning after having been employed only in conveying from or to the several Wharfs or Places of Trade herein-after mentioned, (that is to say). Point Pill, King Harry, Round IVwd, Newham, Dever on, Rejlronguet, and Jfarcourt, or either of them, to or from any Mine or Mines, any Ores or other Commodities, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Things, for the Use thereof, or raised therein; provided that such Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, do not travel or pass over the said last-mentioned Roads, or either of them, for more than the Space of Three Quarters of a Mile in going, and Three Quarters of a Mile in returning, in any One Day.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That during such Time as any such Horses, Cattle, or Carriages shall, by virtue of the said Exemption in the Conveyance of Ores, or any such other Things as aforesaid, to or from any of the said last-mentioned Wharfs or Places of Trade, pass Toll free through any such Gate, the Occupiers for the Time being of such Wharfs or Places of Trade respectively in Consideration thereof, do and shall pay, or cause to be paid to the Treasurer of the said Roads for the Time being, to be by him applied to the Purposes of the said recited Act, and this Act, the annual Sum of Sixteen Pounds by Two equal Payments, on the Twenty-fifth Day of December, and the Twenty-fourth Day of June in every Year, thefird Payment thereof to be made on such of the said Days as shall happen next after the Benefit of such Exemption shall be taken, and in Default thereof, the said Treasurer shall have the fame

Power

33

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

Power and Authority for the Recovery of the fame, or any Part thereof, as he can or may have or exercise by virtue of the said first-recited Act for the Recovery of the said annual Sum of Sixteen Pounds therein directed to be paid by the Occupiers for the Time being of Perran River IVbarf aforesaid, or any Part thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application <if awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, wh'c"e exceed* or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts, and this Act, in8I<io/*

for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Acts particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the fame dial I amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts, and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Parts thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid act'eding the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or like Uses,

Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who ^ould for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application

agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, compen&tion taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corpora- docs not cx-tion, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as afore- fe*<1 /-nof

said, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall

exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the [Lot. is' Per.~\ I fame

34-

Application "'lv re the M nsv i»lcjs tftan 20/.

Diflie's not unlawful for Want of Form.

Special Damages to be jecovered byr Action upon the Cafe. Plaintiffs not to recover without 2i Days Notice in Writing*

Nor after Tendej of Amends.

Defendant n.ay pay Money into Court.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

fame shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being en-tirleJ to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the lVrlon or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends anting thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be appiica le, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been encitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Arlsand this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Distress made under the said recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, shall be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party making it be deemed a Trespasser for Want of Form in the Proceedings, nor shall he be deemed a Trespasser ab initio on Account of any Irregularity afterwards committed, but the Person aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity, or for any Trespass or other wrongful Proceeding, unless Notice in Writing, signed by his, her, or their Attorney, i’pecifying the Cause of Action, shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants at least Twenty-one Days before the same shall have been brought; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and if no such Tender of Amends shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, (by Leave of the Court), at any Time before issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgements, shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences incurred in and about the applying for, preparing, obtaining, and passing of this Act, shall be paid out of any Money already raised by virtue of the said first-recited Act, or out of the First Monies to be raised by virtue of the said Act, and of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Place from the Expiration of the Term granted by the said first-recited Act, and shall continue in Force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Ad, and shall as such be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without the fame being specially pleaded.

35

Expences of the Ait.

Commencement amt Continuance of the Act.

[Publick Act.]

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Akdrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

' X

t jrt*

31.:

r>A Sfl

A Jlaii.'i/l

.41 /4 \l i 1; ' 5iC. D

: i L . j \ .' . .11

1 x<i f. ,'i: . I - 1

-j'nrt: a v.I

in r. i’ ...... 1 - - li »

...i,' '1, ' !o

1 V - li i

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 5,

An Act for repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town of Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent; and for suspending and varying, for a limited Time, so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Toll Gate, and to the Tolls now payable by virtue of the said Act, on the Road leading from the said City of Canterbury to the Isle of Thanet.

[19th March 1802.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town of Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, is much out of Repair, and in many Parts thereof, narrow, circuitous, frequently flooded, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages: And whereas it would be of rrreat publick Utility, and of much Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said City of Canterbury, and of [Lee. & Per.] K the

3«

Canterbury Paving Act recited.

Trustees fjr the First District.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

the said Town of Ramsgate, and the adjacent Country, if the said Road was repaired, altered, widened, and improved: And whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the IVnils of the City of Canterbury and the Liberties thereof, and also several Streets and other Places near or adjoining to the said City, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, Nnfances, and Annoyances therein, the Commissioners acting in the Execution thereof were (among other Things) empowered to cause to be erected One Turnpike, at any Distance not exceeding Three Miles from the North Gate of the said City, on the Road leading to the Isle of Thanet, and also a Toll House to such Turnpike, with suitable Outbuildings thereto; and certain Tolls, in the said Act mentioned, were, from and after the passing thereof, granted and allowed to be.demanded, taken, and received, at such Turnpike, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And whereas the said Commissioners, soon after the passing of the said Act, did, in pursuance thereof, cause such Turnpike to be erected on the said Road, at or near a certain Place called Vauxhall, in the Parish of Saint Mary Northgate, in the said City, within the Dillance before mentioned from the North Gate of the said City, and also a Toll House to such Turnpike, and have from that Time taken and received, and Hill do take and receive, at such Turnpike, the Tolls granted by the said Act, and have applied and Hill do apply such Tolls for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And whereas by virtue of the Powers granted by the said recited Act, the Commissioners appointed to put the fame in Execution, have borrowed the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds on the Credit thereof, the Whole of which Sum still remains unpaid: And whereas the Commissioners acting in Execution of the said Act, and the major Part in Value of the Creditors under the fame, being satisfied that it is expedient and necessary, for -.the Benefit of the Publick, and for the better carrying this present Act into Execution, that the Tolls payable by virtue of the said recited Act, at the said Turnpike at or near Vauxhall aforesaid, (which cannot be wholly repealed, without material Prejudice to the said Creditors), fiaould nevertheless be suspended during the Continuance of this Act, and thatfo much of the said recited Act as relates to such Tolls, should be varied or altered, upon such Terms, and in such Maimer as hereinafter mentioned, have consented and agreed, that the said Tolls shall be suspended, and the said Act be varied or altered accordingly: But the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be elsefted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, the High Sheriff of the said County of Kent for the Time being, the Knights of the Shire for the said County for the Time being, the Members of Parliament for the City of Canterbury for the Time being, the Members of Parliament for the Town and Port of Sandwich for the Time being, the Mayor and Recorder of the City of Canterbury for the Time being, the Mayor and Recorder of the Town of Fordwich for the Time being, the Honourable George Watson, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir

John

39

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

John Honywood, Sir John Fagg, Sir Henry Oxenden, Sir Narborough D’Aeth, Sir Brock William Bridges, Sir Horace Mann, Sir William Geary, Sir Philip Stephens, Baronets; Edward Aujlcn, Nathaniel Aujlen of Rams-gate, John Abbott of Saint Dunstan's, John Abbott the younger, of Saint Dunstan's, William Abbot of Canterbury, John Allen of Wefibeer, Benjamin Addley, Thomas Biggs, John Baker of Saint Stephen's, William Breton, Eliah Breton, Thomas Barrett, John Charles Beckingham Clerk, Edward Ty me well Brydges Clerk, John Bridges, William Bates, James Slad-den Browne, Cyprian Rondeau Bunce, William Bristow, Samuel Balderston, William Baldock, John Buckley, James Brooman, John Baker of Canterbury, John Brooman, Edward Boys, Edward Crayford, Ambrose Co/lard, Henry Collard of Gore Street, Henry Collard of Chijllett Park, Henry Collard of Sarr, Thomas Curling, William Chafy Clerk, John Cooper of Canterbury, William Carter M. D. John Camming, William Cantis, George Calmer, William Curtis, John Callaway, Henry Croafdill, John Crux, Francis Cobb, Francis Cobb the younger, John Cowell, Charles Dering, Cholmeley Dering, George Dering, Thomas Denne of Sarr, Edward Daniel the younger, John Dilnot of Sandwich, John Denne of Chijllett, Thomas Denne of JJpJlreet, Thomas De LaJ'aux, Charles Dclmar, John Elgar, Richard Elwyn, Thomas Evernden, James Evernden, Henry Godfrey Fauf-J'ett, Peter FeElor, John Minet FeClor, Thomas Foord, Richard Frend, John Fisher, John Farley Francis, Robert Furley, Thomas Godfrey, Thomas Gillow, William Garrow, Thomas Garrett, John Garrett, William Guy, John Gregory Clerk, Allen Grebell, Henry Gipps, James Goreley, Richard Herve Giraud, William Hammond of Saint Albans, John Springett Harvey, Thomas Hey D. D. James Hallett, Charles Hughes Clerk, William Hougham the younger, Richard Harvey Clerk, Richard Harvey the younger, Clerk, John Hooper, James Hacker, John Hodges, Richard Halford, Richard Halford the younger, John Halbet, Thomas Hammond, William Harnett, Thomas Hudson, William Hacker, Benjamin Hobday, James Henwood, George Hearne Clerk, Anthony Jennings, William Jones, Sampson Kingsford, William Kingsford, Gilbert Knowler, Henry Kemp, Henry Kirkby, George Keen, William Keen, John Lynch D. 1). John Lade, Samuel Lepine, John Monins, Richard Miiles, George May of Hearn, Richard Mount, William Miles, John Nutt, William Nutt, Aujlen Nea/ne, Henry Oxenden, William OJborn M. D. William Ovcnden, Robert Thomas Pyott, Thomas Watkinson Payler, John Plumptree, Thomas Pa-pillon, Gilbert Pembrook, James Petley, Isaac Pidduck, Thomas Parker, Herbert Packe M. D. Deane John Parker, William Pattefon, John Parnell, Charles Pout, Charles Robinson, Robert Rujhbrooke, Joseph Royle, Edward Reynolds, James Simmons, William Scott, Daniel Swinford, Nicholas Simons Clerk, Jacob Sharp, Mathew William Sankey, William Webjler Sankey, Thomas Edward Salmon, John Seuthee, Thomas Starr, George Stringer of Canterbury, George Stringer of Dovor, John Hol/ing-bery Stringer, Robert Stains, Thomas Simmonds, Richard Staines, Alexander Hanna Spratt, Jacob Sawkins, John Take, Edward Taylor, John Tucker Clerk, Henry Tritton, Edward Taddy, Henry Verden Clerk, Thomas Woodland, William Williamson Clerk, William Wilcox, James White, John Wigxell, and their Successors, to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing, altering, widening, and improving, that Part of the said Road from Canterbury to Ramsgate, which is lying between the End of a certain Lane called Cold Harbour Lane, in the Street called Northgate Street, in the

40

Trustees for the Second Uilti.tf.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

said City of Canterbury, near Jesus Hospital otherwise called Boys’s Hospital, in the said City, and that Point in the said Road through Sarr Street, where the fame divides and branches off in different Directions to Ramsgate and Saint Nicholas at Wade, in the said Me of Thanet, by and near to a certain Chalk Pit belonging to Thomas Denne Gentleman, there, and for making such new Cuts or Lines of Road as may be necessary or adviseable for the better Improvement of the fame Part of the said Road, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution, with regard to such Length of Road; which lame Length of Road before described shall be, and is hereby declared to be, the First District of Road, hereby directed to be repaired, altered, widened, and improved.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, the Knights of the Shire for the said County of Kent for the Time being, the Members of Parliament for the City of Canterbury for the Time being, the Members of Parliament for the Town and Port of Sandwich for the Time being, the Chairman of the Trustees of Ramsgate Harbour for the Time being, the Deputy Chairman of the fame Trustees for the Time being, the Mayor of the Town and Port of Sandwich for the Time being, the Honourable Francis Nathaniel Burton, the Honourable George Watson, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir John Hollywood, Sir John Fagg, Sir Henry Orender. Sir Narborough D’Aeth, Sir Brook William Bridges, Sir Horace Mann, Sir William Geary, Sir Philip Stephens, Sir Charles Kent, Sir John William Anderson, Baronets; William Abbott B. D. F.dward Aujlen, Nathaniel Aujlen of Ramsgate, John Abbott of Saint Dun/lan's, Stephen Bax, William Belfey, Thomas Belfey, Peter Blackburn, John Bourne, Edward Bushell, Benjamin Bushell, Peter Burgess, John Brooman, Edward Boys, Thomas Biggs, John Baker of Saint Stephen’s, William Breton, Eliah Breton, Thomas Barrett, John Charles Beckingham Clerk, Edward Tymewell Brydges Clerk, John Bridges, William Bates, James Sladden Browne, Francis Cobb, Francis Cobb junior, Ambrose Collard, Henry Collard, Henry Collard junior, Thomas Collett, Henry Cull, Daniel Curling, John Cutler, William Curtis, Daniel Curling junior, John Cooper of Saint Lawrence, John Cowell, Anthony Calvert, Thomas Curling, Edward Crayford, Henry Collard of Gore Street, James Ramsay Cuthbert, Joseph Duplock, Joseph Dyafon, Charles Dering, Cholmcley Dering, George Dering, ll homas Denne of Sarr, Edward Daniel the younger, John Dilnot of Sandwich, John Elgar, William Fox, Edward Foster, John Friend of Ramsgate, George Friend of Ramsgate, William Friend of Ramsgate, Henry Godfrey Faufett, Peter Fedor, John Minet Fedor, Thomas Foord, Thomas ForJ'yth, John Gibson, George Gibson, Robert George, John Gray, Thomas Godfrey, Thomas Gillow, William Garrow, Thomas Garrett, John Garrett, William Guy, John Gregory Clerk, William Garrett Clerk, George Hannam, Ambrose Harnett, John Harnett, William 1 omlin Harnett, William Humble, William Hammond of Saint Alban’s, John Springett Harvey, Thomas Hey D. D. William Hougham the younger, Richard Harvey Clerk, Richard Harvey the younger, Clerk, John Hooper, George Hooper, John Hodges, James Hacker, George Bafage Hope, John Holman, Henry Jeffard, Henry leffard junior, Anthony Jennings, Sampson Kings ford, William Lilleford, George Touch, John Lade, Christopher Mayhew, John Maxted, John Monins, Richard Milles, Bernard Mercer, Thomas Oakly, Henry Oxenden, William OJborn M. D. Daniel Peake, William Peake, Robert Thomas Pyott, Tho-3 mas

4a° GEORGII III. Cap. 5. 4*

mas TVatkinson Paper, ‘John Plumptre, Thomas Papillon, Gilbert Pembrook,

James Petley, George Quince, John Roberts, Charles Robinson, Robert Rujhbrooke, Paul Sackett, John Stevens, Richard Stevens, John Smith,

George Strivens, John Swinford, Daniel Swinford, James Smith, Jacob Savekins, James Strange, James Simmons, William Scott, John Smith, Edward Paddy, Richard Tomfon, James Town ley, John Toke, Edward Taylor, John Tucker Clerk, Robert Underdown, John Westbeach, John Winter, Thomas Wootton, Henry Wootton, Thomas Woodland, and their Sue. cessors, to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing, altering, widening, and improving the other Part of the said Road front Canterbury to RamJgate, which is lying between Sarr Street aforesaid and the said Town of Rams- ' gate, and for making such new Cuts or Lines of Road as may be necessary or adviseable for the better Improvement of the fame last-mentioned Part of the said Road, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution, with regard to such last-mentioned Length of Road; which fame Length of Road lad described shall be, and is hereby declared to be, the Second Didridl of Road, hereby directed to be repaired, altered, widened, and improved.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said respective No Aa valid,

Trustees shall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the a

fame be done at some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act

(except as may be herein excepted); and that all Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to the said respective Trustees, shall and may be ex-

ercifed from Time to Time by the major Part of them who shall attend may

at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, for each respective District of Road, the Number of such Trustees present at every such Meeting not being less than Five; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of such respective Trustees present at such their several and respective Meetings, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were made or done by all such respective Trustees for the Time being (save and except as may be herein excepted); and at every chairman to Meeting of the said respective Trustees, a Chairman shall and may be toluve'’

appointed, and when and as often as it shall happen that there shall be the casting

an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting, upon any Question, (includ- Vote’ ing the Vote of the Chairman), it shall be lawful for the Chairman to give the decidve or calling Vote.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall ^Tres*-?*" be capable of acting as a Trudee in any Case in the Execution of this Act, unless at the Time of his acting he shall have or be seised in his

own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, and be in the actual Possession,

Enjoyment, or Receipt, of the Rents and Profits of a Real Edate in the County of Kent, or in the City and County of Canterbury, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds above Reprizes, or be Heir Apparent of some Person or Persons seised of such an Edate of the clear yearly Value of Eighty Pounds, or be in Possession of or entitled to a Personal Edate to the Amount of Eight hundred Pounds, nor (except in adminidering the Oath or Affirmation herein-after specified) unless he shall have taken and subscribed, before any Two or more of the said respective Trustees,

(who are hereby authorized and empowered to adminider the fame), the Oath or Affirmation following; videlicet,

[.Loc. & Per.] L ‘ I DO

42

Oath.

Proceedings of Trustees not qualified, to be valid, notwithstanding any subsequent Conviction.

No Person holding any Place of Profit, to art as a Tiuftee, or where he is person ally interested

But Trnflees may ait as Justice*, except where personally in-tcreited.

Election of new Trustees.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

‘ T DO swear [or, being One of the Peopie called Quakers, do solemnly ‘ affirm], That I truly and bona fide am seised of in my own Right ‘ [or, in the Right of my Wife, as the Case may be~\ and in the actual ‘ Possession, Enjoyment, or Receipt, of the Rents and Profits of a Real ‘ Estate in Law or Equity, situate in the County of Kent [or, in the

City and County of Canterbury, as the Case may be\ of the clear

yearly Value of Forty Pounds, [or, am Heir Apparent of a Person,

who, to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief, is seised of such an ‘ Estate of the clear yearly Value of Eighty Pounds], [or, am possessed of

or entitled to a Personal Estate 'to the Amount of Eight hundred Pounds.]

So help me GOD.’

And if any Person not being so qualified, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparalance, shall be allowed; and every Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

V. Provided nevertheless, That all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have or enjoy any Place of Profit arising out of or by reason of the respective Tolls hereby granted, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee during his Enjoyment of such Place of Profit; nor shall any Trustee be capable of acting in any Case wherein he shall be personally interested, otherwise than as a Creditor on the respective Tolls hereby granted and made payable.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That such Trustees as are or shall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may in their respective Jurisdictions aft as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Trustee or Trustees shall die, or refuse to act, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees for each of the said Districts re-speclively, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, or under the Hands of any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to deft and appoint One other Person to be a Trustee in the Room or Stead of each Trustee so dying or refusing to act 5 but Notice of the

Time

43

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election of a new Trustee or Trustees shall be given, by the Cleric for the Time being, to the said respective Trustees, by inserting the fame in One or both of the Newspapers published in the said City of Canterbury, or if no Newspaper shall be published in the said City, then in some Newspaper circulated in the Eastern Parts of the said County of Kent, and affixing a Copy of such Notice on each of the Gates or Turnpikes which shall be then erected in the said respective Districts, at lead Ten Days before every such Meeting; and every such Person who shall from Time to Time be so elected and appointed anew Trustee as aforesaid, shall be and he is hereby vested wich the fame Powers for putting this Act into Execution, in the said respective Districts for which he shall be so elected and appointed, as if such Person had been named in and appointed a Trustee by this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees in the Execution of this Act, shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their respective Clerks; and that no Action which shall be commenced, sued, prosecuted, or defended, by or against the said respective Trustees, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their respective Clerks as aforesaid, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act or Default of such Clerk, without the Content of the respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a publick Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act; but the Clerk to the said respective Trustees for the Time being, shall be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in every such Action, as the Case may be.

X. Provided always, That each such Clerk, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall be reim'ourfed and paid, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Cods, Damages, and Charges, as by the Event of every such Proceeding he shall be put to, or become chargeable with, by Occasion of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the said First District shall meet in the Guildhall of the said City of Canterbury, and the said Trustees for the said Second District in the Town Hall of Rams-gate aforesaid, on the Second Monday next after the passing of this Add, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, of which respective Meeting Notice shall be given by Advertisement in such Newspapers or Newspaper as aforesaid, at lead Ten Days before such respective Meeting, by the Solicitors of this Act; and at which respective Meeting the said respective Trustees shall proceed in the Execution of this Act, in their respective Districts; and shall and may, at such respective Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act in their said respective Districts, from Time to Time adjourn them-(elves, and afterwards meet there, or at any other Place or Places in or near the said respective Districts, and at such Time or Times as the said respective Trustees shall think most convenient, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act into Execution; and if at any Meeting the re shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn to another Day (Two Trustees being deemed sufficient for the Purpose of

Adjournment

Tniftfes may sue and be sued in the Name ot their Clerk.

Clerk to be repaid his

Colhand

Expenses.

Time and

Places of the First Meeting of the respective Trutteea.

44

Trustees to defray their own Expences.

No Order, etc. to be revoked or altered but at a Meeting holden for the Purpos:, on Notice previously given.

Meetings on Emergencies.

Orders and Proceedings to be entered in Books, and admitted as Evidence.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

Adjournment only); or in case the respective Trustees, at any Time assembled, shallomit or refuse to adjourn, or shall adjourn for any longer Time than Three Calendar Months, then and in either of the said Cafes the Clerk to the said respective Trustees shall, by Notice to be inserted in such Newspapers or Newspaper, and affixed on such Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid, at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint the respective Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was holden, or was appointed to have been holden, or at some other convenient House in or near the said respective Districts, on that Day Three Weeks from the Day on which such Meeting was holden, or was appointed to have been holden; and in case the Clerk to the said respective Trustees shall refuse or neglect to give, or by any Means shall be prevented from giving such Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said respective Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting), at any Time or Times after the Space of Ten Days after such Refusal, Neglect, or Prevention of such Clerk, by Notice in their own Names, to be inserted and affixed in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the said respective Trustees to meec at some convenient House in or near the said respective Districts, upon that Day Three Weeks after the Date of such last mentioned Notice; and that the said respective Trustees, at all their Meetings, shall defray their own Charges and Expences.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or Proceeding, made at any Meeting of the respective Trustees holden in pursuance of this Act, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequenc Meeting, unless at a Meeting to be holden for that express Purpose, nor unless Notice, specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, be inserted in such Newspapers or Newspaper, and affixed on such Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid, at least Fourteen Days before such fub-sequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of Three Fourths of the Trustees present at such subsequent Meeting, shall decide in Favour of such Revocation or Alteration.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment it shall at any Time be thought necessary, by any Five or more of the said respective Trustees, that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than that Day to which the last Meeting shall have been adjourned, the Clerk to the said respective Trustees, by an Order in Writing, signed by such Five or more of the said respective Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting), appointing the Time, Place, and Purpose of such earlier Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting, in the Manner before directed, such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice; and all Proceedings of the said respective Trustees at such Meetings, to be appointed as last mentioned, shall be as valid as they would have been in case the respective Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Orders and Proceedings of the said respective Trustees in the Execution of this Act, with the Names of the Trustees present at each respective Meeting, shall be entered in Books to be kept by their respective Clerk for that Purpose, and signed by the respective Chairman and Clerk present at each Meeting, or either of them; and that every such Book shall be open at all seasonable Times,

to

45

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

to the Inspection of any of the said respective Trustees, or of the Creditors on the respective Tolls hereby granted and made payable, who shall be at Liberty to have and take Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom, paying for every Copy or Extrad, not exceeding One hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion for anygreateror lefsNumber of Words; which said Entries, duly signed as aforesaid, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be read and admitted as Evidence in Cafes of Appeal, and in all Suits or Actions, in any Court whatl'oever, touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees, at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, shall and may, by Writing under their Hands, or the Hands of any Five or more of them respectively, nominate and appoint One lit Person to be Clerk for each respective District, and the fame or One other fit Person to be Treasurer for the fame respective District, and Three or more fit Persons to be Collectors of the respective Tolls; and shall and may, within One Month after the Appointment of such respective Treasurers, require and take such Security from such respective Treasurers, and (if they shall think proper) from such other Officers, by Bonds or otherwise, for the due and faithful Discharge of their respective Offices, as to the said respective Trustees, at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, shall seem necessary and sufficient; and also shall and may, in like Manner, nominate and appoint One or more fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the said respective Districts, and also such other Officers as they or any Five or more of them respectively shall think necessary to employ in the Execution of this Act; and shall and may from Time to Time remove such respective Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers, as they or any Five or more of them, respectively shall fee Occasion, and appoint others, in Cafes of Death or such Removal; and that out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, in each respective District, such Allowances and Coinpensations shall and may be made to the several Officers, to be appointed as aforesaid, and to such other Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem proper.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and other Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time when thereunto required by the said respective Trustees, deliver to such respective Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account, in Writing under their respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, collected, or received, by virtue of this Act, and how, and to whom, and for what Purpose the fame or any Part thereof hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall verify their said respective Accounts upon Oath; and such Officers and Persons shall and they are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said respective Trustees shall appoint to receive the same; and if any of the said Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to render or give such Accounts as afore-laidj or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to

[Ltc. d? Per.] M the

T rill tees may appoint Officers and allow them Salaries,

Officers to account on Oath

46

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof on Oath (which Oath the said respective Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to administer), or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands, when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid; or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said respective Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, within Four Days after being the reunto^equired by the said respective Trustees or their Clerk, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings, in their respective Custody or Power, in anywise relating to the Execution of this Att, or to the said respective Districts, and Complaint shall be made of any such Refusal or Neglect to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing shall be or reside, by the said respective Trustees, or by any Person or Persons on their Behalf, duly authorized by their Order made at some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act,* such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to summon such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to appear before him, and upon his, her, or their not appearing according to such Summons, then by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to be apprehended and brought before him, and upon his or their appearing, or being brought before him, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a fumtnary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in such Manner as the said respective Trustees might have done according to the Directions of this Act; and if upon the Settlement of such Account or Accounts, or upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, forthwith, or at such Time or Times as he shall allow and appoint for the Payment of the fame, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if Goods or Chattels shall not be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale; or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, when present before the said Justice at the Time and Place by him appointed for that Purpose, shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to the said Justice an Account or Accounts of his, her, or their Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truth of any such Account, or of the Articles thereof, upon Oath as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings, in his, her, or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said respective Districts in anywise, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, the said Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol or Ploufe of Correction in and for the County, District, or Place where he, she, or they shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he, she,.or they

47

42° GEORGII III. Cap.

they shall have delivered in and settled his, her, or their Accounts, and shall have verified the fame on Oath, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in his, her, or their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale as shall in that respect have been made, or until he, (lie, or they shall have compounded with the said respective Trustees, and paid the Composition Money to the said respective Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint to receive the same vand which Composition the said respective Trustees are hereby in such Case empowered to make), or until he, she, or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or shall have given Satisfaction in respect thereof, to the said respective Trustees: Provided always, that no Person shall be committed for Want of sufficient Distress only, for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, absconding, Misbehaviour, or Absence of any Collector or Receiver of the respective Tolls, any Three or more of the said respective Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting holden in pursuance of this Act, shall and may from Time to Time nominate and appoint One other proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of ‘the said respective Tolls, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver so dying or becoming incapable, or absconding, misbehaving, or absenting him or herself, until the next Meeting of the said respective Trustees to be holden in pursuance of this Act, which Person, so nominated and appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner, in all Respects, as the Person in whose Room or Stead he or she shall have been so appointed would have had or been subject to; and that, if any Collector or Receiver of the said respective Tolls, who shall be discharged from his said Office by the said respective Trustees, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die, abscond, absent himself, or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse or neglect to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building to be erected or set up by virtue of this Act, and the Garden and Appurtenances belonging to the fame, for the Space of Four Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given or left on the Premises for that Purpose, by or under the Hands of any Three or more of the said respective Trustees, or their Clerk or Treasurer, then and in any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which such Toll House or Building shall be, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer within the same County or Place, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day Time, and to remove the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and all and every Person and Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the fame, and to put the said respective Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or their Clerk, or their new-appointed Officer, into the Possession thereof, with the Appurtenances.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the said First District, shall and may erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set

up,

Trultef I may appoint tem-

f«oi a y Col-ectors.

Power to erect Turnpikes and ToU Houses-

4s

Turnpikes not to be creeled on certain Parts of the Road.

Tolls to be taken on the Road between Canterbury ;uid Sam

Toll* to be taken on the Road between Sarr and R amfgatt%

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

up, Two or more Gates or Turnpikes, in, upon, and across that Part of the said Road which is lying within the same District; and that the said Trustees for the said Second District shall and may erect and fee up, or cause to be erected and set up, One or more Gate or Turnpike, Gates or Turnpikes, in, upon, and across that Part of the said Road which is lying within the same last-mentioned District; and also shall and may respectively erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, across or on the Sides or Side of any Part of the said Road in their said respective Districts where any Highway joins or meets the fame, as many Side Gates or Turnpikes as the said respective Trustees shall think proper, with a Toll House, and proper and necessary Buildings, Gardens, Conveniencies, and Fences, at or near to each such Gate or Turnpike, whether across the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, and shall and may respectively purchase and take Land sufficient for such Toll Houses, with necessary Accommodations thereto: Provided nevertheless, that no such Gate, Side Gate, or Turnpike, shall be erected or set up in, upon, or across the Road lying between Sarr Bridge and Sarr Street, or in Sarr Street, or in, upon, or across the present Road from Sarr Street to Saint Nicholas at Wade aforesaid, and to the Road commonly called The Summer Road, leading through Sarr Lane to the Town of Margate, in the said Isle of Thanet.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Tolls following, shall be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees for the said First District shall from Time to Time appoint, at each of the said Gates, and Side Gates, or Turnpikes, on that Part of the said Road which is lying within the same District, before any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Carriage, of whatsoever Name or Description, the Sum of Sixpence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence

For every Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number than a Score: And

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; andfo in proportion for any less Number than a Score:

And that the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees for the said Second District shall from Time to Time appoint, at each of the said Gates, and Side Gates, or Turnpikes on that Part of the said Road which is lying within the same last-mentioned District, before any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Carriage, of whatsoever Name or Description, the Sum of Three-

49

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Halfpenny

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any less Number than a Score

And for every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or I.ambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any less Number than a Score.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Tolls shall be, Toils vested.m and they are hereby vested in the said respective Trustees; and a Table Trufaetj thereof respectively shall be put up and continued at each Turnpike Gate

and Side Gate where the same are respectively payable; and if any Per- p;f

son or Persons subject to the Payment of ar.y such Tolls, shall, after De- trefsamfsaic. mand thereof made, refuse or neglect to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said respective Tolls, by himself, herself, or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he, she, or they shall think necessary (and which Affid-ance all Persons are hereby required to give, if called upon), to seize and distrainany Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead or Cattle, upon which such Toll is by this Act imposed, together with their Bridles, Saddles, Geers, Harness, or Accoutrements; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining, shall and may fell the Horse or Iiorfes, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Bead, or Cattle, or their Bridles, Saddles, Geers, Harness, or Accoutrements, so seized or didrained, or a fufTIcient Part thereof, returning the Overplus (if any), and what shall remain unfold, on Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such Seizure and Didrefs, shall be deducted and paid.

XXI. Provided always, That between the last Day of October and the Doub); Tolls Fird Day of May, there shall be demanded and taken, at each and every certain Cafes. Gate, and Side Gate or Turnpike, erected in both of the said Didricts,

an additional Toll, equal to the Toll then payable at each and every such Gate, and Side Gate or Turnpike, for every Horse or other Bead of Draught, drawing any Carriage laden with any Timber, Tree or Trees,

Hop Poles, or other Poles called Vfe Stuff.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Tolls to be or Persons shall have paid the respective Tolls by this Act granted and af- a’o.iy at?h"CC certained, for thepading of any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, through Tame Gate, any Gate, Side Gate, or Turnpike, erected by virtue of this Act, the same Person or Persons, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, shall be permitted to pass and repass through the fame Gate,

Side Gate, or Turnpike, with the fame Horse, or other Bead or Cattle,

Toll free, at any Time or Times during the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in One Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night); which Note or Ticket the Collectors or Receivers of [Loc.&Per.'] N the

50

Tolls to be paid but Once a Day betw een Canterbury and Sarr.

Tolls to be paid but Once a Day between Sarr and Kamfgate.

No Toll to be demanded fjr only eroding the Road.

Disputes concerning Tolls to be (ettled by a Justice.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

the said respective Tolls for the Time being, are hereby required to give gratis (if demanded), on the Payment of such Toll.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls hereby granted and made payable on that Part of the said Road which is lying within the said Firit District, to demand or take any more than One Toll (such One Toll being either a single or double Toll, as the Case may be, and being to the full Amount of the Toll or Tolls then payable at the Gate, Side Gate, or Turnpike where the same shall be paid), in any One Day (such Day to be computed as aforesaid), from the same Person or Persons, for or in respect of the fame Horse, or other Beall or Cattle passing and repassing through any other Gate, Side Gate, or Turnpike, on the fame Part of the said Road within the same District; all and every such Person or Persons producing a Note or Ticket, that the said Toll has been paid in that Day on such Part of the said Road as aforesaid, which Note or Ticket the Collector or Receiver to whom such Toll shall be paid is hereby required to give gratis (if demanded), on the Payment of such Toll.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls hereby granted and made payable on that Part of the said Road which is lying within the said Second Dif-trict, to demand or take any more than One Toll (such One Toll being either a fmgle or double Toll, as the Case may be, and being to the full Amount of the Toll or Tolls then payable at the Gate, Side Gate, or Turnpike where the same shall be paid), in any One Day (such Day to be computed as aforesaid), from the same Person or Persons, for or in respect of the fame Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, passing and repassing through any other Gate, Side Gate, or Turnpike, on the fame last mentioned Part of the said Road, within the same last mentioned District, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Note or Ticket that the said Toll has been paid in that Day on such last mentioned Part of the said Road as aforesaid, which Note or Ticket the Collector or Receiver to whom such Toll as last mentioned shall be paid, is hereby required to give gratis (if demanded), on the Payment of such Toll.

XXV. Provided also, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any Side Gate or Turnpike within either of the said Districts, for any Horse, or other Beast or Cattle which shall only cross the said Road, and which shall not go or travel or be driven thereon, exceeding the Distance of One Quarter of a Mile.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Charges of taking, keeping, or felling any Distress or Distreffes, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person taking such Distress to retain the fame, or the Money arising by Sale thereof, as the Case may happen, until the Quantity of Tolls due, and the Charges of taking, keeping, and felling such Distress or Distresses, shall be ascertained, either by some Justice of the Peace for the County of Kent, or by the Mayor or some other Justice of the Peace for

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5. 51

for the City of Canterbury, or for the Town and Port of Sandwich, or for the Town of Fordwich (in their respective Jurisdictions), who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Paid Matter on the Oath of the Parties, or of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which.

Oath any such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), and determine the Quantity of the Tolls due, and aflTefs the Charges of such Seizure,

Distress, Keeping, and Sale, and also of the Collectors Attendance on such Justice for that Purpose; all which Sums so determined or assessed shall be paid to the said Collector or other Person, before he shall be obliged to return any Distress, or the Overplus Money after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said respective competent Tolls, or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the witnesses. fame respectively, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said respective Trustees, shall be and are hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of Turnpikes all the said respective Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and other Buildings, Ho, vested with the Gardens, Fences, and Appurtenances thereto respectively to be mthe respecterected or provided, upon, at the Side of, or near the said Rqad, in the tiveTrciee* said respective Districts, and of the Materials for building or altering the fame respectively, and all the Materials, Tools, and other Things which shall be provided, collected, or made Use of for making, repairing, or improving the said Road, or for executing this Act in the fame respective Districts, shall be, and the fame respectively are hereby vested in the said respective Trustees for the Time being; and they the said respective Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered to bring Actions or to prefer Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons w’ho shall steal, take away, or damage any of such Turnpikes, Toll Houses, or other Buildings, Gardens, Fences, Materials, Tools, or other Things as aforesaid, or refill or disturb the said respective Trustees, or any of their respective Collectors, or other Officers in the Possession thereof, or of any of them, or in the Execution of their or his Duty under this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees, Trufletsmay at any Meeting to beholden for that Purpose in their respective Districts lo"erTolls (whereof Twenty Days Notice shall be inserted in such Newspapers or aglin^'iVne'- Newspaper, and affixed on such Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid) may, cessary. and they respectively are hereby empowered, from Time to Time to lower

or reduce all or any of the said respective Tolls hereby granted, and also any additional Tolls payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for Over-weight, in such Manner as to them respectively shall seem fit and convenient, and to order such respective Tolls, so lowered or reduced, to be collected and received in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions as they respectively shall think fit, so as such Reduction be no Prejudice to, and be with the Consent of Three-fourth Parts in Value of the several Persons who shall have advanced any Money on the Credit of this Act within the said respective Districts at the Time of such Reduction; and

52

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

the said respective Trustees may, and they respectively are hereby empowered to raise the said respective Tolls again, or any Part thereof, so as the fame do not exceed the respective Tolls herein-before granted, and now payable by any such Act or Acts of Parliament as aforesaid; and such respective Tolls so lowered or reduced and raised again, shall be collected, recovered, and applied in the same Manner as the respective Tolls herein-before granted and now payable as aforesaid, are respectively directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.*

Trustees may

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Tol'is?Un for respective Trustees from Time to Time to compound, for One Year only, or for any less Period of Time, as they respectively shall think proper, with any Person or Persons, for any Horses, Bealls, or Cattle, travelling on the said Road in their said respective Districts, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Horses, Bealls, or Cattle at the Gates, Side Gates, or Turnpikes, in each respective District; and all such Composition Money shall be paid in Advance quarterly, or otherwise as the said respective Trustees shall appoint, and in Default thereof the Composition shall be void.

Penalty on

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall using^rfcketT dispose or offer to dispose of any Ticket to any other Person or Persons, in to evade the order to evade the Payment of any of the said respective Tolls, every such Person so offering or disposing of such Ticket or Tickets, and the Person or Persons receiving and making Use of the fame, shall respectively forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act, within the said respective Districts.

Trustees em-

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees leafiTthetU may, and they respectively are hereby authorized and empowered, at any

Tolls, Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, upon Fourteen Days

Notice being inferred in such Newspapers or Newspaper, and affixed oh such Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid, to lease or farm all the respective Tolls granted by this Act in their said respective Districts, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, at and for the largest yearly Sum or Sums which can be gotten for the fame; provided every such Lease or Agreement be made in Writing, and duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming the said Tolls respectively, and by any Five or more of the said respective Trustees, and be not made for more than Three Years at any One Time; and that the Monies which shall be so agreed to be paid for the said respective Tolls, shall be made payable and be paid to the Treasurer of the said respective Trustees for each respective District as aforesaid, by quarterly Payments, and that the Person or Persons to whom the said respective Tolls shall be so leased, shall always pay One Quarter’s Rent in Advance; and that the Person or Persons to whom the said respective Tolls shall have been leased or farmed as aforesaid, shall be liable to account for the fame Rent to the said respective Trustees, and the same shall and may be levied and recovered upon and from him or them by the fame Ways and Means and in such Manner as any Monies are herein directed to be levied and recovered, from any Officer or other Person appointed by, and liable to account with, the said respective Trustees as aforesaid-

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5. 53

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded Exemptions or taken in either of the said respective Districts for any Horse, Cattle, <rom to'1-or Beast, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed

only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, Stone, Brick, Timber,

Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Road doth lie, or undried Hops, Green Clover for foiling Cattle, Hay, Straw,

Corn in the Straw, or Wool not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, employed in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Sullage, Comport, or Manures (except Lime and Chalk) employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattlegoingtoor returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being Ihoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship, tolerated by Law, on any Sun day, or on; ny other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon other his parochial or ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses,

Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for the Horses of any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriages attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Cattle or Carriages employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Partes, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin,

Chariot, Calalh, or Chair, or conveying any Passenger on Horseback going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the County of Kent, or of a Citizen or Citizens, Burgess or Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the City of Canterbury, or for the Town and Port of Sandwich, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Occupier Penalty on

of any Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Road, or near to any g

of the said Turnpikes, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or ami on Person* Persons to pass through or over any Part of their said Lands, or through going,through any Gate, Passage, Inclosure, or private Way, with any Horse, Cattle, Grounds, ta or Carriage; or if any Person or Persons shall pass through or over any av°’ld 'h« such Lands, Gate, Passage, Inclosure, or private Way, with any Horse, Toll,'

Cattle, or Carriage; or if any Person or Persons shall take off or cause

, [Lee. & Per.] 0 to

54

Power to remove Gates within the Limits prescribed:

But no Gate to be rexnov ed, unless a Mretirg is held for the Purpose.

Trustees enabled to borrow Money on the Credit of the Tolls.

42° GEORGII ITT. Cap. .5.

to be taken off from any Carriage any Ilorfe or other Beast, or any Part of the Loading of any such Carriage, in order to lessen or reduce its Weight, whereby the Payment of any of the said respective Tolls, or any Part thereof respectively, is or may be avoided, every Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings nor less than Thirty Shillings.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ic shall be lawful for the said respective Trustees from Time to Time to take down and remove any Gate, Side Gate, or Turnpike, and any Toll House, Building, er other Conveniences erected or provided by virtue of this Act, in their said respective Districts, and to set up the fame again at any other Place or Places within the same respective Districts, except as herein-before is mentioned: Provided nevertheless, that no Gate, Side Gate, or Turnpike to be erected or set up by virtue of this Act, shall at any Time after the same shall be so set up, be taken down or removed to any other Place, except by Order of the said respective Trustees, at a Meeting convened for that Purpose, and unless Notice specifying the Intention of taking down and removing such Gate, Side Gate, or Turnpike, and the Place to which the fame is proposed to be removed, be inserted in such Newspapers or Newspaper, and affixed on such Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid. Twenty-one Days at lealt before such Meeting; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the said First District shall and may, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money which they shall think necessary and sufficient (not exceeding the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds in the Whole), for the repairing, altering, widening, and improving that Part of the said Road which is lying within the said First District, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution in respect of the fame Dittrift, upon the Credit of the said respective Tolls herein-before granted and made payable at the several Gates, Side Gates, or Turnpikes, on that fame Length of Road; and that the said Trustees for the said Second District shall and may in like Manner, from Time to Time borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money which they shall think necessary and sufficient (not exceeding the Sum of Four thousand Pounds in the Whole), for the repairing, altering, widening, and improving the other Part of the said Road which is lying within the said Second District, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution in respect of the fame lait mentioned District, upon the Credit of the said respective Tolls herein-before granted and made payable at the Gate or Turnpike, or several Gates, Side Gates, or Turnpikes on the fame last mentioned Length of Road; and that the said respective T. rustees shall and may from Time to Time, by Assignment or Mortgage, in Writing under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of them respectively, assign over or mortgage the said respective Tolls, on the Credit whereof respectively any such Sum or Sums of Money shall or may be borrowed and taken up as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts of such Tolls respectively (the Charges of such respective Assignments or Mortgages to be paid oul of such respective Tolls), for any Term during

- the

55

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for the Repayment of such Sum and Sums of Money which shall or may be borrowed and taken up upon the Credit of such respective Tolls as aforesaid, together with Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Interest to be paid and payable by equal quarterly Payments, at the Dwelling House of the respective Treasurer for the Time being to the said respective Trustees; all which Arguments or Mortgages shall be in the Words or to the Effect following j (videlicet),

‘ DY virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

[Here insert the Title of this Act We Five of the Trustees, acting in

Execution of the said Act, for the First [or, Second, as the Case may

6e[\ District of Road therein mentioned, in Consideration of the Sum of paid by to the Treasurer

to the Trustees for the fame District, Do hereby grant, bargain, fell,

and demise unto the said his [or, her] Exe-

cutors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls ‘ arising by vircue of the said Act, within the said District, as the said

Sum of doth or shall bear to the

‘ whole Sum which may at any Time be borrowed, or become due and - owing, or charged on the Credit thereof, to be had and holden from

this Day of in the Year of our

Lord , for and during the

Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

with Interest at the Rate of

per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given

under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Assignments or Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by each respective Clerk to the said respective Trustees, and which said Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected by the said respective Trustees or Mortgagees, or any Person or Persons on their Behalf, without Fee or Reward; and every Person to whom any such Assignment or Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time transfer his or her Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit to the fame, and to the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any other Person or Persons whomsoever, by any Writing under his or her Hand and Seal, before One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, in the Words or to the Effect following j (videlicet),

T [or, We, as the Case

1 may be] being entitled to the Sum of

‘ secured to Executors, Administrators, and Af-

« signs, by virtue of an Assignment or Mortgage, bearing Date the

Day of under the Hands

and Seals of of the Trustees acting in Execution.of an

‘ Act of Parliament made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His Majesty

form of Mortgage.

Creditors mly assign their Securities.

Form of Assignment.

56

Alignments to b- registered.

Notice to be given previous to borrowing Money

Tolls payable at the I um-pike at Faux-hall Appended.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

‘ Majesty King George the Third, intituled [Here insert the 'Tide of this

dft], for the First [or Second, as the Case may be~] District of Road ‘ therein mentioned, upon the Credit of the said Act, Do hereby transfer

all my [or our, as the Case may be~\ Right and Title in and to the fame, ‘ and all the Principal and Interest Money now due and owing thereon,

unto Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

‘ Dated this Day of in the Year of

our I ord

6 Witness hereto.’

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the respective Clerks for the Time being to the said respective Trustees, within Twenty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, in the before-mentioned Book or Books, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, for which the fame Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings; and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee or Assignees may in like Manner transfer the fame again, and so toties quoties, and every such subsequent Transfer shall in like Manner as aforesaid be produced and notified to the said respective Clerks, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, and shall be paid the like Sum for making the same as aforesaid; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except such to whom the same shall be last transferred), to make void, release, or discharge the original Security, or Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be made by virtue of this Act, shall be, in proportion to the Sums of Money therein respectively mentioned. Creditors on the respective Tolls upon the Credit whereof respectively the same shall be borrowed, in equal Degree One with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Assignments or Mortgages respectively.

XXXVII. Provided nevertheless, That before any Money shall be borrowed, as aforesaid, Twenty-one Days Notice at the leaf! shall be given in such Newspapers or Newspaper, and affixed on such Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid, signifying the Intention of borrowing such Money.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Tolls now payable by virtue of the said recited Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, at the said Turnpike at or near Vauxhall aforesaid, and all Exemptions from any Tolls by the same Act allowed at the said Turnpike, shall be and the fame respectively are hereby declared to be suspended during the Continuance of this Act; and that in lieu thereof the said Trustees appointed to put this Act in Execution within the said First District, shall and they are hereby required, out of the Tolls granted by this Act, and made payable at the Gates, Side Gates, or Turnpikes on the said Part of the said Road which is lying within the said First District, to pay or cause to be paid to the Commissioners for the Time being acting in Execution of the said recited Act, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, the Sum

57

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

of One hundred and thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, yearly and every Year during the Continuance of this Act, the same to be paid by Four equal quarterly Payments in every Year, and the First:

Payment thereof to begin and be made at the End of Three Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, which said yearly Sum of One hundred and thirty Pounds, shall be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said recited Act, in the fame Man- t

ner as the said Tolls hereby suspended would or ought to have been applied and disposed ofin case this Act had not been made; and that in case the said yearly Sum of One hundred and thirty Pounds, herein-before directed to be paid by the said Trustees for the said First District, or any quarterly Payment of the fame, shall not be paid within Twenty-one Days next after the same shall become due and payable as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Time being acting in Execution of the said recited Act, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to sue for and recover the fame yearly Sum of One hundred and thirty Pounds, and the quarterly Payments thereof, by Action of Debt or upon the Cafe, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk frr the Time being, against the said Trustees for the said First District, or their Treasurer for the Time being, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with full Costs of Suit; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time in that Behalf appoint, and they and he is and are hereby fully authorized and empowered from Time to Time to enter upon and take Possession of the said Turnpike and Toll House at or near Vauxball aforesaid, or any other of the Gates, Side Gates, or Turnpikes and Toll Houses to be erected by virtue of this Act, and then Handing within the said First District, and to demand, collect, and receive the Tolls granted by this Act, and then payable at such Gates, Side Gates, or Turnpikes, until full Payment of all Arrears of the said yearly Sum of One hundred and thirty Pounds, together with the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences attending such Entry and Possession, and the demanding, collecting, and receiving of the said Tolls for such last mentioned Purpose: Provided ne- This Act nd< vertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to' t'ifp--nd the extend, to suspend the Payment of the Duty on Coal, Coke, and Cinder, co»ls,°/r. now payable at the said Turnpike at or near Vauxball aforesaid, or the Tolls granted by the said recited Act, which are thereby authorized and allowed to be demanded, taken, and received, and which are now collected, at a certain other Turnpike at or near Harbledown, on the Road leading from the said City to London.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Turnpike and of this Act, and during the Continuance thereof, the Right and Property at

of and in the said Turnpike and Toll House, with the Appurtenances, at ,^<1 in or wtvcVauxball aforesaid, shall be, and the same are herjby vested in the Trutlee-.. said Trustees appointed to put this Act in Execution within the said First District, for the Purpose of collecting the reat, dming the Continuance of this Act, the Tolls hereby granted and made payable on that Part of the the said Road which is lying within the same District; and the said last mentioned Trustees are hereby empowered to cause any Action to be brought, and any Bill of Indictment to be preferred against any Person or Persons who shall steal, breakdown, takeaway, injure, or spoil the fame respectively, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as is herein [ hoc. Per.] P enacted

58

Provision for continuing to collect the Duty on Coal, (sic.

The Tolls hereby fuf-pendeO, when to revive.

Application of the 1 oils, (sic. between Canterbury and Sarr.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

enacted and declared with respect to the Gates, Side Gates, or Turnpikes and Toll Houses, to be erected by the said Trustees, by virtue of this Act; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be appointed by the said Trustees for the said First Dif-trict, to collect and receive the Tolls granted by this Act at the said Turn-pike at or near Vauxhall aforesaid, shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby authorized and required, during the Continuance of this Act, to collect and receive the Duty granted by the said recited Act on all Coal, Coke, or Cinder, which shall be brought or conveyed through the said Turnpike, according to the Directions of the said recited Act, and duly pay all the Monies which he, she, or they shall so collect and receive, for or in respect of the said Duty at the said Turnpike, to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, for the Uses and Purposes in the said recited Act mentioned, at such Time and in such Manner, and according to such Orders and Directions, and under and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, as any Collector or Receiterof the said Duty immediately appointed by the said Commissioners is or ought by the said recited Act to collect, receive, and pay the fame, or is or would be subject or liable to; and that neither the said Person or Persons nor the said Trustees, shall a(k, demand, or receive, of or from the said Commissioners, any Allowance, Gratuity, Fee, or Reward, for collecting and paying the fame, the said Commissioners only providing and furni thing all Books, Tickets, and Papers necessary or proper to be made Use of in collecting and receiving the said Duty.

XLI. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That from and immediately after the Expiration of the Term of Years for which this Act is hereby enacted to be in Force and have Continuance, the said Tolls hereby suspended as aforesaid, shall revive and become again payable, and be demanded, taken, and received, at the said Turnpike at or near Vauxhall aforesaid, under the Authority of the said reci.ed Act, and the said Turnpike and Toll House, with the Appurtenances, shall be again vested in the Commissioners for the Time being, acting in Execution of the same Act, in the fame or the like Manner, and for the fame Intents and Purposes in every Respect, as if this Act had never been made; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arifeby the respective Tolls hereby granted and made payable at the several Gates, Side Gates, or Turnpikes, on that Part of the said Road which is lying within the said First District, and which m3y be borrowed on the Credit thereof, as aforesaid, and all other Monies and Payments whatsoever arising and to be paid or received as Compositions, Fines, or otherwise, by Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, within and for the said First Dif-rrict, shall be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees acting within and for the fame District; and the fame respectively shall be applied and disposed of, in the First Place, in Payment and Discharge of a proportionable Part of all the Colts, Charges,

*. and

59

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act; and in the next Place, in paying to the Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or their Treasurer for the Time being, the aforesaid yearly Sum of One hundred and thirty Pounds, herein-before granted and directed to be paid in lieu of the Tolls payable by the said recited Act, and hereby suspended as aforesaid; and afterwards in paying and discharging the Interest and Principal of the Monies to be borrowed, by virtue of this Act, in respect of that fame District, and the Charges and Expences of repairing, altering, widening, and improving the said Part of the said Road which is lying within the Tame District, and all other Charges and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, in respect of that fame Length of Road; provided nevertheless, that the said yearly Sum of One hundred and thirty Pounds, in the First Place, and the Interest of the Monies to be borrowed by virtue of this Act on the said Part of the said Road which is lying within the said First District, in the next Place, shall from Time to Time be duly and regularly paid, as the fame respectively shall become due and payable, out of the Tolls to be collected within the same District, before such Tolls shall be applicable to any other Purpose whatsoever.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise by the respective Tolls hereby granted and made payable at the Gate or Turnpike, Gates, Side Gates, or Turnpikes on the other Part of the said Road which is lying within the said Second District, and which may be borrowed on the Credit thereof as aforesaid, and all other Monies and Payments whatsoever arising and to be paid or received for Competitions, Fines, or otherwise, by Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, within and for the said Second District, shall be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees acting within and for the fame District, and the fame respectively shall be applied and disposed of, in the First: Place, in Payment and Discharge of a proportionable Part of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and afterwards in paying and discharging the Interest and Principal of the Monies to be borrowed by virtue of this Act in respect of the fame last mentioned District, and the Charges and Expences of repairing, altering, widening, and improving the said Part of the said Road which is lying within the same District, and all other Charges and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution in respect of the said last mentioned Length of Road; provided also, that the Interest of the Monies to be borrowed by virtue of this Act on the said last mentioned Part of the said Road which is lying within the said Second District, shall in the First Place from Time to Time be duly and regularly paid, as the fame respectively shall become due and payable out of the Tolls to be collected within the same last mentioned District, before such Tolls shall be applicable to any other Purpose whatsoever.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall be borne and paid between the said respectiveDiftrifts, in proportion to the total Amount of the Tolls to be collected therein respectively within the First Year after the passing of this Act, first deducting from

Application of the Toll* between Sarr and Ram/gate*

Costs of obtaining this Act to bt proportion-ab'y divided between the Two Paris of the Road.

6o

Trusteeo may make, alter,

and diveit the Road.

Bodies Politick, &c. empowered to fell.

Where Owners of Lands refuse to treat,

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

the Amount of the Tolls colleCled within the said First District the aforesaid yearly Sum of One hundred and thirty Pounds, charged thereon as aforesaid; and the said respective Trustees are hereby required and directed to apportion and pay the fame thereout accordingly.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees shall be, and they respectively are hereby fully empowered, from Time to Time, as they respectively shall think proper, to make, divert, widen, turn, shorten, vary, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the Road comprized in this Act, lying within their respective Districts; and that the said Road, or any Variation thereof, may be made of any Width, not exceeding Forty Feet; and that any Alteration, Diversion, Variation, or Widening of Road, may be made through any Common or Waste Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private or inclosed Lands or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may sustain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Trustees, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purchase thereof, or for the I.ofs or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain, by the making, widening, diverting, or changing the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road through such Lands and Hereditaments; and it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, and other Trustees whatsoever, not only for or on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors re-speClively, but also for and on Behalf of Infants, Femes Covert, and CeC-tnique Trusts, and all other Persons whomsoever, to contract and agree with the said respective Trustees, for the Sale of such Lands and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or for their Interests therein, for the Purposes of this Act, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be cr require; and all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all Persons shall be and they are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or any such Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, or any other Person or Persons as aforesaid, interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice in Writing, by the Tespective Clerks for the Time being to the said respective Trustees, to him, her, or them given, or left at the Dwelling House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands and Hereditaments intended to be taken in and added to any Part of the said Road, or through which the said Road is intended to be diverted or varied as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of Ten Days after such Notice 5 given

6 r

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Case the said respective Trullees shall cauie Damage and it to be enquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury ^eTetiled5 of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of Kent, or of the City by a jury, of Canterbury, or the Town and Port of Sandwich, or the Town of Ford-wich, according to the Juvifdidtion in which the Premises in question shall happen to lie, (which’Oaths any Two or more of the said respective Trustees are hereby empowered to administer) what Damage will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested, for or on account of the taking of such Lands or Hereditaments into the said Road, or of making, widening, diverting, or changing the said Road through the fame; and in order thereunto, the said respective Trustees are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to summon before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person and Persons whom- WendTes to soever who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined con- Upon cuth. cerning the Premises (which Oath any Two or more of the said respective Trustees are hereby empowered to administer) , and they the said respective Trustees shall, by ordering the said Jury to view the Places in question, or otherwise use all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s better Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so enquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damage and Recompence, they the said respective Trustees shall order, adjudge, and direct the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners or Proprietors of, of Person or Persons interested in, the said Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which Verdict or Verdict of the Inquisition, and Judgement or Determination, so had and made, shall be w*>e final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim in Possession, Reversion. Remainder, Expectancy, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Femes Covert, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever, and against all and every such Owners and Proprietors; and all and every Person and Persons anywise interested in such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, excluded and diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property, of, in, to, or out of the same.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That for the summoning and re- By Trustees turning such Jury or Juries, the said respective Trustees are hereby ern-powered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Mayor to Seals of any Five or more of them respectively, to the respective She- a

riffs of the County of Kent and City of Canterbury, or to the respective J Mayors of the said Town and Port of Sandwich, and the said Town of Fordwich, in their respective jurisdictions, thereby requiring such respective Sheriffs or Mayors to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons, to appear before the said respective Trustees at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and the said respective Sheriffs or their Deputies, and the said Mayors,

\Lcc. if Per.'] are

62

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

are hereby respectively required to impannei, summon, and return Twenty-four such Persons as aforesaid; and out of the Persons so impannelled and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons the said respective Trustees shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purpose aforesaid; and in Default of a fuflkient Number of Jurymen, the said respective Sheriffs or their Deputies, or the said Mayors, shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the-Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to Jurors may make up the Number of Twelve; and that the said respective Trustees and sheriffanc* Persons intereded shall have their lawful Challenges against any and j,ry fire I of the said Jurymen; and that the said respective Trustees acting in for Default, the Premises shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such respective Sheriffs or their Deputies, or the said Mayors, or on any Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons, who being summoned and returned on such Jury, shall not appear (except for some reasonable Excuse), or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his or their Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein (contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act), and on any Person or Persons, who being summoned to give Evidence before the said Jury as aforesaid touching the Premises shall not attend (except for some reasonable Excuse), or attending shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence touching the fame,so that no such Fine exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any Person for One Offence.

Msmey allow-

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and evefy Sum and e/Tww*be Sums of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or ascertained as afore-charicfi and said, shall be and is and are hereby charged on the said respective Tolls, tendered. or Upon the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of such Tolls respectively, and shall be paid thereout accordingly, either into the Bank of England, or, as the Case may require, to the Persons respectively entitled Although the thereto, or to their Agents; and that upon Tender or Payment thereof dt^d he not to such Persons respectively, or to their Agents; and in case of Refusal to accepted, the accept the fame, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the respective Trea-hod'tc TnJ be furers for the Time being to the said respective Trustees, for the Use of Road;. such Persons, ic shall be lawful for the said respective Trustees, their respective Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, to enter into or upon, and to take or add to the said Road, such Lands and Hereditaments, and to do all and every such Ad, Matter, and Thing, in relation to such Lands and Hereditaments as the said respective Trustees shall think proper; and the said Lands and Hereditaments so added to, taken in, or made Part of the said Road, shall be fenced from the adjoining Lands by the said respective Trustees, and shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of the said Road hereby directed to be repaired for ever hereafter, and shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be a publick and common Highway, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means as the Road hereby appointed to be repaired is by this Act to be repaired; and after such new Roads shall be completed, the Lands and Grounds constituting the old or former Road (unless leading over some Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, or to some Village, Town, or Plaqe to which such new Road doth not lead), shall be vested in the said respective Trustees, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by them respectively, or any Five or

more

63

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

more of them (if they respectively shall think fit), for the belt Price that can be reasonably gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act, within the said respective Districts: and a Conveyance of the said old Road being executed by the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Kent, or with the respective Town Clerks of the City of Canterbury, or of the Town and Port of Sandwich, or of the Town of Fordwich, according to the Jurisdiction within which the same shall be lying, shall be good and effectual.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That wherever Owners of the Course of the said Road shall be altered by this Act, and a new nfwltoad! to Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of have the tii ft the Purchase of such old Road (if the same shall be fold) shall be full made to the Owner of such adjoining Land, which shall be cut and used for the Purpose of making such new Road J and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with the said respective Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall still be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof at the Sum to be ascertained by the said Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case he shall refuse to pay such Money, upon Demand made thereof by the respective Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said respective Trustees, and Tender of such Conveyance as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by the said respective Trustees by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; provided nevertheless, that if such Owner shall be willing and consent to take such old Road in Exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Trustees, and they respectively are hereby required to assure the same to such Person, by causing the same to be entered in their respective Books of Proceedings in the Execution of this Act in their respective Districts, and delivering to such Person a Copy thereof, signed by any Five or more of the said respective Trustees; which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in and Ko*er,f?lt' deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence juryXalloe for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons for any paid.

Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said respective Trustees, before the summoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken by the said respective Trustees as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences incident thereto, shall be borne and paid by

&4 42° GEORGII III. Cap. s-

by the said respective Trustees, out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act within their respective Districts; but if such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said respective Trustees, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Lois or Damage as aforesaid, or for more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Expences of futn-moning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences incident thereto shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said respective Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace not interested in the Matter in question, and within whose Jurisdiction such Controversy or Dispute shall arise (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame), shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and l ender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences,.in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the respective Clerks to the said respective Trustees by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in Cafes where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence have been prevented from treating with the said respective Trustees, the Whole of such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said respective Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

Application

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed fation^ne or aware^cc^ to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments when amount- purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the ing to »oo /. Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the said respective Trustees, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made, upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the 7 said

65

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Here- com'enf'tion ditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall he left belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two \0i. hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, either be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed. or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said respective Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to than*)/, the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, as the said respective Trustees shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardvfei, Committee or Committees, to \_Loc. Per.'] R and

66

Trustees not to pull down Houses, Sfr.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Per 1'ons so entitled respectively.

LIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That the Power and Authority given to the Paid respective Trustees as aforesaid shall not extend to the pulling down or damaging of any Dwelling House or other Building, or to the taking in of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent of the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof; other than and except,

IN THE FIRST DISTRICT

A Messuage, Garden, and Orchard, in the Parish of Sturry, in the County of Kent, belonging to the Heirs of John Foote Esquire, deceased, in the Occupation of Ann Watson Widow

A Messuage, used as the Poor House of the last mentioned Parish, and Garden in the same Parish, belonging to the Heirs of the said ‘John Foote, in the Occupation of the Overseers of the Poor

A Garden and Fore Court to a Messuage in Water Lane, in the same Parish, belonging to Stephen Williamson, in the Occupation of Edward Moys:

A Slip of Land of the average Breadth of Eight Feet or thereabouts, and the Ditch or Fence adjoining the fame. Parcel of an Orchard next Water Lane, in the same Parish, belonging to the Vicarage House of the Reverend William Chafy, in the Occupation of Ambrose Cullen

A Slaughter-house, Stable, Lodges, Yard, and Orchard, in the same Parish, belonging to, and in the Occupation of Thomas Inge

A Messuage or Cottage in Sturry Street, in the same Parish, belonging to Sampson Kingsford, in the Occupation of Richard Bowles

A Garden in Sturry Street, in the same Parish, or in the Parish of Westbeer, belonging to Lady Mary Wilmol, in the Occupation of Thomas Helium:

An Orchard in the Parish of Sturry or Westbeer, belonging to and in the Occupation of the Heirs of Thomas Dcnne, deceased.

A Garden and Orchard in the Parish of Westbeer, belonging to and in the Occupation of Robert Staines:

A Garden at Westbeer Butts, in the Parish of Westbeer, belonging to Luck, in the Occupations of Kendall Hall and Aujlcn

Holbrook:

A Garden and Orchard at Upjireet, in the Parish of Chijllett, belonging to, and in the Occupation of Edward Gurney, and late inclosed from the Walle:

The Gardens and Fore Courts of Two Cottages or Tenements at Up-Jlrect, in the fame lad mentioned Parish, belonging to the Heirs of William Cock, deceased, and now in the Occupation of John Cock:

A Messuage, Garden, and Orchard, at Upjireet, in the same Parish, belonging to William Ovenden and others, in the Occupation of John Cock Coilar Maker:

Part of the Paddock or inclosed Ground in Front of the House of Thomas Denne Gentleman, at Upjireet, in the same Parish, belonging to him, and in his own Occupation

Part

67

4z° GEORGII tn. Cap. 5.

Part of a Bullock Yard, Farm Yard, and Fore Court or Garden of a certain Farm at Upjlreet, in the same Parish, belonging to Jemima Bridges Widow, in the Occupation of Elizabeth Henneker Widow:

The Garden of a Cottage, Part of the fame Estate, in the same Parish, belonging to the said Jemima Bridges, in the Occupation of James Smith

The Orchard and Garden of a Messuage, other Part of the fame Estate, in the same Parish, belonging to the said Jemima Bridges, in the Occupation of Dennard Harrison:

A Garden in the Ville of Sarr, belonging to and in the Occupation of

Daniel Swinford

A Yard in the fame Ville, belonging to Henry Collard, in the Occupation of Henry Lampard:

A Garden in the fame Ville, belonging to the said Henry Collard, in the Occupation of James Brooman

A Bullock Yard and Lodge, in the fame Ville, belonging to the Heirs of Mary Rigden Widow, deceased, in the Occupation of the said James Brooman

A Garden in the fame'Ville, belonging to Mary Perkins Widow, in the Occupations of William Oliver and Abraham Barnes:

An Orchard and Garden in the fame Ville, belonging to the Heirs of the said Mary Rigden, in the Occupation of the said James Brooman

A Walh-house or Building in the fame Ville, belonging to Mary Perkins, in the Occupations of John Gere and William Savine:

A Blacksmith's Forge in the fame Ville, belonging to John Calmer, in the Occupation of Richard Baker:

A Building and Pig Styes in the fame Ville, belonging to and in the Occupation of Peter Knovjler:

And the South East Corner of a Garden belonging to a Messuage in the fame Ville, belonging to Eliza Catherina Bradley Widow, and Samuel Harvey, in the Occupation of Michael Mafcall, not exceeding in Depth Ten Feet.

IN THE SECOND DISTRICT

An Orchard and Gardens in the Parish of Saint Lawrence, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, belonging to Herbert Hooper and Roger Hooper, in the Occupations of John Philpot, William Peters,

Forwood Widow, and Henry Twyman

A Garden or Fore Court in the same Parish, belonging to John Maxted, in the Occupation of Richard Claringbold:

Two Gardens or Fore Courts in the same Parish, belonging to Thomas Garrett, John Garrett, and Christopher Mayhcw, in the Occupation of Elizabeth Pinnell Widow

A Garden or Fore Court in the same Parish, belonging to Robert Tomlin, in the Occupation of Sayer:

A Garden or Fore Court in the same Parish, belonging to and in the Occupation of Stephen Stevens

A Garden or Fore Court in the same Parish, belonging to and in the Occupation of Elizabeth Dale Widow

A Garden

68

Persons chargeable to Statute Work to continue so.

Justices to determine Differences touching Statute Work.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

A Garden or Fore Court in the same Parish, belonging to and in the Occupation of Mary Kebell and Martha Kebell:

And a Garden or Fore Court in the same Parish, belonging to Elizabeth Stone and Henry Dcnne, in the Occupation of James Hall.

LV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law are liable to do Statute Work, or chargeable towards repairing and amending the Road hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, or City of Canterbury, or Town and Port of Sandwich, or Town of Fordwich, in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said respective Trustees yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road, in the said respective Districts, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money, received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him or them paid to the said respective Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices in their respective Jurisdictions, from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices respectively, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after thefervmgof such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within every such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Computation for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwufe, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be so paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices respectively shall and may allot, appoint, and order, such and so many of the Persons, who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, in the said respective Districts, as the said Justices respectively shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harveft), and in such Parts of the said Road in the said re-fpsftive Districts, as the said respective Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices respectively shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lills shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof, as the said Justices respectively shall think proper, to the said respective Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices respectively shall direct and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Att authorized or dirttted to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall

69

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said respective Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams,

Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beall or Bealls, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road in the said respective Dillrids, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said respective Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said respective Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road in the said respective Districts; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Trustees may and for the said respective Trustees, to compound and agree with any Per- compound t.«son or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute StatuteWor Work to be by them done on the said Road, in the said respective Districts, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Pa-ri(hes or Places in which the said Road shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said respective Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road, in the said respective Districts, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said respective Trustees in Advance, on or before the First Day of February in each and every Year.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees, at Tiufteesmay any Meeting whereof Notice, specifying the Time and Place where, and dir'a Proie-the Purpose for which such Meeting is intended to be held, shall be in- Expence of1* ferted in such Newspapers or Newspaper, and affixed on such Gates or the Tolls. Turnpikes as aforesaid, at lead Fourteen Days previous to the Time when such Meeting is appointed to be held, may, and they respectively are hereby authorized and empowered, when and as often as they respectively shall think fit and necessary, to directndidments to be preferred and prosecuted at the Expence of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, within their said respective Districts, against the Inhabitants of all or any [Lee. fc? Per.] S of

70

Surveyors may remove Annovancet, turn Water-couifes, SV.

Surveyors may mike Cagfewayr, cut Drains,

making Satisfaction for the same.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

of the Parishes or Places through which the said Road passes, and against the Hundred liable to repair Bridges, who shall have neglected or refused respectively to repair the same.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fcr the said respective Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall direct or appoint (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order from the said respective Trustees for that Purpose), to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part of the said Road within the said re-speStive Distri&s, by Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains, running into, along, and out of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, and cleanse any Watercourses and Ditches adjoining to the said Road, and make the same as deep and large as he or they shall think proper and necessary, and to cut down, lop, or top, any Trees or Bufties growing in the said Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjoining thereto, and within Ten Yards of the Centre thereof, and to take and carry away the fame, in case the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises shall neg!e£t to remove the fame, or cut down, or carry away such Trees or Bushes as aforesaid, or to open, scour, or cleanse such Watercourses or Ditches, or to remove such other Annoyances, for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, under the Hand or Hands of such respective Surveyor or Surveyors; and the Charges thereof (to be settled by the said respective Trustees), shall be reimbursed to the said respective Surveyor or Surveyors, by such Owners or Occupiers, and the same shall be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter directed to be recovered; and if, after Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Kind, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings nor less than Thirty Shillings.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said respective Surveyor or Surveyors, by Order of the said respective Trustees, to make, or cause to be made, causeways in and upon the said Road in the said respective Districts, and to erect, support, and repair Arches and Watercourses upon the said Road, and cut and make Drains through any Lands lying contiguous to the said Road, and also to make or cause to be made a Road or Roads through the Grounds adjoining any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Road (not being the Ground whereon any House or Houses or other Buildings (land, or a Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, Planted Walk or Avenue to any House), to be made Ufc of by all Passengers, Cattle, Carriages, or otherwise, as a publick Highway, whilst the old, narrow, or ruinous Road, is widening or repairing, and till it shall be convenient and safe for Passengers and Carriages to pais thereon; making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of such Grounds respectively through which any such Drains shall be made, or whereon such Arches shall be erected, or through which any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may sustain thereby, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said respective Trustees; and in case of any Difference concerning the same between such Owners and Occupiers and the said respective Trustees, that then it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them assembled at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Kent, or for the said City of

Canterbury,

7*

4i° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

Canterbury, or the said Town and Port of Sandwich, or the said Towil of Fordwich, (within which the Difference shall arise or the Premises shall lie), or at their Second General or Quarter Sessions at the farthest, to settle, adjudge, and determine what Recompence shall be made to such Owners and Occupiers for the Damage they shall have sustained as aforesaid, whose Determination therein shall be final.

l.X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said respective Surveyor and Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, gather, and take away any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Sand, Beach, Stones, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Road, in and out of any River or Brook, or out of any Moor, Wade, or Common Grounds, or from the Sea Shore within a convenient Dillance from any Part of the said Road, without paying any Thing for such Materials, such Surveyor or Surveyors levelling or causing to be levelled all such Holes and Pits, or otherwise causing the same to be raised or fenced off, where or from whence any such Materials shall be dug, gathered, or taken away, in such Manner as that the same shall not be dangerous to any Cattle or Travellers whatsoever, and paying for the Damages done by landing, and for goin? over or through any Lands, Grounds, or private Lanes or Roads, for or with such Materials, to be ascertained as herein-after mentioned; and also that it shall be lawful for the said respective Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, (such Surveyor ot Surveyors first having an Order in Writing of any Five or more of the said respective Trustees for that Purpose), to search for, dig, gather, and take away all or any such Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, from, and over the private Grounds or inclosed Lands of any Person or Persons, (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock, or planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, Lawn, or inclosed Plantation), paying or tendering to the Owners and Occupiers respectively, for the Damages done to such private Grounds or inclosed Lands, where and from whence any such Materials as aforesaid shall be dug, gathered, and taken away, or over which the fame or any other Materials, for the Repair of the said Road shall be carried, such Equivalent in Money as the said respective Trustees shall adjudge reasonable j and in case of any Difference concerning the same, the Matter shall be subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions as herein-after mentioned.

LXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons under the Authority of this Act, to take and carry away any Materials for repairing the said Road, from any inclosed Lands or private Grounds, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the respective Occupiers thereof, from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupiers respectively at their respective usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said respective Trustees, or before any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, City, or Town where such Lands are situated, on a certain Day to be mentioned in such Notice, and not sooner than Ten Days from the Service thereof as aforesaid, to {hew Cause why such Materials should not be had or taken from such inclosed Lands or private Grounds respectively j and in case such

Occupier

Surveyor* may take Gravel, in Walie Grounds,

and also out of private Grounds.

Differences to be lettled at the Quarter Sessions.

Surveyors not to carry away Materials, without giving Notice.

72

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not be able to shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, the said respective Trustees, or such last mentioned Justices shall (if they think meet) authorize such Surveyor or other Person to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials in, upon, out of, from, and over such inclosed Lands and private Grounds respectively, at such Time or limes as to such respective Trustees or to such Justices shall seem proper; and if any such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, the said respeiEtive Trustees or such Justices shall and may nevertheless make such Order therein as they shall think (it, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

Road to be measured, and Mile Stones e reded.

Penalty on riding upon or damaging Foot Paths.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees shall cause the said Road in their said respective Districts to be measured, and Stones or Posts to be set up in or near the Sides of the said Road, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, denoting the Diltance of every such Stone or Post from any Town or Place, as the said respective Trustees shall think proper, and also proper Direction Posts; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up or damage any of such Posts or Stones, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks which shall be inscribed thereon, and be thereof convicted before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, or the said City of Canterbury, or the said Town and Port of Sandwich, or the said Town of Fordwich, in their respective Jurisdictions, either by Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or VYic-nelfes, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, for each Stone or Post, Letter, Figure, or Mark so wilfully broken, pulled up, obliterated, or defaced, to be levied and recovered as herein-after mentioned; or if any Person shall ride upon any Footway adjoining to any Part of the said Road, or shall wilfully or carelessly drive any Horse or other Bead or Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or Carriage thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to any of such Footways; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Posts or Stones erected for the Security of the said Footways, or drive the Wheel of his Carriage against the fame, or the Side or Sides of the said Footways; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part or any Tree, or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage to drag upon any Part of the said Road, or shall plough over, or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Road, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or other Bead drawing any Plough upon any Part of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing upon any Part of the said Road, to be made into Manure, or shall scrape off the fame, or any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Parc of the said Road, with any sharp pointed Instrument, so as to damage the said Road, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Ro<td, either with or without any Horse or Beast harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Piece 7 of

73

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

of Timber, or any Stones, Brick, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, in any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Annoyance of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, and be convicted thereof respectively, by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, or for the said City of Canterbury, or the said Town and Port of Sandwich, or the said Town of Fordwich, in his or their respective Jurisdictions, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum not less than Ten Shillings nor more than Forty Shillings for every such Offence, One Moiety whereof shall be allowed and paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, within the said respective Districts.

LXIII. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be transient Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers under this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence as aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or 1 lace where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That when any Penalty by this Act imposed shall have been incurred, or any Offence by this Act created shall have been committed, (the Method of proceeding in respect to which is not herein-before particularly directed), any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Liberty, within which any such Penalty shall have been incurred, or any such Offence shall have been committed, may and he is hereby required, upon Complaint and Information to him thereof made, to summon before him the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint or Information shall be made, to answer the Matter thereof; and at the Time and Place appointed by such Summons, upon the Person or Persons complained of or informed against appearing before the said Justice, or upon Proof being duly made of the personal Service of such Summons, or of a Duplicate or true Copy thereof having been left at the Dwelling House or last known Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, the said Justice may and he is hereby required, whether the said Person or Persons complained of or informed against do or do not appear, to proceed to examine the Merits of such Complaint and Information; and if such Offence or Offences shall be con-sessed by the Person or Persons so complained of or informed against, or be duly proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice, by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, such Justice may and he is hereby required forthwith to convict such Offender or Offen--ders, and to adjudge him and them to pay such Penalty or Penalties as he or they shall appear to have incurred or forfeited by virtue of this Act; and if such Penalty or Penalties shall not be paid immediately in case such Offender or Offenders shall be present at the Time of such Conviction, or within Three Days after Notice of such Conviction given to [i>r. y Per.'} T such

Power to Collectors to detain unknown Persons guilty of Offences*

Recovery of Penalties.

74

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

such Offender or Offenders, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or last known Place of Abode, in case he, she, or they shall not have appeared and been present, such Justice shall and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause every such Penalty or Forfeiture, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Complaint and Information, and of the Dill refs and Sale to be made pursuant to such Warrant, to be levied by Distitefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders; and if sufficient Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders cannot be found to answer such Distress, then such Justice is hereby required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be apprehended and brought before him; and in case such Penalty or Penalties and the Costs and Charges of such Proceedings as aforesaid, to be settled as aforesaid, shall not be immediately paid, such Justice is hereby required forthwith to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction in and for the said County, District, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until the said Penalties and such Costs and Charges as aforesaid shall be paid, or until such Offender or Offenders shall have compounded for the fame with the said respective Trustees, and paid such Composition, which the said respective Trustees are hereby empowered to make and accept; provided, that no such Offender shall be detained in Custody, under any such Commitment as last mentioned, for any longer Period than Six Calendar Months.

Application

LXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures o ena ties, this Act imposed (the Application whereof has not been herein-before otherwise directed), shall be paid to the said respective Trustees, their respective Treasurers or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them respectively appointed to receive the same, and shall be applied for the Pur-Trnlteestore. poses of this Act, within the said respective Districts; and that it shall be a'lltdif'^'a8 lawhd for the said respective 1 rustees from Time to Time, if they respectI'rehendi'ng3^ lively shall fee Cause, to pay and apply any Part of such Penalties and For-Offenders. feitures or any of them, not exceeding One Moiety of them or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers, or any Person or Persons taking orfcizing any Offender or Offenders, oraflifting the rein, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Form of Conviction.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That Convictions for Offences against this Act shall be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

4 ? t)E it remembered. That on the Day of

4 to wit. J r> in the Year of our Lord

4 A.D. is convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty’s

4 Justices of the Peace for the County, [City, or Town and Port, or Town, as the Case may be\ of ‘ on his

own Confession [or, on the Oath of E. F. a credible Witness, or, on the Oaths of G. H. and 1. K. Two credible Witnesses, as the Case may be] 4 of [here specify the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame was committed] contrary to the Form of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act] and I the said Justice do adjudge the said A.B. to have therecy incurred the Penalty of

75

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

4 to be paid, recovered, and applied in Manner directed by the

4 fa'td Act. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first aforesaid.’

Which Conviction, in the Form or to the Effect aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Appeal to Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Quarter Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method Befllons-of Relief hath been already hereby appointed, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Eastern Parts of the said County of Kent, or for the said City of Canterbury and County of the fame City, or for the said Town and Port of Sandwich, or the said Town of Fordwich (within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise), next after the Expiration of OneCalendarMonth from the Time such Matter of Appealshall have arisen , the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at the lead of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the respective Treasurer or Clerk to the said respective Trustees within whose District the Matter of Appeal shall arise, and having also, with One or more Surety or Sureties, entered into sufficient Recognizance, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for prosecuting such Appeal, and abiding by such Determination and Order as the Court shall make therein; and the Justices in such Session are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and award Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise as they shall judge proper; and such Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act, shall be quashed for quaftted or vacated for Want of Form, or be removeable by Certiorari, "* or any other Writ or Writs or Process, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Limitation of Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Person or Persons for any Aa‘0BS' Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given to the respective Clerks to the said respective Trustees, or after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid, brought, and tried in the County of Kent, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant and Defendants in every such Action or Suit may, at his, her, or their Election, plead specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or

after

76

Subscribers to pay their Subscription Money.

[Publick Act.]

Commencement and Term of the AiSt.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. c.

after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or Ural 1 be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have, appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for his, her, or their Colts, in any other Cafes by Law.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons who have subscribed Money for and towards the repairing, altering, widening, and improving the said Road within the said respective Districts, shall and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums so by them respectively subscribed, in such Parts and Proportions, within such Time and Times, and to such Person or Persons, as the said respective Trustees shall direct or appoint; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said respective Trustees to fuefor and recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at H'ejtminster by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged and taken to be a publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect on the Firff Monday next after the passing thereof, and shall be in Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printer* to the King’s niofl Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO

GEORGII III.

SECUNDO

REGIS.

Cap. 6.

An Act for repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent. [jgth March 1802.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, is much out of Repair, and in many Places narrow, circuitous, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages: And whereas it would be of great publick Utility, and of much Benefit to the Inhabitants of Canterbury, Sandwich, Deal, the ljlc of Thanet, and the adjacent Country, if the said Road were repaired, altered, widened, and improved; but such Purposes cannot be effeQed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Tour Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Knights of the Shire for the County of Kent, and the Members Trustees of Parliament for the City of Canterbury, and the Members of Parliament for the Town and Port of Sandwich, and the Mayor, Recorder, and Town Clerk of the said City of Canterbury, and the Mayor, Recorder, and Town Clerk of the said Town and Port of Sandwich, for the Time [Loc. Per.] U being

7«

42° GEORGII ill. Cap. 6.

being, the Honourable George Watson, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir John Honey wood. Sir John Fagg, Sir Henry Oxenden, Sir Narborough O’ Acth, Sir Brook William Bridges, Sir Horace Mann, Sir William Geary, Sir Philip Stephens, Baronets, William Abbott of Canterbury, ’John Abbott of Saint Dunstan's, John Abbott the younger, of the fame, Thomas Barrett, yobn Charles Beekhtgham Clerk, Edward Tyme well Brydges Clerk, Thomas Biggs, Brook Henry Bridges Clerk, Brook Edward Bridges, Brook George Bridges, Brook yobn Bridges, John Baker of Saint Stephen's, William Boteler, Wheeler Bunce Clerk, William Boys, William T/yborn Bradley, Thomas Bundoek, yobn Boys of Nonington, Cyprian Rondeau Bance, William Bristow, William Baldock John Baker of Canterbury, William B ites, John Buckley, James Sladden Browne, Samuel Balderfiou, Robert Tournay Bar-grave, William Beake, Daniel Hitchings Bushell, John Boys of BctJhanger, William Bushell, Edward Morecock Brown, David Collat'd, William Champion, William Carter, M. D. William Cantis, John Camming, Edward Crayford, John Cooper of Canterbury, John Cooper of Littleborne, "John Callaway, John Callaway the younger, Henry Croafdill, George Calmer of Preston, George Calmer of Canterbury, Carr Culmer, John Conant Clerk, Robert Curling, Slodden Castle, William Castle, Edward Curling, John Maris Cocking, John Carter, Charles Dering, Cholmeicy Dering, George Bering, John Dilnot of Sandwich, Henry Denne of Littleborne. Alexander Dewar, John Dadds, Thomas de Lafaux, Charles Dclmar, John Denne of Carrington, John Dering of Canterbury, Richard Emmcrjon, John Elgar of Wingham, Stephen Elgar, John East, Richard Elwyn, James Elwyn, John Elgar of Canterbury, Peter Fedor, Henry Godfrey Fauffett, J-hn Minet Feeler, Thomas Freeman Clerk, William Friend of Ash, Richard Frend, Thomas Poord, John Fisher, John Parley Francis, Edmund Fowle, John Fowle, James Finch of Canterbury, Edward George, Thomas Godfrey, John Gregory Clerk, Thomas Garrett, John Garrett, Richard Gibbs, Thomas Gibbs, Henry Gipps, James Goreley, Richard Hcrve Gi and, Richard Garner, Thomas Hey, D. D. William Hammond of Saint Allan's, Richard Harvey Clerk, of Ramsgate, John Springett Harvey, John jkirrfun of Denne Hill, William Hammond of Stone-house, William TTugJffeh Hugejfen, John Holness, James Hallctt, Richard Halford, Richard Llaifori the younger, William Houghton, William Hougham the younger, John Hodges, John Halbet, Thomas Hammond, James Hacker, William Hacker, Samuel Harvey, Peter Harrison, Herbert Hooper, Thomas Hope, John Harrison of Simdyoich, James Heritage, William Harnett, Thomas Huifon, Benjamin Hobday, James Henwood, Henry Thomas Hallingbcry, William Harrison of Preston Court, Henry Wife Harvey, Thomas Jenkins, William Jones, Gilbert Knowler, William Kingsford, Edward Kingsford, Henry Kemp, George Keen, William Keen, Henry Kirkby, John Lade, John Hobday Lade, William Lade Clerk, William Loftie, Samuel Lcpine, George Leith the younger, William Lee, Richard Milles, John Monins, Henry Matson, John Matson, Thomas Manclark, Charles Matson of Wingham, Richard Mount, William Miles, William Minler of Littleborne, Nehemiah NtjbeU Clerk, John Nutt, William Nutt, Edward Nash, John Ncame, Henry Oxenden, William OJboni of Old Park, Thomas Watkinfm Payler, Thomas Papillen, Philip Papi/lon Clerk^ John Plumptre, Robert Thomas Pyott, Henry Plumptre Clerk, Ralph Price Clerk, Robert Peckham, Edward Penrice, Edward Bookey Penfice, Charles Porter, Thames Pain, Thomas Parker, Herbert Packe, M. D. Deane John Parker, William Patiefon, John Parnell, Charles Pout, Charles Robinson, Robert Ruftobrooke, Jofyph

Royle,

79

42° GEORGII m. Cap. 6.

Hoyle, Henry Rice Clerk, Nicholas Simons Clerk, William Scott, James Simmons, Jacob Sharp, Edwin Humphrey Sanc/ys, Mathew IWilliam Sankey,

William Webster Sankey, ‘Thomas Edward Salmon, John Southec, George Stringer of Canterbury, Thomas Starr, John Hollinghcry Stringer, William Slaughter the elder, Augustine Smithers, Terry Sayer, William Slaughter the younger, Joseph Solly, Samuel Foart Simmons, F.dwrd Sliiugfeter,

Thomas Saxb\, Isaac Slaughter, John Slaughter, James Minet Sayer Clerk,

Robert Spratt, Thomas Sharp, Thomas Southee of Beakefborne, William Smith of Act.), Robert Stains, Thomas Simmonds, Edward Taylor of Bifrons,

John Toke, John Toke Clerk, John Tucker Clerk, John Twriter, Henry Tritton, William Thomas Clerk, Thomas Tambs, Richard Ta/taJeN, William Wiicox, James White, John Wigzell, William Wood of WtOgham, George Wood, Thomas Wood, James Warren, and John While of Woodnejborough, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein directed, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road from the West End of a certain Street Called Longport, in the Borough of Longport, in the Parish of Saint Paul (near to and without the Walls of the City of Canterbury'), in the County of Knit, to a certain Stone at the East End of the causeway, next the Liberties of the Town and Port of Sandwich in the said County, and for making such’new Cuts or Lines of Road as may be necessary or adviseable for the better Improvement of the said Road, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Aft of the said Trustees shall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be done Meeting, ac some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (except as may be herein excepted); and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act Major'ty granted to the said Trustees, shall and may be exercised from Tirrte to a, the"'* Time by the major Part of them who shall attend at any Meeting to be fjeho|'otN^,rj1[j holden in pursuance of this Act (the Number of such Trustees present at 174 than emS such Meeting not being less than Five), and all the Orders and Proceedings Fi»e. of the major Part of such Trustees present at such their several Meetings, shall have the fame Force and Eft'eft as if the fame were made or done by all such Trustees for the Time being (save and except as may be herein excepted); and at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chairman shall Chairman and may be appointed, and when and as often as it shall so happen that poir,*, and there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting upon any Question to have the (including the Vote of the Chairman), then and in such Case it shall callms'ote-and may be lawful to and for the Chairman to give the decisive or casting Vote.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Election of Disability of any of the said Trustees hereby appointed, or their Succef- new Trustees. fors, to be elected in Manner herein mentioned, to act in the Execution

of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Trustees, from Time to Time, to elect and appoint One other Person to be a Trustee in the Room of each Trustee so dying, or reftifing, or being incapable of acting, and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election shall, by the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, be inserted in some Newspaper or Newspapers published in the said City of Canterbury, and if no Newspaper shall be published in the said City, then such Notice shall be

7 inserted

8o

Qualification of Trustees.

All A$t of

Trnltees not qualified, if done before Convection, valid.

Victuallers, feV. incapable of acting.

Trustees may act as J unices except where personally interred.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

inserted in One or more of the publick Newspapers printed and circulated in the Eastern Parts of the said County of Kent, and shall be affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be (landing on the said Road, at lead Ten Days before such Meeting; and every Person so elected a new Trustee as aforesaid, shall be and he is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a Manner as the Trustee in whole Room or Stead he shall have been so elected.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of Eight hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of fotne Person possessed of an Estate in Land of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds; and if any Person not being so qualified shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

V. Provided nevertheless, That all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling House or other House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collecting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, during such Time as he, ffic, or they shall keep such Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of publick Entertainment, or shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail; but no such Person shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he, ffie, or they employ a Person or Persons to collect such Tolls, who shall not be under any such Incapacity.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as arc or shall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

42° GEORGII III. Cap 6. 81

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at First V the Sign of the Red Lion, in the Parish of Wingham, in the said County ,ct5.' 1" of Kent, on the Second Tuesday after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and One in the Afternoon, and shall then and there proceed to carry this Act into Execution, and shall and may at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden there, or at such other Place near to any Part or Parts of the said Road, and at such Time as to them shall seem proper; and if it shall so happen., that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act, the Trustee or Trustees then prefenr, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time, as’often as the Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting tft fotne other Day within Thirty Days then following, to be holden at the fame Piace, and the said Clerk shall cause publick Notice thereof to be inserted in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and to be affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be {landing on the said Road, at least Ten Days before the Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned; and that the said Trustees Tmftfesto shall, at their several Meetings, defray their own Expences; and that no ,eu

Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of any of 1K, Ces. ’ the Powers hereby granted during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meeting as aforesaid, it shall at any Time be thought necessary that a Meeting of the Trustees should be appointed on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees (an Order in Writing, signed by Three or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time and Place, and Purpose of such earlier Meeting, being given to him, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode), shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting in Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice); and all Proceedings of the said Trustees at such earlier Meeting, shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Trustees had met in puvfuance of any Adjournment.

Meetings on Emeigenci:*.’

X. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or Pro- No Order to ceeding made at any Meeting of the Trustees holden in pursuance of this unlefla^Ma-Act, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless at a jority of Meeting to be holden for that express Purpose, nor unless Notice in hunt’s Writing, specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, of the Trui-be inserted in such Newspaper or Newspapers aforesaid, and be affixed ,eesPresent on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be (landing on the said "

Road, at least Twenty-one Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of Three-Fourths of the Trustees, present at such subsequent Meeting, shall decide in Favour of such Revocation or Alteration.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to be Proceedings provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries to *° bc made therein of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the [Lee. Ss* Per.'] X Execution

82

Trustees to appoint Officers,

and remove them, and may allow them Salaries.

Trustees to take Security from the Treasurer.

Officer-to account.

Treasurer to account on Oath if required.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be piefent at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books, being signed by the Chairman and Clerk then present, or either of them, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cafes, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and that such Book or Books shall, at all of the Meetings of the said Trustees, be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every of the said Trustees, and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable; and that any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding One hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and a Collector or Collectors of the 'l'olls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and also such other Officers and Persons for the L'xecution of this Act as the said Trustees shall think proper; and from Time to Time remove such Officers and Persons respectively as they shall see Occasion, and out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to the said Officers and other Persons as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required to take such sufficient Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer, for the due Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed shall, under their Hands, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall, on the First Monday in the Month of March, yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Trustees then next following (although not thereunto required by the said Trustees), lay his Accounts before the said Trustees, in order that the fame may be audited, passed, and allowed by them, if approved of; and all the said Officers so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer), verify their said Accounts; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Paymenc as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Trustees (or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same), within Fourteen Days next after being the reunto required by the said Trustees (by Notice in Writing given to or left at the lait or usual Place of Abode of such Officer), all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees respecting the fame, and if Complaint shall be made by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons

83

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Officer so refusing or neglecting shall be or reside, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Officer so refusing or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the Paid Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appearto such justice that such Officer shall have refused or neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and °n Death for any Two or more of the said Trustees, upon the Death, Neglect, keeper,3*6' Refusal, or Incapability to act of any Collector of the Tolls hereby Trustees may granted, to nominate and appoint some other fit Person in his or her "notheVumil Place, until the next Meeting of the Trustees of the said Road, which the next Person fotobe nominated and appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the same Manner in all Respects as the Person in whose Room or Stead he or she shall be so appointed; and that if discharged if any Collector of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his or '®per her Office by the said Trustees, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of deliver up the the Toll House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, which he or she enjoyed Houfss> in Right of his or her Appointment to that Office, within Two Days after Notice given to him or her, or left at such Toll House in Writing, under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or if the Wife or Family of any such Collector who shall die as aforesaid, or any other Person who shall be in Possession of the Premises by any Means whatsoever, shall refuse to deliver up fitch House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, within Four Days after such new Appointment shall be made as aforesaid, then and in either of the said Cafes it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace foT the County, City, or Place, where

8 4

Lefleei of Tolls may appoint Fer-fons to receive the same.

Trustees empowered to erect Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and receive Tolls.

Double Tolls on Sumfajs.

42<s GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

such Toll House shall stand or be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll House and Premises in the Day Time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of such Toll House and other Premises, and to put the new appointed Collector of the said Tolls in Possession thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, demised, or in farm to any Person or Persons whotnsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he or they shall, by Writing or Writings under his or their Hand or Hands authorize or appoint, to demand and take the said Tolls so leased, demised, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees, is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and recover the fame j and such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions as any Collector of the hid Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is subject or liable to.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cause to be erected such and so many Turnpikes to secure the Tolls hereby granted, upon or across the said Road, and on or near the Sides thereof, in, near unto, or across any Lanes or Ways leading, or that may hereafter lead out of the fame, as they shall think proper, and such and so many Toll Houses as they shall think proper, and shall and may, in Manner herein directed, purchase and take Land sufficient for such Toil House or Toll Houses, with necessary Accommodations thereto, and from Time to Time remove, alter, or discontinue such Turnpikes and Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think meet and expedient; and shall and may cause to be demanded and taken at the said Turnpikes the Tolls following, before any Horse, or other Beast or Cattle shall be permitted to pass through the fame j (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, drawing any Carriage, of whatever Name or Description, the Sum of Three-pence: For every Ox, Steer, Gale, or Bull, drawing singly, and not in Pairs or abreast, any Carriage, of whatever Name or Description, the Sum of Two-pence: For every Ox, Steer, Gale, or Bull, drawing in Pairs or abreast, any Carriage, of whatever Name or Description, the Sum of One-penny Flalfpenny: For every Afs drawing any Carriage, of whatever Name or Description, the Sum of One-penny: For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One-penny: For every Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Flalfpenny: For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-penceper Score, and so in proportion for any greater or lei’s Number: And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Toll Gatherers or Collectors on the said Road, and they

are

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6. 85

are hereby authorized and required, on each and every Sunday, (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock on the Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night) in each and every Year, to demand and take for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Steer, Gale, and Bull, drawing or not drawing, and for every Drove of Oxen,

Cows, Neat' Cattle, Calves, Hogs, Sheep, and Lambs, double the Toll or Sum which may be demanded or taken for the fame respectively on any other Day, by virtue of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be and they Toils vetted In are htreby vested in the said Trustees, and a Table thereof shall be put the 1 rullees* up and continued at each and every Turnpike erected on the said Road,

and it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons who shall, by virtue of this Act, be appointed Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand, collect, and receive the Tolls hereby granted; and if any Person or Persons, subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, ic shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector to seize and distrain, or cause to be seized and distrained any Horse or Horses, or other Beall or Cattle chargeable with the said Tolls, and their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Five Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Collector so seizing and distraining shall and may fell the Horse or Horses, Bealls or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements so seized and distrained, or any Part thereof, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges for distraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deducted and paid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Additional and for the said Trustees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded ca?Ha«s and taken, for every Horse or Beall (except an Afs) drawing any Car- laden with riage, of whatever Name or Description, laden with Timber, Hop T'mber-Poles or other Poles called Use Stuff, One Half the Toll or Sum in Addition to the Toll or Sum which could otherwise be demanded and

taken, by virtue of this Act, for-such Horse or other Beall drawing any such Carriage, not so laden as aforesaid.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Dispute shall jJ-"*0* happen about the Quantity of the Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping Cerning Toils and felling any Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Person distraining, to retain the Distress, or the Money arising befettled'by0 from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls or Charges of dif- a Justice. training and felling the Distress, as the Case may be, shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Dispute shall happen to arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter by Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Quantity of the Tolls due, and shall also assess the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and all other reasonable Costs; all which Sum or Sums so determined or alfelfed, shall be paid to the said Collector before he shall be obliged to return £ Lee. is" Per.2 T the

S6

Turnpikes,

&c. vested in the Tiultees.

Tolls to be taken but Once a Day on that Part of the Road which lies between Canterbury and

Windham,

Tolls to be taken but Once a Day on that Part of the Road which lies between Wing-ham and Sandwich,

Collectors of Tolls to be competent Witntflcs.

Penalty on evading the

Tolls.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

the said Diitrefs, or the Overplus after Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all the Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and other Buildings, with the Ground, Fences, and Appurtenances thereto respectively, and of all Mile Stones and Polls erected by virtue of this Act, and also of all Materials, Tools, and Implements which shall be provided for making and repairing the said Road by virtue ef this Act, shall be vested in the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to cause any Actions to be brought, and any Bills of Indictment to be preferred against any Person or Persons who shall Heal, break down, take away, injure, or spoil any such Turnpikes, Toll Houses, or other Buildings, Fences, Mile Stones, Polls, or any such Materials, Tools, or Implements as aforesaid.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Collector of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than One Toll in any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night), from any Person or Persons for or in respect of the fame Horse, or other Beall or Cattle, passing and repassing through the fame, or any other Gate or Turnpike on such Part of the said Road as lies between the said City of Canterbury and the Street of Wingham, in the said County of Kent, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket, denoting that the said Toll has been paid in that Day, on such Pari of the said Road; which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on the Payment of such Toll.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, so as to enable any Collector of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than One Toll in any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock the succeeding Night), from any Person or Persons for or in respect of the fame Horse, or other Beall or Cattle, passing and repassing through the fame, or any other Gate or Turnpike on such Part of the said Road as lies between the said Street of Wing-barn and the said Town of Sandwich, all and every Person and Persons producing a Ticket, denoting that the said Toll has been paid in that Day on such Part of the said Road; which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on the Payment of such

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, 01 Litigation shall arise,' touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XXIV. And, for preventing the evading of the Payment of the said Tolls, bt it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall give,

3 offer.

*7

42° GEORGGII lir. Cap; 6.

offer, or dispose of to, or receive from, any other Person or Persons, any such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit, or knowingly make Use of any counterfeited Ticket, in order to avoid Payment of tile laid Tolls, or any Part thereof, or if any Person or Persons owning, renting, or occupying any Lands adjoining to the said Ro&d, near unto any Turnpike to be erected thereon, shall permit or suffer any Person to pass through or over any Part of his, her, or their said Lands, with any Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided, or if any Person or Persons shall ride or drive any Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, through or ovtr any Way or Passage (not being a publick Way or Passage), or through or over any Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Road, or near to any of the said Turnpikes, or shall take olf or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Beast from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, is or shall be avoided, every such Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, Stone, Brick, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for rep iring of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Road doth lie; or undried Hops, Green Clover for foiling Cattle, Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, or Wool not sold or disposed of, but parting to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast employed in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Sullage, Compost, or Manures, (except Lime and Chalk) employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on any Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any lick Person, or upon other his parochial or ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Port Master General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for the Horses of any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriages attending them with their Arms or Bagagage; or for any Cattle or Carriages employed in the Conveyance

General

Exemption*.

88

42- GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

veyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Kent; or of a Citizen or Citizens, Burgess or Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the City of Canterbury, or for the Town and Port of Sandwich, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Trustees may

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be aTany piUick ^aw^u' to an^ for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, at a Meeting?, Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which One Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and shall be affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be standing on the said Road, from Time to Time to lelfen or reduce all or any of the said Tolls granted by this Adf; and also any additional Tolls payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for Over-weight, in such Man-indafterward* ner as to them shall seem fit and convenient, for and during such Time as again'" *hem they the said Trustees shall think proper; and afterwards, at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, from Time to Time, if they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the several Rates granted by this Act, or provided that now made payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force and tions o'Toils w'£h respect to Over-weights: Provided nevertheless, that when the

be made with whole Money borrowed on the Credit of this Act, shall not have ^Content been paid and discharged, the Tolls hereby granted shall not be lessened c le 1 ors. or re(]ucecj wbhout the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five Sixths of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of this Act.

Toils may be

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall any may be lawful ltf- to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, at any Meeting, upon Ten Days Notice being given in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be Handing on the said Road, to let or farm the Tolls to be colkdted by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, at and for the largest yearly Sum that can be reasonably got for the fame, provided that the Leases, Contradts, or Agreements of or for the fame be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming such Tolls, and also by the said Trustees; but the same shall not be let for more than Three Years at any One Time, and the Rent which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls shall be made payable, and shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, so as that One Quarterly Payment of such Rent shall always be in Advance, or sufficient Security shall be given for the Payment of such Rent, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in Default thereof every such Lease, Contract, or Agreement shall be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

2° GEORGII ill.

Cap. 6.

89

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Trustees may so and for the said Trustees, from Time to Time to compound with C0lll|0u'ld‘ any Person or Persons for any Period of Time not exceeding One Year, for any Horses, Beads, or Cattle, passing on the said Road, or on any Part or Parts thereof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Horses, Bealls, or other Cattle; and all such Composition Money shall he paid in Advance One Quarter, or otherwise as the said Trustees shall appoint, and in Default thereof every such Composition shall be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIX. And, for the more speedy raiding Money for the Purposes of this Trustees Act, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said may burrow Trustees, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, to bor- Mone>-row and take up at Intered such Sum or Sums of Money ("not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds'), as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage the Tolls hereby granted or any Part thereof, (the Charges of such Assignments and Mortgages to be paid out of the said Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for the Re-payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Intered for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Af-ligns, such Intered to be paid and payable by equal Quarterly Payments, at the Dwelling House of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being; all which Mortgages or Assignments shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following:

1 RY Virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Eorty-second Year of Form of t the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [set forth the Title of Mor,8aSe-this Act] We whose Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed,

‘ [being Trustees acting in Execution of the said Act~] in Consideration of ‘ the Sum of to the Treasurer of the said Road

‘ in Hand paid by A.B. do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto

the said A.B. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum

1 advanced or to be advanced on the Credit of the said Act, to be had ‘ and holden from this Day of in the

Year of our Lord for and during the Conti-

' nuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with

Intered after the Rate of per Centum per Annum,

£ shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and ‘ Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Copies of the Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk or Clerks to the Mortgages to said Trustees, and such Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable eei,teie Times be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward; and all Mortgages or Assignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form [Lee. & Per.2 Z aforesaid.

9o

Tramf. r of Mcrt^a^es.

Form of Affunuiciit of Mortg t«e.

Notice of Transfers to be given to the Clerk in Three Calendar Months.

Trustees to give 11 D.iys Notice Mttvioufiy to their borrow, ing any Money.

Trustees may contract for the Purchase of Lands, to be taken into the Road,

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

aforesaidj shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Alignments lha.ll be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time, adign and transfer the fame Security or Securities, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following:

I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of secured to

‘ to Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

by virtue of a Mortgage or Assignment, bearing Date the

‘ Day of under the Hands and Seals of

‘ of the Trustees acting in Execution of an Act of Parliament, made ‘ in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the 'lhird, intituled \_Set forth the 'Title of this Act] upon the Credit of the Paid Act,

do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame, and all

the Principal and Interest Money now clue and owing thereon, unto

C.D. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this

‘ Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees, within Three Calendar Months next alter the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, in the said Book or Books, to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages or Assignments, and for which Entry the Clerk who shall enter the same shall be paid One Shilling, and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Afligm, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and after such Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons, making such Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfer shall be made as aforesaid, shall be in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Mortgages or Assignments.

XXX. Provided nevertheless, That before any Sum or Sums of Money shall be taken up or borrowed, Twenty-one Days Notice at the leaf! shall be given in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, signitying the Intention of borrowing such Money.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby fully empowered from Time to Time as they Avail think proper, to divert, widen, turn, shorten, vary, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the Road comprized

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6. 9i

prized in this Act, and that any Variation of Road may be made of any and may turn Width not exceeding Sixty Feet through any Common or Wade Ground, Course of any without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private or Pan of tiic inclosed Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to 11 ad> the Owners thereof and Persons intereded therein, for the Damage they may fudain thereby, and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or for their Clerk, or any other Person or Persons by them duly authorized and deputed for that Purpose,by Order of a Meeting of the said Trustees, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons intereded in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons intereded may fudain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road through such Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments; and the said Lands,

Grounds, and Hereditaments so purchased, or any Part thereof, diall and may, by Order and Direction of the said Trustees, be laid into and made Part of the said Road, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think convenient, and shall by such Person or Persons as they shall order and appoint be diffidently drained, ditched, and fenced out for that Purpose; and after the said Lands or Grounds shall be so drained, ditched, and fenced our, the fame shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be, and be deemed and taken to be a publick and common Highway, and to be Part of the Road to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner as the old Road was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after any such Lands shall be made Part of the said Road as aforesaid, the Lands and Grounds comprized in or constituting the former Road, in lieu whereof such Lands or Grounds shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall be sold by the said Trustees to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become a Purchaser or Purchasers thereof for the bell: Price that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and the Conveyance thereof being executed by the said Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Kent, or with the Town Clerk of the said City of Canterbury, according to the Jurisdiction in which such Lands or Grounds shall lie, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Corporations, and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, tl ‘ca Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunaticks, and Husbands, and all other Trustees w'homsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trusts, Idiots, Lunaticks, or other Person under any Disability of acting for themselves, and for all and every Person or Persons who are or shall be seized, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Trustees for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, and to convey the same to the said Trustees for the Purpose aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes,

92 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

poses, any Law, Usage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all such Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and Trustees, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

fons^tLot"

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Proprietor, jrg for the Occupier of, or other Person or Persons interested in any Lands, Tene-S»le of such ments, or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall judge necessary to*fettie* lie"5 or proper to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, Recompenct. or any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees, Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or other Trustees, upon Notice to him, her, or them, given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk or Head Officer of any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, shall, by the Space of Twenty Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or "by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause it to be enquired into, and ascertained by and upon the Oath of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Kent or of the City of Canterbury, according to the Jurisdiction in which the Premises in question shall happen to lie, (which Oaths the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer), what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons interested, for or upon Account of the taking or using Of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Purposes of this Act; and in order thereto the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to summon and call before them, all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Pre-inifes, and shall examine such Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury upon Oath, (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer) and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Place in question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so ascertained and settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments,*or other Persons interested therein, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of the Verdict of the said Jury; which said Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgement, Order, of finalt0 be Determination, so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Parties and Persons claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise; and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons anywise interested in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be from thenceforth.

93

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property of, in, to, or out of the fame, and upon Payment of the Money so assessed to the respective Persons entitled thereto or their Agents, or, (in case of Refusal to accept such Money) upon paying the fame into the Bank of England, in case the same shall be equal to or exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or upon leaving the fame, in case the fame should be lei's than the Sum of One hundred Pounds, in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees, for the Use of such Persons, and to be paid to them upon Demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause the Premises in respect whereof such Money shall be assessed to be disposed of, and such Acts to be done thereto as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the said respective Premises were untenanted, and the Purchase or Consideration Money received by the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and for summoning and returning any such Jury the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, signed by any Five or more of them, to the respective Sheriffs of the said County of Kent and City of Canterbury, in their respective Jurisdictions, thereby commanding and requiring such respective Sheriffs to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Trustees, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and such Sheriffs, or their respective Deputies, is and are hereby required thereupon to impannel, summon, and return such Twenty-four Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as rtiall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Persons, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of jurymen, the said respective Sheriffs, or their respective Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured or summoned to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve.

XXXIV. Provided always, That all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the Jurymen to be summoned in pursuance of this Act, in such and the like Manner as any Party in any Action depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster is or shall be by Law entitled to; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such respective Sheriffs, or their respective Deputies, who shall make Default in the Premises, and also on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned to serve on such Jury, and shall not appear, or after having appeared shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or having been sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in question, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein, and on any of the Persons who, being required to give Evidence before the said jury touching the Premises, shall refuse to be sworn or to be examined, or give Evidence touching the fame; but no such Fine shall exceed Ten Pounds upon any One Person for One Offence.

A a

Jury may he challenged.

Sheriffs may be fined for Neglect of Duty.

\_Loc. d? Per.~\

94 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

the Tamt ufeil

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That wherever the Course in altering the of any Part of the Road shall be altered by this Act, and a new Road Koa£- toJ’i?ve opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the Pui-of'theoid chafe of such old Road shall befirfl made to the Owner of such adjoining Road. Lands, which shall be cut and used for the Purpose of making such new

Road; and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall still be desirous of becoming the Purchaser, then the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury in such Manner as the P.ice for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof, at the Sum to be ascertained by a Jury to the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and Tender of the Conteyance of such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and in case any such Owner shall not agree, or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, not interested in the Premises, to make an Affidavit to be sworn before a Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where such old Road shall lie, flating that such Offer has been made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed or has refused to purchase such old Road, as the Case may be, and such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to, or refused by such Owner: Provided nevertheless, that if such Owner shall be willing and consent to take such old Road in Exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to assure the same to such Person, by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering to him a Copy thereof, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

By whom the

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall the PjurySto be g've in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money than shall, paid by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, have been offered before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more, or for left Money than shall, by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, have been offered before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as

aforesaid.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

aforesaid, or for the fame or any more Money thai shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Coils and Charges of fuminon-ing and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Colls and Expences shall be ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace, not interested in the Matter in question, and within whose Jurisdiction such Controversy or Dispute shall arise (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame', and shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures

Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by p<-r on« ab-reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said the Exptnctj. Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Houses, ev. contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the m" said Trustees to take, use, injure, or damage any Dwelling House or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk,

or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners or Proprietors thereof; except a certain Orchard or Garden Ground on the South Side of Saint Martin’s Hill, in the Parish of Saint Martin, in the City of Canterbury, and in the Boroughs of Longport and Caldecot, in the said County of Kent, or some or One of them, the Property of William Bal-dock; and a certain Orchard or inclosed Ground in Branding Street, in the Parish of lckham, in the said County of Kent, belonging to and in the Occupation of Sarah Rice Widow; and a certain Garden Ground in the fame Street and Parish, belonging to the said Sarah Rice, in the Occupation of Thomas Norris; and a Barn and certain Stables or Buildings, Farm Yard, and Orchard or Garden Ground, in the fame Street and Parish, also belonging to the said Sarah Rice, in the Occupation of Jane Pettit; and a certain Mill House or Building, and Orchard or Garden Ground, in the fame Street and Parish, belonging to Thomas Gibbs and others, in the Occupation of Henry Maxted; and a certain Biack-smith’s Forge or Building, and Garden Ground, at Wingham (Veil, in the Parish of Wingham, in the said County, belonging to William Snath, in the Occupations of John Hills and Edward Coulter; and a certain Garden Ground at Wingham Well aforesaid, in the said Parish of Wingham, belonging to Alexander Dewar, in the Occupation of Edward Smith and Wood.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be Application agreed or awarded to be paid lor any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- °gtio°n^phe"

meats equal to >09 /.

96

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

ments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Adminillra-for, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Celluique Trull, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trullees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direaion and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made, upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons v ho would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered, by the said Court, to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to th6 Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be leis than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons

Application where the Compensation shall be left than a©o/. an- exceed 20/

97

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trufiecs, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XL. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and to and for all such Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Beach, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Road, out of or from any Common or Waste Ground, River or Brook, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, in which any Part of the Road hereby directed to be made, amended, and repaired, shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Townflfip, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or (loping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing o(f such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of the said Trustees, (such Order to be made at some Meeting of the said Trustees, to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, attested and signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees), search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from, and out out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons, where the fame may be had or found (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece [Lee. & Per.3 B b of

Application where the Money is lef* than zq /.

For getting Materials to repair the Road.

98 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds, where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame, or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Road, shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interest in such Ground, as the said Trustees shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Tenons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, on Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

Notice to be

XLII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be occupiers of lawful for any Surveyor, or other Person or Persons acting under the i»nds.bictore Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any tobeniken" Materials for repairing such Road, out of or from any inclosed Lands or for repairing Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have Roads. been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, City, or Place where such Premises shall lie, to drew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to the said Trustees or such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

fakin'^wa

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who-Mattrials,u. soever, shall take away any Gravel or Materials which shall have been of the Ys?ver or gat^ere^ by or by Order of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, «r. u' y’ in any Lands, Fields, Waste, or Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpose of amending the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall get or take away any Gravel or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks ^except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use only, and

not

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6. '99

not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and for any Person or e',c. ’

Persons whom he or they shall appoint, by Order of the said Trustees, to cut and make any Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the said Road, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge necessary and proper for amending or keeping in Repair any Part of the said Road, and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Road (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House), to be made use of as a publick Highway, whilst the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Road are widening or repairing, and until the same shall be convenient and safe for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occu- making reapers of such Lands respectively, through and into which any such Drain shall be cut, or on or over which any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees; and in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and such Trustees, touching such Damage, then the Justices of the Peace, at the First General or (Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Kent or for the City of Canterbury, according to the Jurisdiction in which the Land shall lie, next after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Time of doing such Damage, shall and are hereby authorized and required to hear, settle, and determine the fame; and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to 1"cafe of any and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he justfcefot’the or they shall appoint (by Direction and under the Hands of any Five or Peace in Ser-more of the said Trustees), from Time to Time to remove and prevent the fame", all Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said Road, by Kails, Steps,

Sign Posts, or other Ports, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses,

Sinks, or Drains running into, along, or out of any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the same as large and deep as he or they shall think proper, and to cleanse any Ditch or Watercourse next adjoining to any Part of the said Road, and to cut down, lop, or remov^A1* top any Trees or Bushes growing in any Part of the said Road, or in the noyances. Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyance, or who ought to remove the fame, or to cleanse such Ditch or Watercourse, or to cut down, lop, or top such Trees or Bushes, shall refuse or neglect so to do for the Space of Ten Days next alter Notice in Writing, given for that Purpose, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by any Person or Persons refuting or neglecting as aforesaid; and in case any such Person shall not, upon Demand, pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered

too

Penalty on drawing Timber on the Road.

Road to he menfmed, and Mile Stones and Guide Polts to be created.

Penalty on damaging Mile Stones, etc.

Penalty on riding on the Footpaths, etc.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

vered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty inflicted by this Act; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every Person shall for every such Offence, over and above such Charges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall-go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber, which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of such Road, to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cause the said Road to be measured, and Mile Stones to be set up at or near the Sides thereof, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, and Ports to be erected to denote the Distance of every such Port from any Town or Place, as the said Trustees shall think fit, and also cause to be erected Guide Ports upon such Parts of the said Road, where the fame is crofted or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, injure, destroy, obliterate, or deface any of the Stones or Ports erected or to be erected on any Parts of the said Road, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or shall wilfully break, throw down, or injure any of the Stones or Parapet Walls on the Sides of any of the Bridges or Arches, or on any Parts of the said Road, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Stone, Port, or Parapet Wall so broken, thrown down, injured, or destroyed, or on which any Letters, Figures, or Marks shall be so obliterated or defaced, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwise damage, or shall ride on or drive, or lead any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, over or upon any Footpath or causeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Parts of the said Road; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Ports or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the said Footpaths or causeways; or if any Person or Persons shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Road, or in ploughing shall turn any Horle or other Beast drawing any Plough upon any Part of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall lay any Ilay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing upon any Part of the said Road to be made into Manure, or shall ferape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said

Road

IOI

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

Road with any Instrument, so as to damage the said Road, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Road, either with or without any Horse or Bead harnessed or yoked thereto; or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Brick, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever in any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Ten Shillings nor more than Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XLIX. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be rranfient Persons, unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers under this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, and to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

L. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law are liable to do Statute Work, or chargeable towards repairing and amending the Road hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall hill remain liable thereto in like Manner as hVretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent or Chy of Canterbury, in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish rr Place, in Lieu of or as a Com- for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in Lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, dist the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and

TLer. ft? Per.3 C c Effect

Power to Col. led ors to detain unknown P rfons guilty of Offences.

Persons chargeable so Statute Work to continue so.

Justices to determine Differences touching Suture VY'ork.

102

Trustee* may

compound for Statute Work.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

Effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways, and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons, who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in Lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effed for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Parts of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the said Road, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers o( Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole cr any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the

103

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said Trustees in Advance, on or before the Tenth Day of May, in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall in the First Place be paid and defrayed out of any Sum or Sums of Money subscribed for the Purposes of this Act, or out of the Tolls collected by virtue of this Act, or out of the First Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, or out of any other Monies which shall come to the Hands of the said Trustees or their Treasurer, by virtue or for the Purposes of this Act; and the Remainder of the Money so raised shall, from Time to Time, be applied in repaying the Monies borrowed by virtue of this Act, and the Interest thereof, and in carrying this Act into Execution: Provided nevertheless, that the Interest of the Monies borrowed upon the Credit of this Act shall, in the First Place, from Time to Time be duly and regularly paid, as the same shall become due and payable, out of the Tolls collected by virtue of this Act, before such Tolls shall be applicable to any other Purpose whatsoever.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures *c®yerX by virtue of this Act imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering Penalties.0 whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed), shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Kent or for the said City of Canterbury, where the Offence shall happen, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath), and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress, and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied), shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or City where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who have subscribed to pay any Money towards making and repairing the said Road, of Subscrip-

shall tions-

1C4

Actions to be brought in the Names of the Tieafureror Clerk, or One of the Trustees.

Treasurers or Clerk', or other Tiuf- . tees, not liable to the Payment of Colts.

Appeal.

Distress not to be unlawful for Want of Form.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

shall and they are hereby respectively required to pay their Subscription Money to the Treat'urer to the said Trustees, at such Time or Times as shall be appointed by the said Trustees; and if any such Subscriber shall neglect or refuse to pay such Money as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to sue for and recover the fame by Action at Law, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

LV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be brought by the Order of the said Trustees, against any Person or Persons by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the fame may be brought in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the said Trustees, on Behalf of the said Trustees, and no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name the same shall be brought; but no such Treasurer, Clerk, or Trustee, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Costs or fclxpences on Account thereof, but all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Eastern Division of the said County of Kent, or for the said City of Canterbury (within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise), next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at least of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees; and the Justices in such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise, as they shall judge proper; and such Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6. 105

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assess Proce«iing» ment. Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concern- n|]‘,j"kfur ing any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the wa,r of Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or re- Cerihrar:. moveable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall Plaintiffs not recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons ^.'xeiider'of for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing Amends, shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, (lie, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement,

shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit Limitation of shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done A<Slons-in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Kent, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Ver-dist, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or difeon-tinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

[Publick Act.]

LXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, ad- judged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without being specially pleaded.

\_Loc. £sf Per.]

D d

iq6

Commencement and Continuance of the Act

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place on the Second Tuesday after the passing thereof, and shall be in Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Farliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

* *»*)Mt*iM

Cap. 7.

An A eft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge to Cross Green, and also the Road leading out of the said last-mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Rowejley Bridge; all in the County of Derby.

[19th March 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 33 Geo.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the ¥urnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfteld to Matlock Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge to Cross Green, and also the Road leading out of the last-mentioned Road to the Tump'd; Road near Rowefley Bridge, in the County of Derby: And whereas an », Geo. . [Lot. tif Per.'] Ee Act

no

Additional Term granted*

Additional Trustees.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

Act was passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have made great Progress in the Execution thereof, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with a large Arrearof Interest, hill remain due; and that the said Roads cannot beeffectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, nor the said Sums of Money be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged; may it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such of them as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and such Part thereof as relates to Exemption from Stamp Duties) shall be and the same are hereby further continued, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due on the Credit of the said recited Acts or either of them, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts and of this Act, and all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Sir Joseph Banks Baronet, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Bath, Thomas Barker, John Barker, George Bofsley Clerk, James B of ley, John Mellor Brown, Samuel Brown, John Bunting, Thomas Bower the younger, "Jo-feph Butler, Job Hart Price Clarke, Godfrey Clarke, John Cock, James Croft, Joftah Claughton, Thomas Dutton, Thomas Dunn, Francis Eyre, George Fletcher Doctor of Physic, Philip Gel!, William Gell, Charles Gladwin, George. Gojling, Joseph Grafton, Joseph Gratton the younger, IWilham Gill, Thomas Windsor Hunloke, Thomas Hallows, John Heaton, Edward Heathcote Clerk, George Holcombe Clerk, Mark Hewitt, Jrfeph Hook, Jpfhua Jebb, Richard Jebb, Robert Jennings, Rickards lnce, Robert Lowndes, Thomas Lowndes, Edward Miller Mundy, Marmaduke Middleton Middleton, Robert Mason, Richard Wood Neville, John Nultall, George Nultall, Peter Acklam Reafion Clerk, John Booth, William Rebinson the younger, Sitwell Sitwell, Jonathan Stokes Doctor of Physic, Laurence Short Clerk, Thomas Smith, Ebenezor Smith, John Smith, William Stubbing, Robert Shirt, Thomas Sykes, Henry Bacbe Thornhill, William Thornhill, George Taylor, Wotton Byrchinjhaw Thomas, William Wright, Adam Wolley, John Wood Clerk, Robert Wood, and William Wray, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the surviving and remaining Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them; and that the said several Persons herein-before named (being qualified as in the said first recited Act is mentioned), shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to act in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed by the said recited Acts or either of them.

Ill

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

III. And whereas by the said recited Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is enacted, That from and after the Fird Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Bead, drawing any Cart, Wain, or Waggon, the Fellies of the Wheels of which shall be of less Breadth than Six Inches, there shall be demanded and taken, in lieu of the Toil chargeable by the said fird recited Act, on such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Bead, the Sum of Four-pence: Provided nevertheless that no more than the Toll imposed by the said fird retired Aft, shall be demanded and taken where any Carr, Wain, or Waggon, shall be drawn only by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Bead; which Providon hath been found prejudicial to the said Roads, and it is expedient that the fame should be repealed; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the pading of this Act, so much of the said Act, passed in the Twenty-fir A Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as exempts any Cart, Wain, or Waggon, which shall be drawn only by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Bead, from Payment of the Toll of Four-pence thereby granted and made payable, shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

IV. And whereas by the said last recited Act it is enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any Gate or Turnpike, erected or to be erected by virtue of the said Act or the said fird recited Act, for any Dung, Manure, or Compod of any Nature or Kind whatsoever (Lime excepted,) for the manuring of any Garden, or other Land or Ground, within any of the Townships or Hamlets in which such Gate or Turnpike is or dial] be erected, or for any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, not sold or disposed of, but to be laid up, in the Time of Flarved, in the Houses, Outlioufes, Barns, Yards, or Backddes of the Owners thereof, within any of the Townships or Hamlets in which such Gares or Turnpike"- are or shall be erected, or for any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry, or for any other Thing whatsoever to be employed in Husbandry, or for the manuring or docking of Land in any of the Townships or Hamlets in which such Gates or Turnpikes are or shall be erected, or for any Turf, Heath, or Peat for Fuel, to be used by the Inhabitants of the said several Townships or Hamlets aforesaid, and got within the several Townships or Hamlets wherein the said Inhabitants respectively live, or for any Cattle, or Carriage laden with Lime for the Purpose of manuring and docking of Land in the same Parish where such Lime shall be gotten and burnt, and used by the respective Inhabitants thereof: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Advantage and Preservation of the said Roads, if such Exemptions, so far as the fame relate to Carriages with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by more than One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Bead, were repealed; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the pading of this Act, so much of the said recited Act, passed in the Twenty-fird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as exempts any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, laden with any such Lading as aforesaid, and drawn by more than One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Bead, shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That if, after any Adjournment of the Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary that there should be

an

Exemption of One Horse Carts from Payment of the Toll of Four-pence, repealed.

E/Cmptions a&to Carnage* uitrd in Hui-bandry with narrow Wheels, drawn by mere than One Horse, repealed.

Meetings 0: Emergence

I 12

Trafteci to sue and be sued in the Name of their Cleric or Treasurer.

Clrrk or Treasurer to be lcpaid his Expellees.

Application of Compen fa-tion Money

vheie

2 Mounting to zoo /.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

an earlier Day of Meeting than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, then and in that Cafe the Clerk to the said Trustees, by an Order in Writing signed by Five or more of the acting Trustees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice, by Writing to be affixed on all the Toll Gates then erected by virtue of the said recited Acts and of this Act, upon the said Roads, or by Advertisement in the Derby Newspaper, of the Time, Place, and Purpose which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees, such Time being not less than Ten Days after such Notice, and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued, for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of any such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action or Suit.

VII. Provided always, That every such Clerk or Treasurer in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid, out of the first Monies to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, after such Action or Suit shall be commenced or discontinued, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in Consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he shall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex pane the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act; to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands,

Grounds,

n3

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

Grounds, or other Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Itood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetei mined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and untii the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging ro any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees of the said Roads (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said

ILcc. Per.J F f 3 Acts

Application where the Money is left than 20/.

Application where the Compenfetion Money shall be less than 200l. and above 201.

For paying the Expence of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

Term of Act.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act shall be paid out of any Monies already raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the First Monies to arite by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, shall, upon the passing hereof, cease and determine j and that the said Acts and this Act shall from thenceforth continue to be in force, and be executed, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre' and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*c*

Cap. 8.

An Act for repairing, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Shire Hall in the Town and Port of Woodbridge, to the Broad Street in the Town and Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk.

[19th March 1802.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the Shire Hall in the Town and Port of Woodbridge, to the Broad Street in the Town and Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, is in a ruinous State and Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually repaired, widened, improved, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; may it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Magistrates for the County of Suffolk, the Bailiffs of the Borough of Trustees, Eye for the Time being, Alexander Adair, Loder Allen Clerk, John Aldis, the Right Honourable Charles Lord Viscount Brome, Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury Baronet, Henry Bunbury, William Henry Bunbury, Nathaniel Barnardiston, James Barker, Charles Brooke Clerk, John Bronwin, Jo feph Baldwin, John Beddingfield, Edmund Belman Clerk, William Barber,

\Loc. IB Per.2 G g Robert

n8 ^.2‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Robert Butcher, John Rix Blakely, Stephen Bumpjlead, the Honourable W$~ Ham Cornwallis, James Cornwallis, Thomas Cowper Clerk, William Car them, Thomas Carthew Clerk, Temple Fifke Chevallier Clerk, Clement Chevallier Clerk, George Capper Clerk, John Clarke Clerk, Charles Cunningham, Stephen Cooke, Robert Clarke, John Cowperthwaite, John Cobbold the younger, John Carthew, Cornelius Collett, Woodthorpe Collett, James Clubbe, Thomas Cheuery, Clement Church, John Cutting, Thomas Cutting, John Clabon, John Cordy, Benjamin DawJ'on, D. D. NathanielD’Eye Clerk, Maximilian Daw, John Martin Denny, Samuel Denny, Edward Howehin Dykes, William Darby, John Darby, William Darby of Debenham, Samuel Elvis, John Edwards, Thomas French, Samuel French, William Freeman, William Freeman the younger, William Goodwin, William Gibbs, Robert Ginger, Samuel Gowing, Theophilus Thornhaugh Gurdon, John Gudgeon, Thomas Garncys, the Right Honourable John Lord Henniker, Thomas Havers, Charles Harrison the younger, Thomas Howes Clerk, William Hum Clerk, John Hammond, James Hammond, Flenry Hayward, Edmund Jenncy, Benjamin JeJfup, David Lewis Clerk, William Lift, Robert London, Samuel Ling, Thomas Lingwood, the Honourable John Henniker Major, Thomas Mills, Robert Malyn Clerk, William Manning Clerk, Nathaniel Manby, William Mann, Charles Mann, William Mason, William Moore, Charles Moore, Francis C.olman Negus Clerk, John Newfon, Thomas Najk, Samuel Nctley, William Philpct, John Philpot, Thomas Pettitt, Jeremiah Pite, Leonard Peirfon, William Wood Page, James Press, James Prefs the younger, John Latham Press, Robert Rose Clerk, John Ro/e, Robert Malyn Raft, Philip Riches, Philip Riches the younger, John Russell, William Rogers, Richard Sheppard, D. D. Mark Singleton, John Grove Spurgeon Clerk, Thomas Siapp, Thomas Peyton Slapp Clerk, George Smith, Maltyward Simpson Clerk, Peter Stepioe, Thomas Salkeld, Francis Scoichmcr, John Sherman, Daniel Sewell, William Smith, Jonathan Seaman, Thomas Sheldrake, Samuel Taylcure Clerk, John Bayley Toiler, Robert Taylor, John Vernon, George Wilson, William Webb, John Worth, Thomas Wythe Clerk, William Walker Clerk, Henry Goftling White Clerk, Searles Wade, Joseph Watford, John Wythe, William Whin-copp, William Whincopp the younger, Henry Wyatt, and Thomas Waylh, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road herein-before described, and Appointment for putting this Act into Execution: And that when and as often as any t'e "onVaUf' Trustees herein-before named, or to be elected in Manner herein-

c,iie.L after mentioned, shall die, or by Writing under their Hands refuse to ad in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, from Time to Time, to elect some fit Person to be a Trustee in the Room of every Trustee dying or refusing to act as aforesaid (Ten Days publick Notice of the Meeting for every such Election being given in l’ome Newspaper published or circulated in the said County, and also upon the several Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then Handing upon or across the said Road); and every Person who shall be so elected a Trustee shall be joined with the surviving or remaining Trustees, and is hereby empowered to ad in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been named and appointed a Trustee m and by this Act.

QinliSection IT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall ci 11uitecs. ke capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unlef* he shall be, in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual

Possession

"9

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Messuages. Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person having such an Estate of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be possefled of a personal Estate to the Amount of One thousand Pounds j and if any Person not being so qualified shall nevertheless aft as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, That all Acts and Proceedings which shall have been done and performed by any such Person, touching the Execution of this Act, previous to his being convicted of the Offence before mentioned, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act: Provided always, That such of the said Trustees as are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the County of Suffolk, may nevertheless aft as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested; but no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, in any Case where he shall be concerned in Interest, or during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the House known by the Name of The Cherry Tree, in Debenbam, in the said County of Suffolk, upon the Fourth Tuesday next after this Act shall have received the Royal Assent, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, and One of the Clock in the Afternoon, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet at the fame or any other Place or Places near the said Road, as often as the said Trustees shall think necessary for putting this Act into Execution; and if it shall at any Time happen that there shall not meet a Number of Trustees sufficient to act, then any Two or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting), or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall appoint a Meeting, to be held on that Day Three Weeks at the Place where such intended Meeting was appointed to have been held, and shall cause Notice thereof to be advertised in some Newspaper published or circulated in the said Coun y, and to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates then erected upon or across the said Road, at least Seven Days before such Meeting; and that there shall be One General Meeting of the said Trustees, on the First Tuesday in May in every Year, at such Place as the said Trustees shall appoint; and the said Trustees, at all their Meetings, shall defray their own Expences; and that all Acts, Orders, Determinations, Matters, and Things by this Act authorized, directed, mentioned, or expressed to be done, made, or performed by the said Trustees, shall be done, made, or performed at such Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise (except in such Cases as are hereby otherwise expressly mentioned); and the fame may be done or performed by the Majority of the Trustees present at their respective Meetings, the w hole Number present at any such Meeting not being less than

Five,

Trustees may «s Justice#.

Meetings of Trustees.

I 20

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Five, and the same shall be as valid as if done or performed by all the said Trustees: Provided always, That no such Order be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless the Number of Trustees revoking or altering the same shall be Nine at the least, and unless the Person or Persons applying to revoke or alter such Order, shall give Notice thereof to the Clerk to the said Trustees, who shall cause the same to be inserted in some Newspaper published or circulated within the said County, and to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then (landing upon or across the said Road, at least Fourteen Days previous to any Meeting to be held for that Purpose; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Trustees may

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cers°ml0ffi" from Time to Time appoint a Treasurer and Clerk, and also such Collectors of the Tolls, Surveyors, and other Officers, as they shall think ne-cefiary, and may from Time to Time remove any such Officers when they shall see Occasion: Provided nevertheless, that when any Collector of the Tolls to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall die, resign. or become incapable of performing his Duty, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Collector of the Tolls in the Stead of such as shall die, resign, or become incapable of performing his Duty as aforesaid; and the Person so appointed shall have the fame Authority for the collecting and recovering of the Tolls hereby granted, as the Person lie shall succeed was inverted with, until the said Trustees shall at a Meeting appoint a Collector of the Tolls in his Stead.

OT,.-ers V. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers as shall be appoint-

to a- count. ed by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, shall, as often as required by the said Trustees, render and give to them, or to such Person as they shall for that Purpose appoint, a true, exact, and perfect Account, in Writing under their respective Hands, with the proper Vouchers, of all Monies which they shall respectively to such Time have received, paid, and dil-bursed by virtue of this Act, or by reason of their respective Offices, and shall verify such Accounts upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Trustees (which Oath the said Trustees are hereby empowered to admi-liifter); and in case any Money so received by any such Officer shall remain in his Hands, the same shall be paid to the said Trustees, or to such Person as they shall by Writing under their Hands authorize and empower to receive the same; and if any such Officer shall refuse or wilfully neglect to render and give such Account, or to produce and deliver up such Vouchers, or to verify such Account upon Oath as aforesaid, or shall for the Space of Fourteen Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, refuse or neglect to render and give up to them, or to such Person as they shall direct, all Books, Papers, Writings, Matters, and Things, in his Hands, Custody, or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then any Justice of the Peace for the County where the Officer so making Default shall be or reside, shall and may, upon Application made to him for that Purpose by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, make F.nquiry of and concerning any such Default, in a summary Way, as well by the Confession of the Party, as by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered

121

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

powered ind required to administer without Fee or Reward), and by Warrant under his Hand and Sea), to cause such Money as shall appear to him to be due and unpaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer, rendering to him the Overplus (if any) after the Money remaining due, and the Charges of making such Distress and Sale, shall bededufted; and if such sufficient Distress cannot be found, or if it shall appear to any such Justice, in Manner aforesaid, that any such Officer shall have refused or wilfully neglected to give such Account, or to verify the fame in Manner as aforesaid, or to deliver up all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of his Office, or of this Act as aforesaid, such Justice shall commit him to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall make and give a true and perfect Account, and verify the fame in Manner aforesaid, and shall produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money (if any) remaining in his Hands as aforesaid, according to the Directions of the said Trustees, or compounded with the said Trustees for such Money, and paid such Composition according to their Direction, or until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction to the said Trustees concerning the same, which said Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive; but no such Officer who shall be committed on Account of his not having sufficient Goods and Chattels as aforesaid, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Time than Six Calendar Months; and the said Trustees shall and may out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, make such Allowance to every such Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer, for or in respect of his Care and Fains in the Execution of his Office, and to such other Perfo.ns as shall have been employed in the Execution of this Act, as to the said Trustees shall seem reasonable; but no Person shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit under the said Trustees, who shall fell any Wipe, Ale, Spirituous Liquors, or Provisions by Retail: Provided always, That the said Trustees shall and are hereby required to take such Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, far the due Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and are hereby authorized and required to cause Three Turnpikes or'loll Gates to be erected upon or across the said Road; (that is to say). One Turnpike or Toll Gate at a certain Place called The Shoulder of Mutton Corner, in the Parish of Hafketon-, another Turnpike or Toll Gate near a certain Place called The White Post Corner, in the Parish of pramfden; and the other Turnpike or 'Poll Gate, and One Side Gate, at the Bottom of Thorndon Hill, in the Parish of Thorndon, at the turning Corner to the Town and Borough of Eye; and One other Side Gate at the Corner of the Road near Farthingay Hall, leading to Melton Street, in the said Parish of Hajkcton; and the said Trustees are hereby Required and empowered to cause any other Turnpikes or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Toll Gate, to be erected or set up at or near the Side or Sides of the said Road, across any Roads, Lanes, or Ways leading into the fame, and also such Toll Houses adjoining or near to the said respective Turnpikes or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Toll Gate, or any of them, as to the said Trustees shall seem requisite and expedient, and may, if they think proper, take in and [Lee. ft? Per.~\ H b inclose

No Victualler

to hold any Place of Profit,

Officers to give Security.

Trustees may erect Turnpikes.

122

42° GEORGII m. Cap. 8.

inclose from the said Road, convenient Garden Spots to such respective Toll Houses, or any of them; and the Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at each of the said respective Turnpikes or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Toll Gate, or any Turnpike or Toll Gate which shall be erected upon or across any Part of the said Road, in lieu of any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Toll Gate, as herein-after mentioned, before any Horse or other Beall, or Cattle, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say),

Tolls. For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, drawing any Coach,

Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Hearse, Chaise, Calalh, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage of the like Nature, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches and upwards from Side to Side, the Sum of Two-pence; and for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, drawing any Waggon, or other Carriage, not having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches from Side to Side, the Sum of Three-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any Idler Number

And, for every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, or Swine, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any Idler Number.

ttoe Trustees1"

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Tolls shall be ami Manner’ and are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and if any Person or Persons, cf Recovery, subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector, to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for such Collector to seize and dillrain any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, upon which any such Tolls are by this Act imposed, belonging to any Person or Persons so neglecting or refilling, or liable to pay the Tolls as aforesaid (except the Bridle or Reins of any such Horse or other Bead, separate from such Horse or other Bead) -, and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Didrefs, and of detaining’and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure and Didrefs made, the Person or Persons so seizing and didraining shall and may fell the Horse, or other Bead or Cattle so seized and distrained, rendering the Overplu . (if any) on Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls and all reasonable Charges shall be deduced.

Tolls to be paid but Once i Diy.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have paid the Tolls hereby granted at any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of this Act upon or across either of the said Roads, shall on the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night), be permitted to pad and repass any Time or Times, as often as he shall think proper, with the fame Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, for or in respect of which such Tolls shall have been paid, through the fame Turnpike or Toll Gate

123

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

at which such Tolls shall have been paid, and also through any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected or set up at or near the Sides of the said Road, across any Roads, Lanes, or Ways leading into the fame, next or near to the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, at which such Tolls shall have been so paid, without being subject to the Payment of any further Toll; and that every Person who shall have paid the Tolls hereby granted at any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of this Act at or near the Side of the said Road, across any Road, Lane, or Way leading into the fame, shall on the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid), be permitted to pass and repass at any Time or Times, as often as he shall think proper, with the fame Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, for or in respect of which such Tolls shall have been paid, through the fame Turnpike or Toll Gate, and also through such of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected upon or across the said Road, next or near to the said Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected near the Side of the said Road, at which such Toll shall have been so paid, and at which such Horse or other Bead or Cattle, shall first pass through, after such Tolls shall have been so paid, without being subject to the Payment of any further Toll, such Persons respectively producing Notes or Tickets denoting such respective Payments, which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to gi\e gratis upon Receipt of the Tolls: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed to extend, to charge any Person or Persons who shall have paid the said Toll at any Two of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Toll Gate, with the Payment of any more or further Toll for the said HoTfe, or other Bead or Cattle, in any One Day (to be computed as aforesaid), on producing Notes or Tickets for that Purpose, to be had in Manner afore-directed.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, whenever they shall think proper (with the Consent cf such Person or Persons as shall be entitled to Two Third Parts, or more, of the Money, which shall be then due and owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls), to cause any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be erected by virtue of this Act upon or across the said Road, to be taken down, and the fame or another Turnpike or Toll Gate, in lieu of every Turnpike or Toll Gate so taken down, to be erected upon or across any other Part of the said Road, and also to lelfen or reduce all or any of the Tolls herein-before mentioned, and for such Time or Times as they shall think proper, and afterwards from Time to Time to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the respective Rates herein-before mentioned; and such reduced or advanced Tolls shall and may be collected, levied, and recovered, in such and the same Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected, levied, and recovered; but no Meeting shall be held for any such Purpose, unless Twenty Days previous Notice thereof at the lead shall have been given in some Newspaper published or circulated within the said County, and also, upon the several Turnpikes, which shall be then (landing upon or across the said Road.

Turnpikes may be re-n oved, and Tells ieduced.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they Tolls may be are hereby empowered from Time to Time, as they shall see convenient,

I

124. 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

to Compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any One Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Farms, Parities, Hamlets, or Places, near to or through which the said Road hereby directed to be repaired do lead, for the passing of their Horses, Carriages, and other Beads, or Cattle, through all or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act; which Composition Money shall be paid in Advance, and in Default thereof, the Composition or Agreement with the Person or Persons making such Default shall be void.

«r

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, Th ;t no im i i. Person shall be charged with or subject to the Payment of any of the said

Tolls, for or in respect of any Horses, or other Beads or Cattle, employ-

ed in drawing or conveying any Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, or any Roads or Highways within any of the Parishes or Townfhps through which the said Road leads, or in any Parish adjoining thereto; or employed in carrying or conveying any Dung, Mould, Compod, Lime, or other Manure, for manuring and improving of Land, or carrying or conveying any Hay, or any Corn in the Straw, to be laid up or placed in the Houses or Barns, or upon the Lands

of the respective Inhabitants of the said Parishes or Tcnvndiips; or in

conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, belonging to or employed by any such Inhabitants; or for or in respect of any Horses, Cattle, or Sheep, going to or returning from Padure or Watering Places, or Horses going to or returning from being (hoed; or for any Horses or other Beads employed m conveying from One Part of this Kingdom to another the Mail or Packet which shall be made up under the Authority or Direction of His Majesty's Podtnader General, or his Deputy or Deputies; or for or in respect: of any Horses belonging to any of the said Inhabitants going to or returning from any Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Wordiip, to which they usually resort, on Sundays, or any other Days on which Divine Wordiip is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die, and be buried within any of the said Parishes or Townships; or from any Clergyman going tc perform or returning from his Duty at any Church or Chapel, or to or from vidting his sick Parishioners; or for any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March, or lipotl Duty, or for any Horses or other Bealls or Cattle employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; or for any Horses carrying or conveying Vagrants sent by legal Passes; of for the Horses df any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Kliight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Suffolk or Norfolk, during the Time of such F.leclinn, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded: And if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the exemptions aforesaid, nut being entitled to the fame, every fucll Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings for every such Offence.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, with any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle- whatsoever, pass through any Land or Ground adjoining to or lying near any Turn"

pike

Penalty on evading the Tolls.

125

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

pike to be erected by virtue of this Act, the fame not being a publick Highway; or if the Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons, with any Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, to pass through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall be avoided; or if any Person shall give to or receive from any Person, other than the said Collectors of the said Tolls, any Ticket by this Act directed to be given by the said Collectors, or shall forge or counterfeit any such 'Picket, or make Use of any fitch forged or counterfeit Ticket, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with the Intent that the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall be avoided; or if any Person shall forcibly pass through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates with any Horse, or other Beall or Cattle, without Payment of the Tolls for the fame, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse, or other Beall or Cattle, from any Carriage, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near any Part of the said Road, any Horse, or other Beall or Cattle, or any Goods, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, every Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor lei's than Twenty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall be paid to the Informer.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, at any Time or Times, to set, demise, and to farm let, the Tolls by this Act granted, or any Part thereof, unto any Person or Persons who shall be willing to take or farm the fame, for any Term not exceeding Three Years at any One lime (Twenty Days Notice of the Intention of such Letting or Setting being given in some Newspaper published or circulated within the said County, and also upon the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be Handing upon or across the said Road), for the bess Rent they can get for such 'Polls, to be payable Quarterly in Advance to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer, with such Covenants therein to be contained as the said Trustees shall think proper and requisite.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trullees to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign over the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof (the Charges of such Mortgages or Assignments to be paid out of the said Tolls), to any Person or Persons, for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for the Repayment of the several Sums that shall be so borrowed with the Interest: thereof; which Assignment shall be according to the Form fol lowing:

DY virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled \_set forth the Title of the We, Nine or more of the Trullees for carrying the said Act into Execution, in Consideration of the Sum of to the Treasurer of the Road by the said Act directed to be repaired, in Hand paid by do hereby grant, bargain, fell,

and demise unto the said Pxecutors, Administrators,

\_Loc. £3" Per.3 1 i and

Tolls may be let.

For borrowing Money.

n

126

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

and Aligns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the Paid Act, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the

‘ whole Sum advanced or to be advanced on the Credit of the said Toils, 4 to be had and holden from this Day of

for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with the Interest thereof, shall be sooner

repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of ’

And Copies of all such Mortgages and Alignments shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees; but no Money shall be borrowed unless Notice be for that Purpose given in some Newspaper published or circulated within the said County, and also upon the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then (landing in, upon, or across the said Road, at lead Fourteen Days before the borrowing thereof; and all Mortgages or Alignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intenrs and Purposes; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Alignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, transfer their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit to the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on such Security, in the Presence of One credible Witness, which Transfer shall be according to the Form following:

4 j Do transfer this Mortgage, and all the Principal and Interest now 4 due thereupon, unto Executors, Ad-

ministrators, and Aligns. Witness my Hand and Seal, this Day of \

All w'hich Transfers shall be produced and notiied to the said Clerk; who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Dates, Names of the Party, and Sums of Money, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more; and after such Entry nude, every such Transfer shall entitle the respective A(signees or Persons to whom the same shall be made, their Executors, Administrators, and Aligns to the Beneit thereof, and Payment thereon; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person making any such Transter to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Alignments, or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned. Creditors on such Tolls, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or the Dates of such Alignments.

Application

XV. And be it further enacted, That out of the irft Monies arising of the Money, by the Tolls which (Trail be collected by virtue of this Act, or out of the first Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, the said Trustees shall in the first Place pay and discharge all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing 8 of

127

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

of this Act; and after Payment, Satnfaction, and Discharge thereof, all the Money which shall arise by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time be applied in erecting Turnpikes or Toll Gates and Toll Houses, and in amending, widening, improving, and repairing the Road by this Act intended to be amended and repaired, and in defraying the necess.iry Cods, Charges, and Expences attending the fame, and the Execution of this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Part of the Monies NoPartofth-arising from the said Tolls, or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, Money tobe shall be laid out in, or applied to, the paving or repairing any Pavement pall ing any in any Town or Street, through which any Part of the Road by this Pa'ement-Act directed to be widened or repaired shall lead.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it Avail be lawful for the Sur- Materials, veyor or Surveyors to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or for any other Person or Persons by him or them, or by the said Trustees, for that Purpose employed, to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away, any Furze,

Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials proper for repairing the said Road, in, upon, out of, or from any Wade or Common Ground, or from any River or Brook in any Parish or Place, in, adjoining to, or lying near the said Road, or in any neighbouring Parish or Place, to be used in repairing the said Road, without paying any Thing for the fame, such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons filling up the Pits, and levelling the Ground from whence such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle , and also by Order of the said Trustees, to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, and from or over the private Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons, to be used in or towards the repairing the said Road (such private Lands or Grounds not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, Wood, Coppice,

Nurlery, or inclosed Ground, now planted with any Avenue or Nursery of Trees), paying or tendering Payment of such Rates or Sums of Money for such Materials, and for the Damage which shall be done to the Owners or Occupiers of the private Lands and Grounds where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, taken, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials gotten in any Waile Ground, Common, River, or Brook, shall be conveyed, as the said Trustees shall adjudge reafnnab(e; and in case of any Difference Differences to between any such Owners and Occupiers as aforesaid and the said Trustees, touching the Damage aforesaid, the Juitires of the Peace at ^J<er e' the General Quarter Sessions to be hidden for the said County, on Eight Days Notice thereof being given in Writing by either Party to the other, shall upon Application for that Purpose by or on Behalf of either Party, hear, settle, and determine the Matter of such Payment and Damages, and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive to the Parties: Provided nevertheless, That it shall not be lawful for any Person under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away Materials for the Purpose aforesaid, from any inclosed Lands, until Notice in Writing under the Hands

128

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

of any Five or more of the said Trustees, shall have been given to the Occupier of such Lands or Grounds, or left for him at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or Two Justices of the Peace for the said County at such 'lime and Place as shall be mentioned in such Notice, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or such Justices, shall if they think fit, after after having heard the Matter, authorize any such Person as aforesaid, to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as the said Trustees, or such Justices shall think proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein, as they shall think fit, in like Manner, and the same shall be as effectual as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

Annoyance

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said to beremoved. Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, having an Order from the said Trustees, from Time to Time, to remove, take, and carry away all Annoyances, by Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, or otherwise. and also all Obstructions by Gates or otherwise, upon any Part of the said Road (except the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act), and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bullies growing in the said Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, in case the Owners or Occupiers shall neglect to cut down, lop, or top such Trees or Bullies, or to remove such Annoyances, for the Space of Twenty-one Days after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, under the Hand or Hands of the said Surveyor or Surveyors; the Charges whereof, to be settled by the said Trustees, by Writing under their Hands, shall be reimbursed and paid to the said Surveyor or >ur-veyors by such Owners or Occupiers lb neglecting to cut down, lop, or top the said Trees or Bullies, or to remove such Annoyances as aforesaid, and in Default of Payment thereof, upon Demand, the same shall be levied and recovered in such Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture for Offences against this Act is herein-after directed to be levied and recovered; and if, after Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person or Persons shall again offend in the like Manner, or if and Person or Persons shall let or place any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, so as anyways to obstruct the free Passage on any Part of the faiy Road, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings for every such Offence.

Ditcher,etc. to

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who ks c tanfed. Qp Right ought to widen, deepen, scour, or cleanse, any Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse, lying in or over, or leading into or out of the said Road, shall not, in a proper Manner, widen, deepen, scour, or cleanse such Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse, or cause the same to be done, within the Space of Twenty-one Days after Notice in Writing under the Hand of any such Surveyor as aforesaid, shall for that Purpose be given to him, her, or them respectively, or shall be left at his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode by Order of the said Trustees, the said Surveyor may, and is hereby authorized and empowered to cause such Ditch, Drain, or

Watercourse,

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 8. 129

Vvatercoutfe, to be widened, deepened, scoured, and cleansed, and to pay for the scouring and cleansing the fame; and if such Person or Per-l'ons shall not repay the Money so paid by such Surveyor, upon Demand thereof upon him, her, or them made, either in Person or by Writing to be left at his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode, such Money shall and may be levied and recovered in the like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture for Offences against this Act is herein-after directed to be levied and recovered.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Sur- Caurewajr,f/r. veyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, and such Person or Persons as shall or ra1>' bcm'u,e-may be appointed by Order of the said Trustees, to make or cause to be madeCaufeways in or along the Sides of the said Road, and to cut and make

Drains or Watercourses through any Grounds lying contiguous to the said Road, and to erect and keep in Repair Arches of Brick or other Materials, and also to cause Ditches or Trenches to be made in such Places and in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors, by Order of the said Trustees, shall adjudge necessary for the better amending the said Road, and keeping the fame in good Repair; and also to make a temporary Way or Passage through, over, and along the Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Road (such Ground not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, or planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, Plantation, or Nursery of Trees), to be made Use of by all Passengers with Horses, Carriages, or otherwise as a Road, whilst the old, narrow, or ruinous Road is repairing or widening, and until the same shall be made convenient and safe for Passengers and Carriages, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owner or Occupier of such Ground through which any such Drain or Watercourse, or on which any such Arch or Bridge, or through, over, and along w'hich any such temporary Way or Paffag£ shall be made, for the Damage which he or she shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be agreed upon between the said Trustees and such Owner or Occupier, or (in case of any Difference concerning the same) as shall be assessed and adjuged by the Justices of the Peace at the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the County in which such Ground shall lie.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and are Power to w, hereby authorized and empowered to widen, tutu, and alter the Course cwfeoft' of any Part or Parts of the said Road, through or over any Commons or Rjad.

Waste Grounds, without making any Satisfaction for the fame; and also through or over any private Lands or Grounds, first making Satisfaction

to the Owners of and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may sustain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any such Lands or Grounds, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested therein, or a iy of them, shall and may anyways sustain by such widening, turning, or altering the Course of any Part of the said Road; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or other Trustees, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Celtuique Trusts, and for all and every Person and Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands or Grounds, to contract and [Lee. (s’ Per.3 K k agree

*3° 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

agree with the said Trustees for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to sell and convey to the said I rustees all or any of such Lands or Grounds, as Occasion shall be or require; and all Contrails, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and Feoffees in Truit, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

obeaiccrt^n-

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Body Politick or

cd by a jury. Corporate, or other Owners of or Persons interested in any such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid, or any such Feoffees in Trull, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or other Trustees, shall refuse to treat, or shall not agree for the Sale of any such Lands or Grounds, or for their Interest therein, or by Reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, and the said Trustees shall within Ten Days at the least before any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, cause Notice in Writing to be giv'en to such Owners or Persons interested, Feoffees, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or other Trustees respectively, or to the principal Officer of any such Body Politick or Corporate, or to be left at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Grounds intended to be purchased, purporting that the Value thereof will be adjusted and settled by a Jury at the said Sessions, then and in every such Case the Justices at such Sessions, upon Proof made to them of such Notice having been given or left as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and required to charge the Jury which shall attend at such Sessions, or some other Jury of Twelve honest Men, to be then and there impannelled and returned by the Sheriff of the said County, without Fee or Reward, and cause them to be sworn well and truly on their Oaths, to assess the Value of the Lands or Grounds mentioned or described in the said Notice, and the Damages and Recompence to be given for the fame, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be intended to be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, to the respective Owners and Persons interested, according to their respective Interests therein; and the said Trustees and all Persons interested shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jury when they come to be sworn; and the said Jury being so sworn and charged as aforesaid, and after proper Evidence on Oath to them given (which Oath, and also the Oath to the said Jury, the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to administer), concerning the Nature, Quantity, and Value of such Lands or Grounds, or such Part or Parts thereof as aforesaid, and also after having viewed the Place in Question (if judged necessary by the said Justices in Sessions assembled, on the Application of the said Trustees or any of the Parties interested), shall by their Verdict, assess, declare, and ascertain the Quantum of the Damages and Recompence to be given for the fame, to such respective Owners and Persons, according to their respective Interests therein; and such Verdict of the said Jury shall be binding, final, and conclusive, to the said Trustees and to all Persons and Parties interested in the said Lands or Grounds; and the said Justices shall and may award Colts to either Party, as in their Discretion shall feein meet.

42° GEORGII III. Cap 8. 131

XXfll. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money so assessed ^fnp^a'"c as aforesaid shall be and the same are hereby charged upon the Monies Money, which shall be collected or raised by virtue of this Act, and shall be paid Land may be thereout accordingly, by the said Trustees, or by their Treasurer, to the raa £ eL ’ Persons rel'peftively entitled thereto, or to their Agents; and upon Payment thereof to such Persons or their Agents, or in case of Refusal to accept the fame after Tender thereof, then upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Use of such Persons, such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid shall be laid into and made Part of the said Uoad, and shall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever become and be deemed and taken to be a publick and common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the said Road for ever, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and in all Respects in such Manner, as the old Road so widened, altered, or turned, was and ought to have been kept in Repair, and all Parties and Persons shall for ever thereafter be diverted of all Right and Title to such Lands or Grounds; and after any such new Road shall be completed, the Ground constituting the former Road ^unless leading to some Village, Town, or Place, to which such new Road doth not lead), shall be verted in, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees for the bell Price that can be gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Repair of the Road hereby intended to be repaired, and the Person or Persons over whose Lands or Grounds such new Road shall be made, shall have the Preference in the Purchase of the old Road so to be sold as aforesaid; and the Conveyance to be made of such Ground, being executed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes; and the Lords of the respective Manors shall have the fame Interest and Property in such new Road as they were possessed of or entitled to in the former Road in lieu whereof such new Road shall be made: Provided always, That in widening, turning, or altering the Course of any Part of the said Road, nothing shall be done which shall or may in anywise damage or injure any Dwelling House or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard,

Park, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or Plantation or Nursery planted with Trees, on or before the 1-irst Day of "January One thousand eight hundred and one, unless the Owner or Proprietor thereof shall consent thereto: Provided always, That in case the ancient or former Way over any Common or Waste Ground, shall by virtue or in pursuance of this Act be turned or diverted, the Inhabitants of the Township, Hamlet, or Parish wherein the old or former Road shall lie, shall not be obliged to repair such old or former Road, unless the fame leads to some Village, Town, or Place, with which the new Road doth not communicate.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, faVmn^here or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, amounting to which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, 40o/-or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in this Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant

Application where the Coinpen ration lha 1 be lei's than 200 /. and exceed 201.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

countant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to hi. Account there ex parte the Trustees lor executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards i he Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Pait thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, 1 e-nements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the lame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and-the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, beinvefled by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXV. Provided always, and belt further enabled, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before dire died j or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of thenominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Cate be

applicable

133

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less Mm^v'fs'lcfs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied than »«/.

to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act. in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Prpperty of Property of and in all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates and Toll Houses which shall be ^"‘^teci’in erected and provided in pursuance of this Act, and the Materials of which the Trustees. the same shall consist, and all Materials which shall be provided for repairing the said Road as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to dispose of the same as they shall think fit, and to bring or cause to be brought any Action in the Name of any One or more of them, or of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer and prosecute, or order and direct the preferring and prosecuting of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall dig up, break, or pull down, {teal, take, or carry away, spoil, injure, ur destroy, any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, or Toll Houses, or any of the Materials aforesaid, or who shall do any Act to hinder or obstruct any Person employed by the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act. '

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Owner, Propri- Persons liable etor. Occupier, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees, Trustees, or any other Person or Persons, tinue’so. who now are, or at any Time have been liable or chargeable towards repairing any Bridge or Bridges built across or adjoining to the said Road,

or any Part thereof, shall Hill remain liable and chargeable to such Repairs, in such Manner as they would have been if this Act had not been made, and that in case any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Rents or Profits issuing out of any Lands, I encnients, or Hereditaments, now are or shall hereafter be liable and chargeable towards the amending any Part or Parts of the said Road, such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Rents, and Profits, shall Hill remain so liable and chargeable, and the Possessors and Occupiers thereof are hereby required and directed to pay such Rents and Profits as ought to be applied towards the Repairs of the said Road, to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer; and upon Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be levied and recovered in like Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures for Offences against this Act are herein-after diiefted to be levied and recovered.

XXIX. Provided ahvays, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Persons Law are liable to do Statute Work, or chargeable towards repairing and s'^teV/oX. amending the Road hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, toconrinje so.

\_Loc. Per.J LI or

i34

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

or any Part thereof, shall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Suffolk, and they are hereby required and empowered upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, yearly, to adjudge and determine what Par.t or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Paridi or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Paridi or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Paridi or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguidiing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be so paid; which Lift of Names diall be made in Manner and under such Regulations and Re-ftridions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts, the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year, upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught, to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to

remove

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 8. i35

remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe, every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Parts of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to.give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Trustees may and for the said Trustees, to compound and agree with any Person or swuw'worlf. Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work

to be by them done on the said Road or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or other wise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work, to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, in Advance, on or before the First Day of May in each and every Year, or other wise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees are hereby ^"fu5r^be empowered to cause the said Road to be measured, and Stones or Posts ’ "cu' to be set up on the Side thereof, with Inscriptions thereon, denoting the Distance of every such Stone or Post from any Town or Place, as they shall think (it; and may also, if they think fit, erect Posts at the several Roads leading cut of the Road hereby uirested to be repaired, with Inscriptions thereon, denoting to what Place or Places the said Roads respectively lead; and may also cause the Name of every Town and Village upon the said Road, to be painted in White Letters upon a Black Ground, on some conspicuous Part of feme House or other Building at each End of every such Town and Village; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, pulldowm, dig up, injure, or destroy any such Stones or Posts, or erase, obliterate, or deface any of the Inscriptions thereon, or any Inscription upon any such Houfs or other Buildings as aforesaid, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings for every such Offence, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall cause to Penalty °n be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Road any Tree or Piece of Timlerf ev. Timber, or any Stone (Mill Stones excepted), otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall

*3$

Proceedings of the Trustees to be entered.

Recovery of Penalties.

Form of Conviction.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

shall be conveyed upon Wheel Carriages to drag upon any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every fucll Offence.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act shall from Time to Time be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered, being signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall be taken and deemed to be Originals; and the said Book, and also the Book directed to be kept for registering the said Mortgages, Assignments, and Transfers, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed), shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County, or where the Offenders shall be or reside, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of any credible Witness, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby authorized and required to grant for those Purposes, and also to administer such Oath gratis), and the Overplus, after such Penalties and Forfeitures are recovered, and the Charges of levying and recovering the fame, shall have been deducted, shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures (where not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act), shall from Time to Time be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction or Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form of Words:

County of Tyj? jt remembered, That on the Day of

‘ i in the Year of our Lord

‘ is convicted before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-second

Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [_fct jorth the ‘ Title of the API, and specify the Offence, and when and whe e committedJ

Given under our Hands and Seals [Yr, my Hand and Seal] the Day ‘ and Year first above written.’

42° GEORG If III. Cap. 8.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or l’ersons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person or Persons may, within the Space of Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaine shall have arisen , appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, every such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Fourteen Days Notice at the least, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treal'urer to the said Trustees, and within Seven Days next after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the Justices at their said Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of every such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Notice, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties dif-training be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have subscribed or shall subscribe Money towards the amending and repairing the said Road, or for or towards defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall and are hereby required to pay the respective Sums lb subscribed to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, within such Time or Times, and in such Parts and Proportions as the said Trustees shall order and direct; and in Default thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sue for and recover the fame, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe.

[\Loc. Per.J Mm XL. And

137

Appeal.

Distress not to be deemed unlawful for Want of Form.

Proceedings net to be quashed for Want of Form.

Payment of Subscriptions to be enforced.

138 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

A«iomion *3e further enacted, That if any Artion or Suit shall be

commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Artion or Suit shall be brought within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County where the Cause of Artion shall aril'e, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Art; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid or brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited or discontinue his or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Treble Costs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Cods of Suit in any Case by Law.

Pubi-ck Act.

ILI. And be it further enacted, That this Art shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Art, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Commence.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this Art, and all the Tolls and T»rm*of the Powers hereby given, shall commence and take Effect on the Day on which Act. the Trustees shall hold their First Meeting, and shall be put in Execution

and continue in Force from thenceforth for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years then next ensuing, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers' to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 9.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an AEi, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening^ and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfield in the County of Sussex, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish of West ham in the said County, and for more effectually repairing the said Road; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Side Gate on the Horse Bridge Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hellingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cross-in-Hand to Burwafh in the said County.

[19th March 1802.]

\_l.oc. isf Per.]

Nn

WHEREAS

142

«7 Geo. 3.

Additional

Term

granted.

Additional

Trusteei.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing on AS, inode in the Twenty-seventh Year of His lute Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfield in the County of Sussex, to Langney Bridge, in the Parifls of Westham in the said County, and for more effectually repairing the said Road; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Side Gate on tie Horse Bridge Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hellingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cross-in-Hand to Burwalh in tljse said County, whereby certain Tolls, Powers, and Authorities were given and granted for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Roads; which Ad was to have Continuance from the End of the Session of Parliament after the Seventeenth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the Trustees acting in the Execution of the said Act, have borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted several considerable Sums of Money j which, with an Arrear of Inrereft, now remain due and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act (which is near expiring) be further continued, the Tolls increased, and some of the Provisions thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Term granted by the said recited Act shall be repealed; and that the said recited Act, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and also such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties), shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and, together with this present Act, shall be put in Execution for the several Purposes thereby and hereby intended, for and during the Term herein-after granted, as fully and effectually in all Re-speds, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; which laid Term hereby granted shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due on the said Roads on the Credit of the said recited Act, or which shall or may be hereafter borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said recited Act and of this Act, and all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That John Apftcy Dalrymple, William Henry Pigou, Francis Hare Naylor, Thomas Partington, Henry Thurlow Shadwell, and Eardley Wilmot Michell, Esquires; George Thompson, John Thompson, Edward Rudftone Langdale, George Woodward, Jeremiah Smith, Robert Hare, William Delves, Anthony Noit, and James Capper, Clerks; John Whapbam, Samuel Lidbetter, John Jenner, Edmund Catt, Thomas Moon, Caleb Pierce, Philip Turner, Walter Mason, William Child, William Dodson, James Bray, Samuel Rickman, Nathaniel Rickman, David Rickman, Henry Barton the elder, Henry Barton the younger, John Barton, Samuel Roods, Pennington Gorringe, Thomas Hall, Stephen Gower, Thomas Parker, Francis t Gorringe,

*43

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

Gor tinge, William King of Hailsham Common, William King of Hailsham Town, Robert Kennard, Thomas Noshes the younger, Richard King the elder, Richard King the younger, John King, William Etphick the elder,

William Elphick the younger, Edward Put land, John Rafon, Wiliam Ra* fan, John Denman, Waller Elphick, William Lambert, John Lambert, Samuel Lambert, George Carey, Henry Freeman the younger, James Newman,

Richard Plummer, William Martin, John Sinnock the elder, John Sinnock the younger, Samuel Sinnock, and Matthias Slye, Gentlemen, shall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with the surviving and remaining Trustees appointed in or elected by virtue of the said recited Act , and that the said several Peri'ons herein-before named, together with thofewho Were appointed or elected Trustees in or by virtue of the said recited Act (being qualified as in the said recited Act is mentioned), shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees to put the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed by the said recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commence- Discontinuing ment of this Act, the several Tolls and Duties granted in and by the said xoll^Tnd recited Act shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and (training new that in lieu and instead thereof, the respective Tolls or Duties following onei' shall be demanded and taken, before any Horse, or other Bead: or Cattle, or any Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Gate erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, upon and across any of the Did Roads, or upon and across any Lane or Way leading into the lame; (that is to say),

For every Coach, Berlin, Laundau, Chariot, Calalh, Hearse, Caravan,

Chaise, or Chair, drawn by more than Four Horles, Mares, or other Beasts of Draught, the bum of Two Shillings and Three-pence

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Hearse, Caravan,

Chaise, or Chair, drawn by Four Hoifes, Mares, or other Beasts of Draughr, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence

For every such Carriage as aforesaid, drawn by Two or Three Horses,

Mares, or other Beasts ot Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence

For every such Carriage as aforesaid, drawn by One Horse, Mare, or other Beall of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence

For every Waggon, Wain, or other Four-wheel Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, in the Summer Part of the Year, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every such Waggon, Wain, or ether Four-wheel Carriage, in the Winter Part of the Year, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every other Waggon, Wain, or other Four-wheel Carriage, in the Summer Part of the Year, the Sum of One Shill ng; and in the Winter Part of the Year, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For the Fit ft Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Cart or other Two-wheel Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, in the Summer Part of the Year, the Sum of Four-penre; and for every other Horle or other Beall of Di aught, drawing such Cart or other Two-wheel Carriage, in Summer, the Sum of T wc-pence:

For the First Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any such Cart or other Two-wheel Carriage, in the Winter Part of the Year, the Sum of

144

Double Tolls to be taken in certain Cafes.

For aftertaining the Summer and Winter Scafcns.

For preventing the Eva-lion of T ells.

4i,° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

of Sixpence; and for every other Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing such Cart or Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence

For the First Horse or other Bead of Draught, drawing any Cart or other Two-wheel Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels ot Ids Breadth than Six Inches, in the Summer Part of the Year, the Sum of Sixpence; and for every other Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing fuel) last mentioned Cart or other Two-wheel Carriage, in Summer, the Sum of Three-pence:

For the First Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Cart or other Two-wheel Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, in the Winter Part of the Year, the Sum of Eight-pence; and for every other Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing the fame, in the Winter, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence

For every Afs or other Beast of Burthen, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny

For every Ox, Bull, Cow, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Penny: For every Drove of Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Two-pence by the Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number, except as to any Number under Five, which shall pay the Sum of One Halfpenny

And for every Drove of Calves or Hogs, the Sum of Five-pence by the Score, and so proportionably

And that, for the Purposes of this Act, Two Oxen or other Neat Cattle drawing in Pairs, shall be deemed equal to One Horse.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Double the said respective Tolls shall be demanded and taken for every Carriage laden with Chalk, Timber, Plank, Iron, Bricks, Tiles, Bolders, Flints, Beach, or Stones, which shall pass through any of the Turnpikes erected upon the said Hoads, between the First Day of November and the First Day of April in every Year; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas it is necessary that the Time fixed by the said recited Act, for ascertaining what shall be deemed the Summer and Winter Seasons, should be altered , be it therefore further enacted, Thar, for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, it shall be deemed Summerfrom the First Day of April to the First Day of November, both Days inclusive, and Winter from the Second Day of November to the Thirty-first Day of March, both Days inclusive.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall go or pass with any Carriage, Horse, or other Bead, laden, on any of the said Roads, and after coming to or near any Gate erected or to be erected thereon, shall take out or take off such Lading, or any Part thereof, from such Carriage, Horse, or other Beast, and carry or convey the lame through such Gate in any other Manner than in or on the lame, or some other Carriage, Horse, or other Beast, with an Intent to evade, and having the reby evaded the Payment of any of the said Tolls or any Part thereof, every such Perl’on shall be subject and liable to the same Penalties as are inflicted by the said recited Act upon Persons evading the Tolls.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 9. 145

VII. And whereas it is proper that the Cl. use in the said recited A&, For repealing which exempts certain Perfor.s from the Payment of Toll, should be re- Exemption, pealed, and other Provisions made for that Purpose; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of tins Act, the said Clause shall be and is hereby repealed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Exemption* Persons shall be charged with any of the Tolls aforesaid, who shall pass ,rom rol,‘ through any of the Gates or Turnpikes which are or shall be tressed on the said Roads, or across any Lane or Way leading into the fame, with any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, which shall carry or draw any Quantity of Gravel, Chalk, Stones, Sand,

Rubbish, or other Materials for repairing the Roads hereby diretStd to be amended, or any Road in any of the Parishes in which the fame Turnpikes are or shall be erected; nor for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs,

Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage carrying or drawing Grass, Hay, Clover,

Saintfoin, Fodder, Straw, Corn in the Straw, Dung, Mould, or Compost (Lime excepted), or earn ing or drawing any Ploughs, Harrows,or other Implements of Husbandry, to be used for the tilling or (locking of any Lands or Grounds in any of the Parishes in which such Gates or Turnpikes are or shall be ertded; nor for any Horse or Horses or other Cattle going to or from Water or Pasture, or to be (hoed or farried* or to or from Plough or other Tillage or Woik in Husbandry, upon or in any of the Lands or Grounds within the several Parishes in which such Gates or Turnpikes are or shall be erefled; or for any Waggons, Carts, or other Implements of Husbandry belonging to the Inhabitants of any of the Parishes aforesaid, on passing through any such Gates or Turnpikes, for the Purpose of being repaired within the same Parish; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Person or Persons residing in any Pa-nfli wherein the said Turnpike or Turnpikes is, are, or shall be erected, for passing through the said Turnpike or Turnpikes, and carrying any Corn or Grain threshed from his or their own Barns, to his or their own Granaries situate and being in the same Parish , or for hauling or carrying any Dung or Soil made in his or their own Stables or Folds lying in such Parishes, into or upon any Lands in the fameParish that shall be in his or their own Occupation; nor for any Horles or Carriages, of whatever Ddcription, employed or to be employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Pollmaster General, or in returning back from conveying or guarding the fame; or for the Horses of any Soldiers who are upon their March, or for the Horses, Waggons, Carts, cr Carriages belonging to and passing with them, or carrying their Baggage; or for Horses, Carts, or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by Pulfcs; nor for any Coach, Landau, Chariot, C.ilafn, Chaise, or Chair, or Passenger on Horleback, going to or returning from any Eie&ion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire co serve in Parliament for the County of Suj/ex, during the Time of such Election, or on the Day before or after the fame; nor from any Person or Persons residing in any of the Parishes in which the said Roads hereby directed to be repaired do lie, who shall pass through any of the aforesaid Turnpikes to or from any Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship, situate in the Parish in which such Person or Persons full lb reside, on Sundays.

\Loc. Per.] O 0

146

Exemption* not to be claimed in certain Cafes.

For punishing Verfoni injuring the Roads.

Penalties may be levied before One Justice.

Application of Compensation Money, where amounting to tool.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to claim the said Exemptions from Tolls, or any of them, on carrying or drawing any Gravel, Chalk, Stone, Sand, Rubbish, or other Materials, through any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be eroded by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, unless the same shall be for the Repair of the Roads hereby intended to be repaired, or One of them, or of fume publick Road lying in the same Parish in which such Gate or Turnpike is or shall be erected; nor shall any Person or Persons be entitled to claim any Exemption from Toll on carrying or drawing any Grass, Hay, Clover, Saintfoin, Fodder, Straw, Corn in the Straw, Dung, Mould, or Comport, Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry; or for any Horseor Horses, or other Cattle going to or from Water or Pasture, or to be shoed or farried, or to or from Plough or other Tillage or Work in Husbandry, or on carrying any such Corn or Grain threshed, or hauling or carrying any such Dung or Soil as aforesaid, other than the Occupier or Occupiers of Lands lying contiguous to the Gate or Turnpike through which such Cattle or Carriage shall pass, and in the same Parish in which such Occupier or Occupiers shall reside.

X. And whereas the Tolls arising upon the said Turnpike Roads have been considerably diminished, and the Roads themselves materially injured, by the Practice of loading Carriages with extraordinary Weights of Chalk at the Pits from which the fame is dug, and after parting through the Turnpike Gate next adjoining or near thereto, depofuing the Whole or Part thereof on the Sides of or in Places near adjoining to such Roads, to be afterwards removed and carried further along the said Roads j be it therefore enacted, That if any Person from and after the Commencement of this Act, shall wilfully, and not by reason of unavoidable Acci* dent, unload or deposit any Chalk from any Waggon, Wain, Cart, 01 other Carriage in which the same shall have been carried through any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected under the Powers of this or the said recited Act, upon the Side of or within Five hundred Yards Distance from either of the Roads by this Act intended to be repaired, except at or near such Kiln or other Place where the same shall be intended to be burnt into Lime, or otherwise used or employed, every such Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of evading the said Tolls, and shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied and disposed of as other Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this or the said recited Act, upon Persons wilfully evading the said Tolls, are directed to be levied and disposed of.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the said recited Act and this Act, shall and may be levied and recovered in the Manner therein mentioned, before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of SujJ'ex; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Convert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such

Money

*47

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, , or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Pur-p> fes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be left than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Appiobation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating

Application where the Compen ration shall be left than 100l. and above zol.

148 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

minating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be leis than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments lo purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fir, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

For paying

XV. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and Ex-Per)Ces incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid out of the First Money collected or received by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act.

[Publick Act.]

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Jufhces, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place upon the Nineteenth Day < f One thousand eight hundred and two, an^t, together with the said recited Act, (frail continue in force for and during the I crm of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod ' Excellent' Majesty. 1802.

Commmre-

ment and Cont ..u.incc of t»iC

Application where the Money is less than 20 /.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. io.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, pasted in the First and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Hel-stone, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the West ward of the said River and Bridge.

[19th March 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and wi- , Gej dening the Read leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the rciited. County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Helstone, and Marazion; and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge, l'everal Tolls \_Loc. & Peri] P p and

150

2i Geo. 3.

Acts further continued.

Additional

Trultets.

Quorum of '1 ruttees.

Application of Compensation where exceeding loo/.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

and Duties were granted and made payable, and divers Powers and Authorities were given for amending and widening the said Roads, and for putting the said Act into Execution, which said Act was to have Continuance from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said recited Act, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the fame in Execution; for which Purpose they have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which (till remain due, and which cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be properly amended or kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued, altered, and enlarged; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, Penalties, Clauses, Matcers, and Things, therein contained (except such Parts thereof as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such as are hereby varied or altered),shall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Residue and Remainder of the Term now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the said recited Acts, and from and after the Expiration thereof, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted shall be, and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said former Acts, or either of them, or hereafter to be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said former Acts and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That John Rogers Junior, James Plcmer, John Kempt home, and Hannibal Sandys, together with the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, shall be Trustees for putting the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may execute, direct, and perform all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Articles, Directions, Matters, and Things whatsoever, by this and the said recited Acts given, directed, and prescribed; any Thing in the said Acts, or either of them, contained, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts, and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Dif-

1 ability

42° GEORGII III. Cap. io. 151

ability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Acts particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts, and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Parts thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith to the fame or like Uses,

Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Eft'ed; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, *£*'*1" taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corpora- ,t t-. V.ot ex-tion, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as afore- zc,°1 nor said, shall be less than the Supi of Two hundred Pounds, and shall t>un I0/' exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing udder their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be

signified

152

Application where the Money is less than 20/

Tor paying the Expences of this Att.

Publick AH.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in cale of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall be defrayed out of any Money already collected or received by virtue of the said former Acts or either of them, or out of the fil'd Monies to be raised by virtue of the said former Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Ad, and as such be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's rno/l Excellent Majesty. 1802.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. Hi

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Wastes, within the Manor and Parish of Barkeswell in the County of Warwick.

[19th March 1802.]

WHEREAS there are, within the Manor and Parish of Barkeswell in the County of Warwick, certain Commons and Wastes called Balfal Heath and Beech Wood, and other Commons and Waste Lands, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, Three hundred Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas Catherine Knight ley Widow, is Lady of the said Manor of Barkeswell, and as such, is entitled to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands: And whereas the said Catherine Knightley, John IVilmot Esquire, Richard Dugdale Esquire, William Hud-desford, Mary Htiddesford, George Dalton, John Lant, Catherine Lant, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the said Manor, and in respect thereof are entitled to Right of Common in and upon the said several Commons and Waste Lands: And whereas the said Commons and Waste Lands, in their present State, afford very little Profit or Advantage, but are capable of great Improvement; and the fame would, if allotted, divided, and inclosed, be of great Advantage I to the several Persons interested therein, and of publick Utility; but such Allotment, Division, and Inclosure, cannot be made and effectually efta-[Loc. (s’ Per.] q blished

I

154 42° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

blished without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every A Commit- the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor and Parish, shall

j ointed*.' be set out, allotted, and divided, as soon as conveniently may be, by

schnlVedge of Hill Bickenhill in the County of Warwick, Gentleman; and that he and his Successor for the Time being, shall be and is hereby appointed the Commissioner for setting out, allotting, dividing, and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Lands, and for putting in Execution the several Powers, Authorities, and Trulls, herein-after expressed or referred to* in that Behalf.

of^Gec^ And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Autho-

to be put in rities, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions Sav-Execution ings, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act, passed in pu'jnant ije the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One this Act. A 51 certain Provisions usually inserted in APIs of Inclosure, and for facilitating

the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the passing of such Acts, are contained and enacted, and are not controuled by or repugnant to any of the Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations contained in this Act, shall be duly enforced, practised, applied, and put in Execution, for the dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Lands, so far as the lame are applicable thereto respectively, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all such Powers, Authorities, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Savings, Clauses, Matters hnd Things, had been expressly inserted and re-enacted in this Act with relation thereto.

Power to ap-

III. And be it further enacted, That if the said John IVedge, or any Comnaffioner. Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead, as herein-after mentioned, shall die, or shall neglect or refuse, or become incapable to act, before the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him shall be wholly and completely executed, then and in every such Case the Persons interested in the said intended Inclosure, or the major Part of them in Value, or their Agents, who shall attend at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose at Barkeswell aforesaid, or within the Diltance of Five Miles from the said Parish, pursuant to Notice to be given in the Parish Church of Barkeswell aforesaid, upon feme Sunday immediately after Divine Service, and also in the Newspaper called The Coventry Mercury, at lead Ten Days before such Meeting, shall from Time to Time (within One Calendar Month next after the Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity of the said Commissioner shall happen, or as soon after as Occasion may require), by Writing under their Hands, appoint One other Commissioner, not inte-relted in the said intended inclosure, in the Place of such Commissioner so dying, neglecting, refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every Commissioner so appointed, shall have the fame Powers and Authorities as the said John IVedge is-by this Act inverted with.

Regulations

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioner for the Time - being shall, and he is hereby required to cause publick Notice to be Meetings. given

42° GEORGII III. Cap. n. 155

given in the Parish Church of Barke/well aforesaid, upon some Sunday' immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing affixed on the Door of the said Parish Church, and by Advertisement in the said Coventry Mercury of the Time and Place of his First and every subsequent Sitting or Meeting for the Execution of this Act, at lead Ten Days before every such Sitting or Meeting shall be held (Sittings or Meetings by Adjournment only excepted), and that fetch First Meeting shall be held within Thirty Days next after the passing of this Act, or as loon after as conveniently may be; and the said Commissioner shall and may adjourn from Time to Time, as he shall see Occasion, for the Execution of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to the Personby

whom the Lands and Grounds shall be surveyed and admeasured for the At- Purposes of this Act, a full Recompence and Satisfaction for his Trouble, lowance*. and for all his Expences and Charges whatsoever in surveying and admeasuring the said Lands and Grounds, and in planning and Halting out the several Allotments intended to be made in pursuance of this Act, and in making such Maps and Plans as may be required by virtue of this Act

Provided nevertheless, that no Proprietor of old inclosed Estates within the said Manor, who shall produce to the said Commissioner such Map or Survey thereof, as shall to the said Commissioner be so satisfactory as to render any new Map or Survey unnecessary, shall be liable to contribute any Sum or Sums of Money towards paying the Expence of making such Maps and Surveys of the Estates, whereof no satisfactory Map or Survey shall be produced to the said Commissioner; but the Expence of such Maps and Surveys shall be paid by those Proprietors whole Estates require surveying, in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall direct and appoint.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Account of the said John Forexamin. Wedge, or of the said Commissioner to be appointed as aforesaid, containing

a true Statement of all Sums by him received and expended, or due to him miifioner’s for his own Trouble or Expences, shall at lead Once in every Year from Account* the passing of this Act, until such Accounts shall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined by WriotbeJJy Digl/y of Meriden in the County of Warwick aforesaid, Esquire, Barrister at Law, who is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpose j and in case of his Death or Refusal to act, by such other Barrister at Law as shall be appointed for that Purpose, in like Manner as herein-before is provided for the Appointment of a new Commissioner in the Place of the said John Wedge, and the Balance by him Hated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioner; and that no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by the said Wriothejiy Digky, or such other Auditor as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons claiming to be en- claims to b» titled to or interested in the said Commons and Waste Lands, or any or f^ilc'0r^dnj* either of them, shall, either by themselves or their Stewards, Agents, or Oonci-°mm' Attornies, deliver to the said Commissioner an Account in Writing of such their Claims, and a Particular of the Estates or Property in respect: whereof such Claim or Claims shall be made, and in whole Possession or

Enjoyment

i56

Cemmirtloner to dettrraine disputed Claims.

Power to try

c.ifpued Claims at Law.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. ii.

Enjoyment the same are, and by what Tenure the same are held, within such Time or Times as the said Commissioner shall for that Purpose appoint; and if any Dispute or Dilference shall arise between the Parties, or any of them, touching or concerning the respective Shares, Rights, or Interests, which they or any of them now have or claim in or to the said Commons and Waste Lands intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, or touching the respective Shares or Allotments which they or any of them ought to have of or in the fame, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered, by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Commissioner is hereby empowered to administer), and upon other good Proof and sufficient Enquiry, to hear and determine the fame, and to make such Order therein as to the said Commissioner shall appear equitable and just; and a Copy of such Order shall be delivered to the several Persons affected thereby, or their several and respective known Agents, or left at their Dwelling Houses respectively, and such Order shall be final, binding, and conclusive, unless Notice of Dissatisfaction shall be given, and the Party dissatisfied shall proceed to a Trial at Law, as herein-after provided; provided, that no Determination of the said Commissioner shall exclude any Perl'on from trying and asserting his Right at Law or in Equity, in respect of the Title to any of the Shares or Allotments aforesaid, so that no such Trial, or any Judgement thereupon, shall suspend or impede the Execution of this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, or Corporace, making any Claim or Claims to the said Commons or Waste Lands, or any Rights or Interests therein as aforesaid, or objeding to any such Claim or Claims, shall be diffiitisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioner, and shall be desirous of having such Claim or Claims, Rights and Interests respectively tried at Law, and the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, so desirous to have the fame tried at Law', shall and do by themselves or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Agents, or Attornies, give Notice thereof in Writing to the said Commissioner, at his First or Second Sitting or Meeting after such Determination shall have been so made by the said Commissioner, (of which Notice the said Commissioner is hereby required, immediately on Receipt thereof, or as soon afterwards as conveniently can be done, to give Information to the adverse Party or Parties, or his, her, or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Agents, or Attornies, by Writing under his Hand, to be delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Party or Parties, Stewards, Receivers, Agents, or Attornies respectively), then, but not otherwise, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, giving such Notice as aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Af-tigns, and he, ffie, or they shall, and is and are hereby respectively required to proceed to Trial at Law for the fame, at the next Assizes to be holden for the County of Warwid, after such Notice given as aforesaid, in a feigned Action or Actions for that Purpose, to be commenced in One of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, giving such Notice as aforesaid, against the adverse Party making such Claim or Objection as aforesaid, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies

i57

42° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

who shall file Common Bail, or appear and accept One or morelffue or Iffucs, whereby all such Claim or Claims, and Rights may be properly tried and determined, (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officers of the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be commenced, if the Parties shall differ abouc the fame), and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in the said Action or Actions, shall be final, binding and conclusive, to all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate whomsoever, unlel's the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial or new Trials to be had, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, and also upon sufficient Cause shewn to put off the Trial of such Issue, as is usual in other Cafes; and after any Verdict or Verdicts shall have been obtained and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioner shall,’ and he is hereby authorized and required to conform thereto in setting out and allotting the said Commons and Waste Lands, and the Costs and Charges payable by the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, if the same shall relate to any Claim or Claims in or to the said Commons or Waste Lands, which diall have been objected to by the major Part in Value of the Land Owners within the Manor aforesaid, by themselves, or by their respective Agents, shall be paid and discharged by the said Commissioner, and shall be deemed Part of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, and shall be raised and recovered as such.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner may, and Power to alter

he is hereby authorized and empowered to divide, direct, divert, or alter a id

the Course of any Springs, Streams, or Currents of Water in the Com- ter out Giavcl mons and Waste Lands hereby intended to be inclosed, for the Use and piu-Benefit of the several Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act,

so as thereby not to injure any Person or Persons at present entitled to the Benefit of such Water; and that the said Commissioner shall assign, set out, and appoint as many convenient Parts or Pieces of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be inclosed, not exceeding Two Acres in the Whole, as he shall think proper, for the getting Gravel and Stone, or other Materials for repairing the publick Roads and Ways to be set out by virtue of this Act, to and for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Manor, for repairing their ancient Roads; and that the Herbage growing in and upon the said Parts and Pieces of Grounds, shall be and is hereby vested in the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways in the said Parish for the Time being, in Trust to let and set the fame for the belt Rent he or they can get, and to apply the Rents and Profits thereof in repairing the said publick Roads and Ways.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Comiriissioner shall, and Allotment to he is hereby authorized and required, (after the publick or private Roads (heM»uorfo shall be set out, and the Allotment for getting Gravel and Stone, or other the Soil. Materials as aforesaid), to set out, allot, and award unto and for the said Catherine Knight ley, or the Person or Persons who for the Time being

shall be Lord or Lady of the said Manor of Barkeswell, so much, and such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioner shall contain, together with the Encroachments made therefrom [_Loc. C? Per.J R r within

158 42° GEORGII III. Cap. li.

within Twenty Years last pad, (a Schedule of which, with the yearly Sums to be paid by each Person for the fame set oppofne to their several and respective Names, is annexed to this Act, under the Title of the First: Schedule), One full Twentieth Part, (Quantity and Quality confi--dered), of all the said Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor, (including such Encroachments), in lieu of the Rights and Intereds claimed by the said Catherine Knight ley, as Lady of the said Manor of Barkeswell, of, in, and to the Soil of the Remainder of the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed,exclusive of her and their Right to the Timber and other Trees now growing in the said Commons and Waste Lands, which the Lord or Lady of the said Manor for the Time being is to be at Liberty to cut down and dispose of at any Time or Times within Six Calendar Months from the Execution of the Award herein-after mentioned.

Leases to be

XI. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons now in Pof-SmaVersVf fession of any of the said Cottages, and the Encroachments occupied their En- therewith, made within the lad Twenty Years, diall be and are hereby made'w'it'hin’ entitled to hold the fame, subject to the accudomed Payments to the Twenty Lord or Lady of the said Manor, (particularized in the said Fird Sche-\tan. dule), for the Term of Twenty-one Years from the Date of the Award herein-after mentioned; and that the said Catherine Knightley, or the Lord or Lady of the said Manor for the Time being, shall, at the Requed, Cods, and Charges of the several Persons now in Possession of such Cottages and Encroachments, their Executors, Adntinidrators, or Alligns, execute Leases thereof to them respectively for the said Term of Twenty-one Years, at the usual and accudomed Rents, on such Lessees executing Counterparts of such Leases.

Allotments to

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, out c«Mage»for of the said Twentieth Part of the said Commons and Wade

erect'd above Lands, so to be allotted to the Lord or Lady of the Manor aforesaid, vmder^certain* a®Sn and appoint unto each and every of the Cottages which have been Regulation;, erected upon the said Commons and Waste Lands, more than Twenty Years, (a Schedule of which, together with the yearly Sums payable by each Person for the fame, set opposite to their several and respective Names, is annexed to this Act, under the Title of the Second Schedule), such Part or Proportion of the said Residue of the said Twentieth Part, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioner be necessary and proper to add to the Convenience and Comfort of the Occupiers thereof, and that the said Catherine Knightley, or the Lord or Lady of the said Manor for the Time being, shall, at the Requed, Cod, and Charges of the said Cottagers, execute to them respectively a Lease of their present Cottages, and also of such Piece of Land as the said Commissioner shall add thereto, at the respective Rents now payable for the said Cottages, together with such additional Rent for the new Allotment as the said Commissioner shall fix, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Fifty Years nor less than Twenty-one Years from the Date of the said Aw'ard, as the said Commissioner shall direct or appoint, and that the Lessee or Lessees of the said Cottages diall execute Counterparts of such Leases: Provided always, that no Person who shall refuse to execute a Counterpart of any Lease herein-before directed to be made of the said Cottages,

2 shall

*59

42° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

shall on any Account be entitled thereto, or to the Benefits to arise thereby.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, and is hereby authorized and required in the next Place to set out, allot, and award all the Residue of the said Commons and Waste Lands unto and amongst the said Catherine Knight ley, John Wilmot, Richard Dugdale, William Huddesford, Mary Uuddesford, George Dalton, John Lant, Catherine Lant, and the several other Persons, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Manor and Parish, and all other Persons having Right of Common in and upon the said Commons and Walfe Lands, if any such there are, rateably and in Proportion to the Value of their respective Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Right whereof they are severally entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid; and the said Commissioner shall order, fix, settle, and set out each Person’s Share and Allotment, and the Divisions and Boundaries thereof respectively.

XIV. And whereas there are within the said Manor and Parish, several wide Parts of Lanes and Slangs, and Pieces or Parcels of Land which have been encroached from the said Commons or Waste Lands, and laid to Lands adjoining, and other Pieces or Parcels of Land that might, to the Advantage of all Persons intereded therein, be sold to such Person or Persons as should be willing or desirous to become Purchasers thereof j be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and empowered to fell such wide Parts of Lanes and Slangs of Land, and Pieces or Parcels of Land which have been encroached from the said Commons and Waste Lands, and laid to adjoining Lands, and other Pieces and Parcels of Land, by publick Sale or Auction, to the bed Bidder of Bidders, in such Lot or Lots, and subject to such Conditions of Sale, as the said Commissioner shall think proper, giving Fourteen Days Notice at lead of the Time and Place of such Sale in the Coventry Mercury, and repeating the said Notice Twice at lead in the fame Paper; and the Purchaser or Purchasers of all or any Part of the said wide Parts of Lanes and Slangs, and Pieces and Parcels of Land so directed to be sold as aforesaid, shall pay his, her, or their Purchase Money into the Llands of the said Commissioner, and immediately after Payment thereof, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall be absolutely seised of an Effate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, of and in the Lands and Hereditaments so by him, her, or them purchased, free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and also free from the Payment of any Part of the Expence of obtaining or putting into Execution this Act, or of making any new Roads which may by the said Commissioner be directed to be made in pursuance thereof: Provided nevertheless, that previous to the publishing any Advertisement for Sale of any Part of the said wide Parts of Lanes and Slangs, and Pieces or Parcels of Land lying before any Messuages, Tenements, and Lands belonging to any Person or Persons whomsoever, the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby directed and required to deliver unto such Person or Persons before whose Lands and Tenements the same shall be, or his, her, or their known Agent or Attorney, a Description and an Estimate in Writing, under the Hand of the said Commissioner, of the Value of such Part or Parts of the said wide Parts of Lanes and Slangs, and Pieces or Parcels of Land so intended

to

Allotment of the Kefidue.

Commissioner may fell certain Waste Lands.

x6o

I'xpences of Exchanges, &c, to be home by the Parties in-te relied therein.

Allotments to be of the lame Tenure, and enure to the fameUfes as the Litates in lieu of which they were made.

except L cases ai Hack Rent.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, (Quantity, Qualify, Situation, and Convenience contidered), in order that such Person or Persons may have an Option of purchasing the fame by private Contraft; and that in case such Person or Persons shall, within Fourteen Days from the Delivery of such Notice, payor causeto be paid to the said Commissioner for the Purposes aforesaid, the Amount of such Estimate or Valuation, then such Parts of the said Lands so intended to be sold as aforesaid, shall not be advertised for Sale or sold by publick Auction, but from and immediately after Payment of the Purchase Money, the Person or Persons paying the fame shall be absolutely seised of an Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, of and in the Lands and Hereditaments contained in such Description and Estimate, free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and also free from any Part of the Expences aforesaid; and the Monies so to be received from such Person or Persons, making such private Contrafts, and also the Monies to be received from the said Salts to be made by Auction, shall be applied by the said Commissioner towards defraying the Expences of this Act: Provided, that the said Commissioner and Surveyor thall not be compelled or required by virtue of this Act, to repair any Roads or Highways already made, in or through, or over any of the Lanes, Slangs, Pieces, or Parcels of Land lati mentioned.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making of any Sales, Exchanges, and Partitions by virtue of this Act, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Sales, Exchanges, or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioner thall by his said Award, or other separate Deed or Instrument, order and direct.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Plots or Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Lands, which upon the said Division shall be assigned, allotted, and awarded to the several Parties interested in the Premises, and also the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, old Inclosures, and new Allotments, and other Hereditaments which shall be exchanged by virtue of this Act, thall immediately after such Allotments and Exchanges be of the fame Tenure, and be held under the fame Services, and the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to w hom the same shall be respectively allotted, and with w hom the fame shall be respectively exchanged as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth stand and be seised or possessed thereof to such and the same Uses, Estates, Truth, and Purposes, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Powers, Remainders, Leases, (except such Leases at Rack Rent, as shall by the said Commissioner be ordered to be vacated as herein-after directed), Charges, Tenures, Rents, Services, and Incumbrances, as the several and respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, old Inclosures, or other Hereditaments, in lieu whereof such new Allotments or exchanged Premises shall be respectively made or taken as aforesaid, now are, or should or would be held under, or subject or liable to be charged with or aft'efted by in case this Act had not been made; and every Lease and Leases at Rack Rent now fubflfling, of all and every, or any Part or Parts of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be allotted, divided, and indofed, and all other Agreements for any Term or Number of Years at Rack Rent, or from Year to Year, or at Will, thall at such Time or Times as the said Commissioner thall direct, by any Instrument in Writing under his Hand,

cease

42° GEORGII III. Cap: it.

cease and be void, the respective Lessors or Landlords making such Satisfaction to their Lessees or Tenants as (jiall be agreed upon between them, or as the Laid Commissioner shall, upon Application made to him in Writing by either Party, ascertain, order, direct, and appoint to be paid to such Lessees or Tenants, as an Equivalent for the Loss or Losses he or they shall respectively suffer by the Determination of the fame, according to the Direction of the said Commissioner: Provided that nothing herein contained shall be conlfrued to extend to make void the Leases of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, except the Commons and Waste Lands so intended to be inclosed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Lands to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, at any Time before the Execution of the Award herein-after directed to be made by the said Commissioner, or at any Time afterwards, to sell and dispose of all such Estate, Right, Title, In-tereff, and Property, which he, she, or they now hath or have, or shall or may hereafter have in or to any Right of Common in and upon the said Commons and Waste Lands, or in and to any Allotment or Allotments to be made in respect thereof by virtue of this Act, separate and apart from such Estate in Right whereof he, she, or they is, are, or shall be so entitled; and that in case of any such Sale previous to the Execution of such Award, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required to allot the same to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, who shall and may immediately after the Execution of such Award as aforesaid, have, hold, use, and enjoy such Allotments so to be allotted and laid out in lieu of the Right of Common so by him, her, or them purchased as aforesaid, in as full, large, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the former Proprietor or Vendor thereof could or might have done in case such Sale or Sales had not been made; but subject neverthfeless to the several Rules, Orders, Conditions, and Restrictions, contained in or authorized by this Act: Provided always, that all Cods, Charges, and Expences attending such Sale and Disposition as aforesaid, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Purchase or Purchases, in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall by his said Award order and direct.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Land and Ground to be allotted to the Reverend Thomis Calle/l, as Rector of Barkeswell aforesaid, shall v'ithin the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after ligning the Award herein-after directed to be made, be inclosed and ring-fenced with Quickset Hedges and Ditches, and sufficiently guarded with substantial Pods and Rails, in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall order and appoint; and that such Fence, and the Guard Mounds thereof, shall be made by and at the Expence of the several Proprietors and Owners of the Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Barkeswell aforesaid, (except the Rector of Barkeswell aforesaid), in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioner shall award or direct; and the said Fence, so to be made as aforesaid, shall, after the same shall have been made, be preserved and maintained by and at the Expence of the Rector of Barkeswell aforesaid, and his Successors for ever. S

S s

161

Leases as to inc'ofed Lands not to be affected.

Rights of Commo" may be fold separate from the L uids to which they aie appurtenant.

Fencing the Rector s Allotment.

ILoc. Per.]

162

Allotments be fenced.

Commissioner’s Award.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. iu

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be inclosed and ring-fenced with Ditches and Quickset Hedges, or other proper Mounds and Fences as soon after the same are flaked or marked out as conveniently may be, and within such Time and in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall direct or appoint; and that the several Fences to be made as aforesaid, shall be made and for ever afterwards repaired, supported, and maintained by or at the Expence of the several Proprietors of the Allotments to be let out by virtue of this Act, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioner shall direct and appoint*

XX. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the said Commissioner shall have completed and finished the respective Allotments and Divisions of the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and the several other Matters and Things to be done by him pursuant to the Directions of this Act, he the said Commissioner shall form and draw up an Award or Instrument in Writing, which shall express and contain the Quantity in Statute Measure, of Acres, Roods* and Perches, contained in the Whole of the Commons and Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and the Quantity of each and every Parcel thereof, set out and allotted to each and every of the Parties entitled to and interested in the fame respectively, and describing the Situation, Abuttals, and Boundaries of every such Allotment respectively, with proper Orders and Directions for mounding, hedging, fencing, draining, and ditching the several Allotments, and for keeping and maintaining such Hedges, Ditches, Fences, and Drains in Repair, and also for making and laying out proper publick and private Roads, causeways, Bridges, Drains, Watercourses, Watering i laces, and other Conveniencies, in, through, and oyer the said Lands so to be inclosed, and Directions for making, repairing, and maintaining the fame; and shall also express and contain such Orders, Regulations, and Determinations as shall be proper and necessary to be inserted therein, for the perfecting and completing the said intended Division and Inclosure, as to him shall seem requisite and expedient, and conformable to the Purport and Tenor of this Act, Two Parts of which said Award or Instrument shall be fairly ingrossed or written upon Parchment, and such Plans of the new Inclosure as may by the said Commissioner be deemed necessary for the Explanation thereof, shall be fairly made and annexed thereto, and One Part shall be read over in the Presence of the Proprietors who may attend at a Special General Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which Ten Days Notice in the Coventry Mercury shall be given, and the said Two Parts shall be executed by the said Commissioner under his Hand and Seal at such Meeting, or as soon after as conveniently may be, which Execution shall be proclaimed the next Sunday in the Parish Church of Barkeswell aforesaid, from which Time only the said Award shall be considered as complete; and One Part thereof shall be deposited in the aforesaid Church of Barkeswell, in the common Chefl there, or in such other Place as the said Commissioner shall direct, under the Care of the Rector and Churchwardens of the said Parish, to be open at all seasonable Times for all Persons who may be interested therein, to inspect and peruse the fame, and the other Part of the said Award shall, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution thereof, be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Warwick, and for which a Fee of One

i ' -, Guinea,

42° GEORGII III. Cap. it. 163

Guinea, and no more, shall be paid, and a true Copy of such Award* or of any Part thereof signed by the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, for which no more than Four-pence per Sheet shall be paid, each Sheet to contain Seventy-two Words, and also each Part of the said original Award or Instrument shall be allowed as good and legal Evidence; and the said Clerk of the Peace and his Deputy shall permit and suffer any Person or Persons whomsoever, from Time to Time and at all Times within the Office Hours of Attendance, to peruse or inspect the Part of the said Award or Instrument deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, upon paying for every such Perusal or Inspection One Shilling, and no more; and the several Allotments, Exchanges, Partitions, Sales, and Divifrons, so made or authorized by the said Commissioner, and expressed in such Award or Instrument in Writing, so executed and deposited as aforesaid, together with all Orders, Regulations, and Determinations therein contained, respecting the Premises, shall be and are hereby declared to be binding and conclusive unto and upon all and every the Parties entitled unto or interested in the several and respective Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, intended to be allotted, divided, inclosed, fold, exchanged, or otherwise disposed of under the Powers of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Sheep or Lambs shall be kept F r prevent, in any of the said new Inclosures during the Space of Three Years from the Execution of the said Award, unless the Person or Persons keeping damaged by such Sheep or Lambs do at his, her, or their own Expence fence his, her, ih"P* or their Neighbour’s Quicksets adjoining the Inclosures whereon such Sheep or Lambs shall be kept, so as to prevent any Damage being done to such Quicksets by such Sheep or Lambs,

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences in- E*p«nce* of cident to and attending the passing of this Act, and of the surveying, allotting, and dividing the Commons and Waste Lands so intended to be inclosed, and of preparing and depositing the Award of the said Commissioner, and the Duplicate thereof, and of forming and making the several publick Bridle and Footways, and private Ways, causew'ays,

Bridges, Watercourses, and Drains, and all other the Charges and Expences in and about the Premises, shall be borne and defrayed by the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds so to be inclosed, except the Rector of Barke/well, by a Rate or Rates in Propprtion to their several Shares and Interests therein, to be settled, ascertained, and determined by the said Commissioner, and that the said Commissioner shall and may order and appoint to what Person or Persons, and within what Time or Times the several Sums to be settled, rated, or ascertained as aforesaid, shall be paid.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of Money ad-the Proprietors of, or Persons interested in the Commons and Waste Lands

hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or any other Person or Persons the Acts to

whomsoever, shall advance and pay any Money in Discharge of the Fees

or other Expences in and about the obtaining this Act, the same Sum or Sums of Money, together with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be repaid and satisfied to the Person or Per-

ibns so advancing or paying the fame, out of the Monies which shall be

first raised to defray the Expences by virtue hereof.

164

Appeals to the Quarter Sessions.

General

Saving.

[Publick Act.]

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case (except in such Cases where the Orders, Directions, or Determinations of the said Commissioner are directed to be final, binding, or conclusive, and also except when a Verdict shall be had as herein before provided), such Person may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the County of Warwick, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, and the Justices at such Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Colls, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by Order or Warrant to levy the Colls which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XXV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, (other than and except the respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Lands, or other Compensation shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Compensation shall be made, and except such other Rights and Interests as the Intent and Purposes of the Inclosure hereby authorized, shall absolutely require to be barred, destroyed, or extinguished by this Act), all such Estates, Rights, and Interests, as they, every, or any of them, had or enjoyed of, in, and to or in respect of the Commons and Waites hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed if this Act had not been made.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without the fame being spedally pleaded.

165

42° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

The FIRST SCHEDULE

ABOVE REFERRED TO.

Simon Granger - - House, Garden, and Pleck Francis Eden - - House and Garden

GeorgeiJmith - - House and Garden

2

The SECOND SCHEDULE

Isaac Lewis Edward Pitman - Widow Cannon - William Lapworth William Court - William Sherwood Mary Woodwards Charles Parsons - Thomas Whitehead Joseph Titmoufe John Staplin John Nicholls Edward Shakespear Francis Allen Charles Higginson Nathaniel Arnold William Gibbs -

William Wilday Samuel Scrivenor Widow Brookes William Pinks Joseph Adkins - Richard Lancaster Andrew Court -

William Lynes -

Thomas Court - William Walker Thomas Scrivenor Thomas Eaves - -[Lee. Per.]

ABOVE REFERRED TO.

House, Garden, and Pleck House, Garden, and Pleck House, Garden, and Pleck House, Garden, and Pleck House and Garden -

House and Garden -

House, Garden, and Pleck House and Garden House and Garden House, Garden, and Pleck House and Garden -

House, Garden, and Pleck House, Garden, and Pleck House and Garden -

House, Garden, and Pleck House, Garden, and Pleck House, Garden, and Pleck House, Garden, and Pleck House and Garden House, Garden, and Pleck House, Garden, and Pleck House, Garden, and Pleck House, Garden, and Pleck House, Garden, and Pleck House and Garden -

House and Garden -

House, Garden, and Pleck House, Garden, and Pleck House, Garden, and Pleck T t

£ /. d.

- 3

- 5 —

- 2 6

- i 6

- 2 6

- 2 6

- 6

- 6

- 6

- 6

- 6

- 6

- 6

Thomas

42° Thomas Hands - GEORGII III. Cap. - House, Garden, and Pleck IX. £ d.

John Scrivenor - - House, Garden, and Pleck ~ 2 —

Timothy Corbett - House and Garden ... . — 1 —

Samuel Butler - - House, Garden, and Pleck - — — 6

John Moore - House, Garden, and Pleck - 1 —

Thomas Eaves - - House, Garden, and Pleck I

Widow Tidman - House, Garden, and Pleck - — 16

Richard Harris - - House, Garden, and Pleck - — 5

Thomas Lowe - - House and Garden ... - _ 1 —

Joseph Monton - - House and Garden - n — 1 —

2 12 6

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

* x*hhk*

Cap. 12.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Wiltnjlow Bridge, in Wilmslow, in the County of Chester, through Nether Alderly and the Town of Cfmgleton, to or near the Red Bull in Church Law-ton, in the said County.

[24th March 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Wilmslow 21 Geo. 3. Bridge, in Wilmslow, in the County of Chester, through Nether Alderly and the Town of Congleton, to or near the Red Bull in Church Lawton, in the said County: And whereas the Tru flees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which are still due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can 'he said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, and the Tolls granted by the said Act increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted,

[Lee. b5 Per.] U u and

170

Act further continued.

Additional Trustees.

No Tru fleet

to act where interested.

Additional Tolls to be taken.

4.20 GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions. Matters, and Things, therein contained (excepc such as relate to Exempnons from Stamp Duties), and also such as are hereby varied or repealed), shall be and continue in full Force and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose, from Time to Time, of repairing, widening, turning, altering, and improving the said Road in the said recited Act mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Act, and the Powers, Authorities, Provifi ms. Matters, and Things therein contained, were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Provisions, Amendments, and Alterations herein contained, and which shall commence and take Efivft from the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due on the Credit or on Account of the said recited Act, or which shall be borrowed for the Use of the Lid Road on the Credit of the said Act and this Act, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively, subj ft nevertheless as aforesaid to the Provisions herein-after contained in that Respect.

II. And be it further enacted, That Philip Antrobus, Walter Booth, George Birch Clerk, Thomas Birtles the younger, David Davis Doctor in Divinity, John Darcey Clerk, William Done, Francis Cutts, John Eaton,

Heplinjlal Clerk, Jeffrey Gaily, William Lowndes, John Marfden Jodrell, Edmund Jodrell, Richard Keymer, John Leigh, Peter Leigh, James Pattison, John Smith, John Manwaring Uniacke, Henry Whitji Id, Lancaster Wetenhall Clerk, Charles Henry Johnson, and John Tvofs the younger, shall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Act, for putting the fame and this Act in Execution, in such Manner as in the said recited Act and this Act are mentioned, directed, and prescribed; and the Trustees hertin nominated, and their Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Act, are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been nominated and appointed Trustees in and by the said recited Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Trustee in any Case where he shall be personally interested, but every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as the Penalties in the said Act are thereby directed to be applied.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any Time or Times hereafter, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, (of which, and of the Intent thereof. Fourteen Days Notice in Writing shall be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then erected upon or on the Sides of the said Road), to direct and order any additional Tolls to be demanded and taken for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, drawing any Coach, Chariot, or

other

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 12. 171

other Carriage, passing along the fame Road, not exceeding double the Tolls directed by the said Act to be taken for every such Hors-, Mare,

Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, and from Time to Time (on giving such Notice as aforesaid) to reduce, alter, or take away any such additional 1'olls as they shall think proper; and such additional Tolls, so to be demanded and taken as aforesaid, shall and may be demanded, recovered, levied, assigned, and managed, in Manner directed by the said recired Act with rdpeetto the Tolls thereby granted, and shall be applied in executing the said Act and this Act, and to and for no other Ule or Purpose whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Waggons, Wains, Carts, or Certain Regu-other Carriages, passing upon the said Road, or by any Weighing Engine to'waggons, now erected or hereafter to be erected thereon, by the said Trustees, or ftc. with any other Person or Persons, or within Eight hundred Yards thereof, the rolhog'a'fat Wheels whereof shall not roll a flat or level Surface, or a Surface so flat or Surface, level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat or level Surface,

shall be deemed and considered as Carriages on Wheels rolling a Surface ,of less than Six Inches, and be liable to be weighed at any of such Weighing Engines as any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carnage, on Wheels rolling a Surface of less than Six Inches, is now by Law liable to be weighed there, and shall pay the fame Tolls at the said Gates or Turnpikes and Weighing Engines, as such Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other Carriages, on Wheels rolling a Surface of less than Six Inches, are now subject and liable to pay.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Truf- Trustees m»y tees, or any Five or more of them, upon the Death, Neglect, Refufd, porary'cou" or Incapacity to act of any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, authorized Ufiors.

by the said recited Act and this Act to be taken on the said Road, to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person in his Place, until the next Meeting of the said Trustees, which Person so to be nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the same Manner in all Respects as the Person in whose Place he shall be so appointed; and that if any Collector or Receiver, who shall bedischarged con-peliing from his Office by the said Trustees, or any Lessee, Farmer, or Renter c"|l?t2!rs of the said Tolls, whose Lea(e or Term therein shall have been forfeited or deliver p"" shall be expired, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of the House, feiiior. of Toll Buildings, and Appurtenances, within Seven Days after Notice in Writing 1 oU e’’ >u‘ under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, given to him or her, or left at the Toll House then in his or her Holding or Puffession; or if the Wife or Family of any such Collector or Receiver,

Lessee, Farmer, or Renter, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of such House, Buildings, and Appurtenances as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offender shall live or reside, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House and Premises in the Day Time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods, out of the fame, and to put the new appointed Officer, Lessee, Farmer, or Renter of the said Tolls, into the Possession thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall J’ewltjr on_ lide oh Horseback on any of the Footpaths or causeways, upon or by on the Foot"*’

3 the R»ths.

172 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

the Sides of the said Road, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor Id's than Ten Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go and be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as other Penalties are by the said recited Act directed to be applied.

VIII. And whereas the said Trustees have found it very inconvenient to make and maintain so much of the Road comprized in the said Act as leads from IVilmJlow Bridge, in Wtlm/low aforesaid, to Church Lawton aforesaid, in the old Line thereof, by reason of that Part thereof which partes by or near IVilmJlov) Church-yard, being too narrow and incapable of being widened, the said Ti uitees have made a new Road, and built a Bridge across the River Bollen, at or near a certain Corn Mill called l'he Wiltnflaw Corn Mill, in IVilmJlow aforesaid, to communicate with the other Parts of the said Road, pursuant to the Authority vested in them by the said re-the new Line cited Act , be it therefore further enacted, That the new Line of Road, the Turnpike f° made by the said Trustees, shall be and is hereby declared to be Part Road. of the said Turnpike Road, within the Intent and Meaning of this and the said recited Act, and shall be maintained and repaired by the said Trustees accordingly.

Application of

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Money wher" awar£kd to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments pur-amounting to chafed, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act *eo/* and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corpo-

ration, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or Other Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled, to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner at the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditament;, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall beexisting untleternjined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per

Centum

Trustees haring erected a Bridge and altered the Road

42° GEORGII III. Gap. 12. J73

Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annui- ties and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes afarcsaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity, as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, jhen and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application where the Com pen fat ion Money shall be less than *00 /. and exceed ao /.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less Mon'y^l«fs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied than *o/. to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and Ex- For defraying pences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid and discharged by the Trustees for putting the said recited Act and this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, out of any Money which hath already arilen by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of the First Money which shall arise by virtue thereof and of this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, Publick Act< and taken to be a publick Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as \Loc. id Perj} X x inch,

*74

Commencement and Term of the Act.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without spe-dally pleading the lame.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said recited Act shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said recited Act (subject to the Alterations and Additions herein contained), and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in Force, and be executed, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act to enlarge the Powers and explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the Par if) of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for better ejilightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes., Passages, and Courts there, and regulating the Nightly TVatch and Bedels within the said Parish; and for paving, repairing, and regulating certain Footways, Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places in the said Parish; and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of *»Gco. i.

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the better repairing the Highways and cleansing the Streets

within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts there, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within

Cap. 13.

[24th March 1802.]

[Ler. fc? Per.2

Ty

the

178

Powers of the former Act extended to this Act.

Directing the Manner how new Tiuflees shall be appointed.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

the said Parish: And whereas the Rates by the said Act authorized to be raised, have been found inadequate to the Purposes for which they were intended: And wheieas by the said Act, only certain Roads within the said Parish can be repaired, and no Power is thereby given to repair and regulate the other Highways, Roads, Streets, Railages, and Places in the said Parish; and there having been a very considerable Number of Houses and Buildings of late Years eroded and built within the said Parish, and many new Streets made and formed therein, it would be of publick Utility and Convenience to have and place certain Footways, and che several Squares, Streets, Highways, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the said Parish (which are not included in any Turnpike or Paving Acts), under the Direction of the Trustees to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or to be thereby authorized to carry the said recited Act and this Act into Execution; and that the Lid Trustees should be empowered to cause such Part or Parts thereof, as they may think necessary, to be paved, repaired, and regulated, and to prevenc Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein for the future: And whereas the said former Act hath in many other Respects been found ineffectual and insufficient to answer the Purpose thereby intended; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Claui'es, Matters, and Things whatsoever contained in the said recited Act, except such or so much thereof as shall be repealed, varied, altered, or rendered unnecessary by this Act, shall be extended to this Act, and be deemed as Part thereof, and shall operate and be in full force in respect to this Act, and all the Purposes thereof, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein repeated and Specially enacted; and that all the Trustees appointed or to be appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Act, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees to put the said recited Act and this Act in Execution; and this Act, and all the Powers, Authorities, Regulations, and Provisions herein contained, shall commence and take tiled upon the said Twenty fourth Day of June One theuiand eight hundred and two, and be thenceforth executed together with the said former Act, for the several Purposes therein and herein respectively contained.

II. And whereas the Trustees elected and appointed in pursuance of the said recited Act, amount to Seventy-two in Number: And whereas the Whole of the said Parish consists of, or is commonly divided into, the following Dillridsor Liberties; that is to say, OneDiftrider Liberty called Church End, a Second Dillrid or Liberty called Hsxton, a Third District or Liberty called Moorfields, and a Fourth Dillrid or Liberty called Holly well Street: And whereas by the said recited Act, in case of the Death, Removal out of the said Parish, or Refusal to ad, of any of the said Trustees, other fit Persons, qualified according to tile said recited Act, may be elected and appointed indiscriminately from among the Inhabitants of any of the said Districts or Liberties, in the Place and Stead of such Trustees as shall so die, remove, or refuse to ad , but it would be expedient to have Eighteen of the said Trustees elected and appointed

from

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 179

from among the Inhabitants of each of the said Distri&s or Liberties respectively; and it is expedient that such Mode of Election should be elta-blished , be it therefore further enacted, That after the patting of this Act, when and as often as it shall be necessary, according to the said recited Act, that any new Trustee or Trustees should be cleded and appointed, the lame shall be so elected and appointed in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, as that the Number of Trustees elected and appointed from among the Inhabitants of each of the said Diitrids or Liberties respectively, may amount to Eighteen in Number and no more; and that when and as otten as any Person having been so appointed shall, by Death or otherwise, ceale to be a Trustee, another fit Person shall be elected and appointed a Trustee in his Place and Stead, from among the Inhabitants of the District or Liberty of which the said Person so cealing to be a Trustee was an Inhabitant.

III. And be it further rnaded. That the said Trustees, or any Nine or Trustees may more of them, shall and may from Time to Time, as they shall see Oc- If'^and Foot-casion, cause all or any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, vtuys.

Alleys, Paffaaes, and Places, or any Part or Parts thereof within the said Parish, whether Foot or Carriage Ways, and not included in any other Paving or Turnpike Ad, to be new paved or repaired in such Manner as they shall think proper; and to repair and keep in Repair all the Highways,

P.tffage?, and Places within the said Parish, which shall not be paved by virtue of this Act. with Ballad or Grave]; and slfo shall and may from Time to Time, cause the fevetai Footways of the Road or Street called Hcxton Town, and the Footways of the Road called Old Street Road, The Curtain Road, and kVor/hip Street, within the said Parish, and the Footways of Kingsland Road from the House known by the Sign of the Cherry Tree, extending Northward as far as the Houses and Buildings are or shall or may hereafter be in Continuity, and such Parts of the Footway of the Road called Hackney Road as are within the said Parish, and lie in front and adjoining to Dwelling Houses and Buildings there, to be paved or repaired as they the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall think proper; and for such Purposes may from Time to Time cause to be dug, carted, and carried away out of or brought into the fame, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, or into any convenient Place or Places near or adjoining thereto, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials as they shall judge necessary, and may likewise cause the Ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the Course of the Channels running in or through the lame to be turned or altered, and the Water Pipes which now are laid or hereafter shall be laid under Ground to be taken up and new laid in such Places,

Manner, and Form, as they shall think proper; and shall and may cause all or any Ports, Rails, Fences, or other Bats in any such Squares, Streets,

Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Passages, or PI ces, as they shall judge useless or to be a Nuisance or Olstruction either to Foot PatTl-ngrrs, or to Horses or Carriages, to be taken away, removed, or altered, as they shall think fit; and likewise, to raule all Steps or Slopes, Bulks, Stalls, Dung Holes,

Saw Pits, Show Glades, Show Boards, and all other Matters and Things encroaching upon or projecting over or into the Footway, as also all Steps and Doors opening or leading from the Footway or Carriage Way into Houses, Vaults, Cellars, Warehouses, or other Buildings or Piac.es, to be removed, filled up, or altered, as they the said Trustees, or any Nine or mere of them, shall judge necessary and expedient; and may employ such

Surveyors,

i8o 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

Surveyors, Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, and others, and may'I (Tue Money for the above Purposes, and may do all and every such Acts and Things for accomplishing the aforesaid Ends and Designs, as they shall think necessary, and shall pay for the fame out of the Monies arising by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act; and all and every such Surveyor and Surveyors, Artificers, Workmen, and others so employed and acting under the Direction of the said Trustees, are and is hereby indemnified for what they or he shall do or cause to be done respecting the Matters aforesaid.

Penalty on

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Workmen? obstruct, hinder, or moled any Surveyor, Officer, Workman, or other Person or Persons whomsoever employed by virtue of the said redted Act or this Act, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor iefs than Five Shillings.

t'ri'if'the" a1' V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall alter. For"? of or cause to be altered, the Form of any Pavement which shall be new

without'ci maae or repaired by virtue of this Act, without the Consent of the said

fentofTiuf- Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, or put up any Pod or Pods,

tee5- Step or Steps, or erect any Bulk or Bulks, or Stall or Stalls, or place any

Show Glass or Show Boards, or make any Dung Hole or Saw Pit, or do any other Matrer or Thing which may occasion any Incroachment, Nui-fance, or Annoyance therein or thereupon, every such Person (o offending dial), for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, ner lcls than Forty Shillings; over and ab:>ve the Expences of relaying and reindating such Pavement, and taking down such Pods, Bulks, or Stalls, and removing or altering such Show Boards, or Show Glafies,' or filling up such Dung Holes or Saw Pits, or removing any other Incroachment, Nuisance, Annoyance, or Obstruction therein or thereupon, according to the Direction of the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them.

Notice to be

VI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Part of ing'up°Pnve-" the Pavement of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Pad ages, or Footways, merits for re. or the Ground in any Road or Highway within the said Parish, shall be Vat?l"SDiain taken UP for the Purpose of making, repairing, altering, cleansing, or Vi- ’ ’ emptying, any Sewer, Vault, or Drain, cr of laying, altering, or amend-

ing any Water Pipe or Plug, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, the Person or Persons so taking up such Pavement or Ground, shall immediately give Notice thereof to the Surveyor to the said Trustees for putting the said recited Act and this Act in Execution, in order that the fame may with all convenient Speed be laid down and repaired under the In-speftion of the said Surveyor; and the Charges and Expences thereof, and of all Gravel and Ballad to be ul'ed in such Road or Highway, shall be paid by the Person or Persons, Company or Companies of Water Works, or Commissioners of Sewers, who shall take, or cause or procure to te taken up the said Pavement or Ground, or any Part or Parts thereof.

Trustees may

Coir? ani*'for VII. Prov*ded always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Iaw-

1 1I1 ing such ful for the said Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, or any Nine

Favement. 2 or

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 181

or more of them, from Time to Time, to compound and agree with the said Companies and Commissioners of Sewers, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons respectively, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or other Measure as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in Lieu and in Stead of laying down or repairing such Pavement and Ground as shall be necessarily taken up for any of the Purposes aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person or Persons, On Refufat of Company or Companies of Water Works, or Commissioners of Sewers Jheftfement respectively, shall neglect or refuse to make good such Pavement or Ground and Payment, within Two Days next after Notice thereof in Writing shall be left by the ^'aA^'Ion Surveyor appointed or to be appointed by the said Trustees, at the Dwel- brought, ling House or last Place of Abode of any such Person or Persons, or of the Secretary or Secretaries, Clerk or Clerks of such Company or Companies of Water Works, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively, then the said Trustees shall be at Liberty to cause the same to be done, and to deliver a Bill containing an Account of the Expence thereof j and in case such Person or Persons, Company or Companies of W.uer Works, or Commissioners of Sewers, shall neglect to pay the fame for Five Days after Notice thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money respectively; and in case any such Person or Persons hereby directed to give such Notice to the Surveyor to the Trustees for putting the said recited Act and this Act in Execution as is before directed, shall neglect lo to do for the Space of Twenty-four Hours after such Pavement or Ground shall be so taker? up, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence', forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

IX. And whereas the Pavement in the said several Squares, Streets, Paying for Footways, and Places authorized to be paved or repaired by virtue Dimage done of this Act, and the Ground in the Roads and Highways within by the bu'ft- the said Parish, may be frequently broken up or damaged by the burst- >ng of sewers ing and overflowing of Sewers, or by the breaking and bursting of p^ater any Water Pipe or Pipes, or otherwise; be it therefore further enacted,

That to defray the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending or incident to the repairing or making good the Pavement of the Squares, Streets,

Lanes, and Places authorized to be paved by virtue of this Act, and repairing the Ground in such Roads and Highways, the Person or Persons causing or occasioning the said Pavements, Roads, or Highways, or any Part thereof, to be broke or damaged, shall stand Debtor upon an implied Promile to the said Trustees or their Paviour or Surveyor, for such Repair, as for Work and Labour done and Materials found for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the said Trustees, or their Paviour or Surveyor, upon Non-payment thereof, may, are, and is hereby authorized and empowered, to commence and prosecute One or more Action or Actions, Suit or Suits against such Person or Persons, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or where the Debt shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings, and be under Five Pounds in the Court of Record within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and the Hamlets and Liberties of the fame; or where any Debt shall be under Forty Shillings, by any Suit in the Court of Requests for the Tower Hamlets within the said County of Middlesex, or in any [Lfr. Per.'] Z z other

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

other Courts of Requests within the Jurisdiction of which fitch Person or Persons shall reside, wherein he and they shall recover a reasonable Satisfaction for such Work and Labour and Materials, together with Costs of Suit-, but where the Commissioners/ of Sewers, Companies of Water Works, or other Person or Persons occafiun such Damage to the said Pavement, Roads, or Highways, that then the respective Treassurers of such Commissioners of Sewers or Companies of Water Works, shall stand Debtors for such Repairs upon an implied Promise to the said Trustees, or their Paviour or Surveyor, who is and are hereby authorized to commence such Action, Suit, or Proceeding as aforesaid, against any such Treasurer, wherein he or they shall recover a reasonable Satisfaction for such Work, Labour, and Materials, together with full Costs of Suit; and such Treasurers respectively is and are hereby authorized and allowed to take Credit in his or their Accounts, for the Monies he or they shall pay or di(burse on Account of any such Repair.

Nuiian-esb -^n£* be it further enacted, That when any private Drain, Vault,

private Drams Sewer, or Cess Pool shall fall in or become ruinous or choaked tip so as or Eels Pools, to act'eft or injure the Pavements of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Footways, and Places authorized to be paved or repaired by virtue of this Act, or any Road or Highway therein, or any of them, or shall become offensive to the Inhabitants thereof, the Occupier or Occupiers of the several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements which ft.all or may have the Use of such Drains, Vaults, Cess Pools, or Sewers, shall, within Seven Days after Notice delivered or left for him, her, or them, at the said several Messuages or Dwelling Houses of such Occupier or Occupiers, from the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Paviour, proceed to and with all convenient Speed effectually cleanse, repair, and amend such Sewer, Vault, Drain, or Cess Pool, or in Default thereof it shall be lawful . the said Trustees or their Surveyor, to cause the same to be clone; and the Charges and Expences thereof, and of repairing the Pavements damaged thereby, shall stand charged on the said several MdTuages. L-mds, and Tenements, and be paid by the said respective Occupier or Occupiers thereof, according co their respective Rights and Interests thereto, and the Quota or Share each Party shall pay of such Charges and Exuerces shall be ascertained, proportioned, and assessed by the Award or Aroitrr-ment of the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them; and in cate Default shall be made in Payment of any of the said Proportions of the said Charges, tire fame shall be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Occupier and Occupiers of any or either of the Messuages, Lands, or Tenements which shall be charged by such Award with the Payment thereof, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them; or the said Trustees may, at their Election, prosecute One or more Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, in any or either of such Courts as aforesaid, against the said respective Proprietors or Owners of any of the ("aid several Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, of which there shall be no Occupier or Occupiers for their said respective Proportions of the said Charges.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if for the Purposes of this Act, it shall at any Time be found needfary to raise, fink, or otherwise alter the Situation or Postion of any of the Pipes or Plugs laid down or placed by the said Companies, or any of the leaden Pipes, which the said Trustees,

or

Trustees to pay Tor altering Pi|>es f>r the Purposes of this Att,

182

To prevent

iS3

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

or any Nine or more of them, are hereby empowered to cause to be done as often and in such Places as they shall think proper, the same shall be paid for out of the Monies arising by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, and shall be done with as little Detriment or Inconvenience to the said Company or Companies, or other Persons, as the Circumflancts of the Cafe will admit of.

XII. And be it further enacted, That when arid so often as it shall hap- Water5 of pen that any Pipe or Pipes belonging to any Water Company, shall break pipes break, orburit in any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys,

Passages, Footways, Roads, Highways, and Places, paved or repaired by \vater coro-virtue of this or the said recited Act, the Surveyor to the said Trustees, or Panies-such other Person as they shall appoint for that Purpose, may and shall giv e immediate Notice thereof to the Paviour to the Water Company, to whom he apprehends such Pipe or Pipes does or do belong, and require him to take up the Pavement, and open the Ground at or near the Place where the Water issues, by reason of such Pipe or Pipes breaking or burlting, within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice given to such Paviour, or left at his lad or usual Place of Abode; and if upon taking up of the Pavement, and opening the Ground, it shall appear that the Pipe or Pipes so broken or burd doth not or do not belong to the Water Company whose Paviour shall have taken up such Pavement, and opened such Ground, then and in such Case the Surveyor or Surveyors so authorized as aforesaid, shall give immediate Notice to the Paviour of that Company to whom it shall appear that the said Pipe or Pipes doth or do belong, inch Notice to be given or left with such Paviour, or at his lad or usual Phce of Abode; and the Paviour of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong, is hereby required to repair the fame, and fill in and ram down the Ground, within Twenty-four Hours after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, and also within Two Days after such Pipe or Pipes shall be repaired, and the Ground filled in, to give Notice to the Paviour or Paviours contracting with the said Trustees, or to the Surveyor or other Person as aforesaid, of such Pipe or Pipes being repaired, and such Ground being filled in, such Notice to be given to such Contractor,

Surveyor, or other Person, or left at his or their lad or usual Place of Abode; and in case it shall happen that the Paviour who fird receives such Notice, shall take up such Pavement, and open such Ground, and it shall then be discovered that the Pipe or Pipes burd or broken doth not or do not belong to the Company to whom he is Paviour, then and in such Case, the Paviour of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes doth or do belong, shall make Satisfaction to the Paviour who so took up such Pavement and opened such Ground, for such Workand in case the Paviour to whom such Notice shall be so given to take up such Pavement, and open such Ground, shall neglect or refuse to do the fame within the said Twenty-four Hours after Notice given, every such Paviour shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in cale the Paviour of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes so broken or burd shall belong, shall neglect or refuse to repair and amend the fame, and fill in and ram down the Ground so taken up, for the Space of Two Days next alter such Notice given, or shall neglect to give Notice to the Paviour or Paviours contracting with, or the Surveyor to the said Trustees, or to such other Person as aforesaid, such Paviour shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding

Forty

184 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

Forty Shillings; and if any Person or Persons contracting with the said Trustees to relay such Pavements so broken or taken up for any the Reasons aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to lay such Pavement in a good, sufficient, and effectual Manner, within Two Days after Notice given to him or them, or if the Surveyor or other Person to whom such Notice shall be given, shall neglect to acquaint the Contractor of such Notice, then and in every such Case the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Paviours and T urncocks to give Notice of their Place of Abode.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Paviours and Turncocks of the said several and respective Water Companies shall, and they are hereby required, within the Space of Twenty-one Days next after the Commencement of this Act, or within the Space of Seven Days next after he or they shall be appointed Paviour or Paviours, Turncock or Turncocks to such Company or Companies, give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being to the said Trustees for putting the said recited Act and this Act in Execution, which Notice shall contain the Name and Place of Abode of such Paviour or Turncock, as also to what Company he is a Paviour or Turncock, and in what District he has the Care of such Company or Companies Pipes; and in like Manner the Surveyor or Surveyors to such Trustees for the Time being shall within the respective Times aforesaid give Notice to the respective Paviours and Turncocks of the said several Companies of his or their own Piace or Places of Abode, and also to the Surveyor or Surveyors to tire Commissioners of Sewers, of the Names and Places of Abode of such Contractor or Contractors, and of the Paviour or Paviours employed by such Tiultees; and every Person or Persons neglecting or refuting to give such Notice as aforesaid, within the Time bclore respectively specified for that Purpose, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings.

TrulteMmay

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to ove'/sewer'r anc* for Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to

to be aliercJ. Time to direct the Grates already or hereafter to be placed over any Sewers, to be removed or replaced in such Manner and at and to such Place and Places as they shall think most proper, so as the fame be not detrimental or prejudicial to the publick Sewers, and be from Time to Time done at the Expence of the said Trustees, and paid for out of the Muney arising by virtue of this or the said former Act; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notsvithstanding.

Power to arch

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the oraher'sew Trustees, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to cause all or any

ers or Drains, Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, which shall lie and be near the said and to build Pavements or other Works which shall belong thereto, to be filled or stop-be vetted m ped up, arched over, widened, or other wise altered, as they shall think f.onm"T'f' necesfjry ^or making and completing the fame Pavements and other Works, 4>cwcr*.° so as they the said Trustees do and shall previous to their flopping up the fame, make and build, and they are hereby authorized and required to make and build, in lieu of the said Sewers and Drains so to be filled and

flopped up, other good Sewers and Drains of sufficient Depth and Width for carrying off the Waters from the Premises adjoining or near 10 the said Works, and as serviceable and convenient in all Respects as the Sewers

or

IS5

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

or Drains so to be filled up; and so that all such widening, altering, and building such Sewers and Drains by them as aforesaid, shall be done under the immediate Direction and Inspection of His Majesty’.s Justices and Commissioners of Sewers for the Dtvision of Il.lborn and Fiisbury, the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, and the Liberty of Norton Fa,'gate, and the Borders and Confines of the fame, or their Surveyor or Agents for the Time being, to whom the Laid Trustees shall give Ten Days Notice before they shall begin to do the fame, such Powers and Authorities only to continue during their actually carrying on such Works, and not after or longer; and all such new Sewers or Drains as shall be so made, shall im-, mediately on their being made, become vested in, and be and remain under the immediate Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners of Sewers, who shall have and exercise the Powers and Authorities already vested in them as Commissioners upon and over the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Nine Trustees may or more of them, may and they are hereby author zed and empowered, contract for from Time to Time to contract in Writing with any Person or Persons a""°'

for paving or keeping in Repair any such Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts,

Yards, Alleys, Footways, Passages, and Places as shall be appointed to be paved or repaired by virtue of this Act, or may cause the fame or any Parc or Parts thereof to be so paved or repaired under their own Direction; which Contract shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kepe for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees; but previous to the making any such Contract, Fourteen Days Notice at least shall be given in the Parish Church of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, and also advertised Three Times at least in some publick Newspaper circulated within the said Parish, expressing the Intention of entering into every such Contract.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all P.rfons inhabiting any of Footways to the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Footways, Paf- befwept* sages, and Places within the said Parish, shall sweep, ferape, and clean the Footway before their respective Houses and Buildings, or cause the fame

to be done, every Day between the Hours of Six and Nine in the Morning (Sundays exceptedj, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Neglect the Sum of Five Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Property of the present Property of and future Pavements, Ports, Bars, Steps, and other Materials of the ^'veftea’in Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Footways, Passages, and Trustees. Places, which shall be paved or repaired by virtue of this Act, and of all Utensils and Things which shall be provided at the Expence of the said Trustees, and made Use of for any of the Purposes of this Act, shall be

and the fame is and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, any Action or Actions, or to prefer, order, and direct the preferring of Indidmenrs against any Person or Persons who shall injure or destroy, steal, take, or carry away any or any Part thereof 5 or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or m.ilicioufty break up or otherwise damage or spoil any of the Works done or carrying on in pursuance of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, every Person lo offending therein respectively, and being thereof convicted on the Oath cf a Witness < r Witnesses before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for [Loc. (tj Per.] 3 A the

i86

Materials not used may be difp^fed of.

New Streets may be paved by the Trustees upon Application ot Two Thirds of the Owners or Propiie-tors

such Streets may then be comprehended.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

the County of Midd'efex, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied and recovered by Distrel's and Sale of the Goods ana Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and S als of the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made, which forfeiture shall be applied to the respective Pur poles of the said recited Act and this Act and in case the Person or Persons so offending and convicted shall have no Goods or Chattels, or none can be found whereon the fame may be levied, then and in such Case such Justice or Justices shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, commit such Person or Persons respectively to the House of Correction for the County of Middlesex, there to remain for any Space nor exceeding Six Weeks, nor iefs than Fourteen Days, and the Person or Pets ns so committed shall not be discharged until he, she, or they shall have paid such Penalty, or until the Expiration of the Time for which he, (lie, or they shall have been so committed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may, and they are hereby authorized ai d empowered to sell and dispose of all Stones and Polls, and all or any of the M terials which shall belong to the old Pavement, as well of the Carriage as of the Footways to be paved or repaired by virtue of this Act, and to apply the Purchase Money arising by such Sale to the respective Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act; or the said Trustees may cauie the fame Stones, Polls, or other Materials to be made Use of and worked up for the Use of any of the Places required to be paved or repaired under and by virtue of this Act, as they may think fit-, provided that no such Stones or Materials be disposed of unless by publick Sale or Auction.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafterTwoTbirds or more in Number, or Two Thirds or more in Value of the Owners or Proprietors cf Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within any new-built Square, Street, Lane, Alley, Passage, or Place, within the said Parish of Saint Leonard Shoredtcb, shall be desirous to have the fame paved or repaired, and cleared of Incroachments, Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances, and shall by Writing under their Hands, signify such their Delire to the said Trustees, and the said Trustees, or any N ne or more of them, present at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice shall be given as aforesaid, shall approve thereof, that then it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause the same to be done; and the Pavement of the said mw-built Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Places, comprehended in such Lftire in Writing, shall, after an Order made by the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, for the Purposes aforesaid, be from thenceforth vested in the said Trustees; and such Square, Street, Lane, Alley, Passage, or Place, shall remain under the fame Government, Direction, and Management of them and the Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, as the said several other Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, Passages, and Places authorized to be paved or repaired; and the said Trustees, Officers, Workmen, Servants, and other Persons acting under them, shall have the fame Power and Authority in, over, and through such ne. built Square, Street, Lane, Alley, Passage, or Place, applied for as aforesaid, and over the several Inhabitants, Landlords, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof,

7 Com-

187

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politick and Corporate, and their Officers, Servants, and Workmen, and ail and every other Person or Persons whatsoever interested in or entitled to any Privilege therein, and evety Matter and Thing relating to the Premises, as the said Trustees and their Officers, Servants, and Workmen acting under them, are inverted with under this Act, for the better Management, orderinsr, regulating, and rendering more commodious, the several Squares, Streets,' Lanes, Courts;,

Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places hereby authorized to be paved qr repaired; and every Clause, Matter, or Thing contained in this Act, shall be construed, adjudged, deemed, and taken to exrend to every such neyv-builc Square, Streer, Lane, Alley, Passage, or Place applied for as aforesaid.

XXI. And whereas by the said recited Act the said Trustees are em- For repelling powered, for the Purposes of the said Act, to make a Kate or Afftflrnent {th*tj"rmer upon the Tenants and Occupiers of any Lands, Messuages, Houses, Warehouses, and other Buildings and Tenements within the said Parish,

not exceeding the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence in the Pound, for the first Three Years after the Commencement of the said Act, and not exceeding One Shilling and Two-pence in the Pound in each succeeding Year: And whereas the Monies which have been from Time to Time raised under and by virtue of the said Assessments have been found infus-fieient to answer and defray the necessary Charges and Expences attending the due Execution of the said Act; be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as empowers and directs the said Trustees to make such Rate or Assessment in Manner therein mentioned, shall, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and rfter the Twenty- The Trustees fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, the said Truf-

tees, or any Nine or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby cleansing, authorized and empowered, for the Purposes of defraying the Charges *nd

and Expences of cleansing the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alievs,

Yards, Passage', and open Places within the said Parish, and for buying, fetiing up, maintaining, and repairing the Lamps, and keeping and maintaining the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the said Parish, Once in every Year, or oltener if they shall think proper, to make a Rate or Rates, Afieffmenc or Assessments, upon all and every the Tenants and Occupiers of any Land, Messuage, House, Shop, Warel.ouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament within the said Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch-, so as such Rate or Rates,

Assessment or Assessments, do not in the Whole exceed the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound in any One Year, according to the yearly Rent or yearly Value of such Lands, Messuages, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coachhouses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively; and so in Proportion for any less Time than a Year.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Trustees to Trustees shall have caused any of the Squares, Street5, Lines, Courts, knee*R"* Yaids, Alleys, Footways, Passages, and Places, authorized to be paved or ing Street*!" repaired by virtue of this Act, or any Parc or Parts thereof respectively,

to

188 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

to be new paved, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any

Nine or more of them, as soon as conveniently may be. Once or oftener in every Year if Occasion shall require, to make an additional Kale or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, upon all and every Tenants and Occupiers of any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, *> Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within such Sq uarts. Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places respectively, as far as such Pavement shall extend; f as such additional Rare or Rates, Affrffment or Assessments, do not exceed the Sum of One Shlling and Sixpence in the Pound in any One Year, according to the yearly Rent or yearly Value of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Wateiioufcs, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, and so in Proportion for any leis Time than a Year:

R«n lo^Foot- f>rov'ded always, that where any of the Footways only shall be new paved or repaired by the said Trustees, by virtue of this Act, the Rate or Rates, Assess.nent or Assessments, to be made for and in respect to such Pavement of the Footways only, shall not exceed One Half of the additional Kate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, last htrein-before dnected to be made for paving any of the Squares, Strtets, Lanes, Courts, Yaids, Alleys, Paflaues, and Places aforesaid , any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Rate for re-

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-waysfro'61' f°llrI;h Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more 01 them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, for the Furpoles o( repairing and keeping in Repair all and every the Highways, Footways, and Pd(T’ges, in the said Parish (which are not inciudtd in any Turnpike or Paving Act or Acts), Once in every Year, or oftener if they shall think proper, to make a Rate or Rates, AlldTment or Aircflfnents, upon all and every Tenants and Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds within the said Parish, or any House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or hereditament, in any Lane, Pass.ige, or Highway, in the said Parish (which shall not be affeifed by virtue of this Act to the Rate herein directed to be made for pav.ng, nor be included within any other Paving Act or Acts); so as such Kate or Rates, AffrlT-ment or Assessments, do not in the Whole exceed the Sum of Threepence in the Pound in any One Year, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Lands or Grounds, Houses, Sh ps, Warehouses, Coach-houses. Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditament'.

Houses let out

XXV. And whereas many Houses within the said Squares, Streets, how !SuCntS Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, are by the several rated. Owners and Proprietors thereof, let out in Lodgings or Tenements to

divers Tenants, or let at or under or after the Rate of Eight Pounds by the Year, or in Proportion for any less Time than a Year, to One or more Tenant or Tenants, whereby it will be difficult to rate the fame, or to recover such Rates and Assessments when made; for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time, and at all Times, to rate and assess the Owner or Owners, Lessee or Leffces of such Houses or Tenements as shall be let to or occupied by Two or more Tenants, or let

at

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 189

at, or under, or after the Kate of Fight Pounds by the Year, or in Proportion for any less Time than a Year, to One or more Tenant or Tenants, which Rate and Assessment shall be paid by One or more of the Tenants or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such Houses or Tenements; and in case any Occupier or Occupiers of any Parc of such Houses or Tenements shall refuse to pay the fame, then the said Rate or Assessment shall be lev ied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of him, her, or them so refuting to pay the fame, or of any other Goods or Chattels on the Premises; and such Occupier or Occupiers of such Houses and Tenements respectively is and are hereby required and authorized to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so rated or a defied on the Owner or Owners of such Houses in ptirfuance of this Act, and to deduct the lame out of their Rent, and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof are hereby required to allow such Deduction* and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of their Rents; and every such Tenant paying such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Afliff.nents, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from so much Money as the said Rate or Races, Assessment or Assessments shall amount unto, as if the fame had been actually paid to such Person or Persons to whom his, her, or their Rents would have been or shall be due and payable; and in Default of Payment of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, the same shall be and remain a Charge upon the said Premises, and shall and may be recovered of and from the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in any Court for the Recovery of small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, to be commenced and prosecuted by the said Trustees in the Name of their Treasurer, Clerk, or Collector for the Time being, in which Action or Suit no Protection or Efibign, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed,

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies raised or collected Monies vefed by virtue or by means or under the Authority of the said former Act or m lrulieef’ this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees,

and shall be applied to the several and respective Purposes of the said former Act and this Act, for which they are hereby authorized to be raised, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Power to corn-may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Nine or mere of them, from pound'

Time to Time to compound with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any such divided Eloufes or Tenements, for the Rate by

this Act authorized to be paid upon such divided Houses or Tenements; so as in such Composition there be not remitted to any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, more than One Half of the Rate or Assessment by this Act laid upon such Houses or Tenements respectively.

XXVIII. And, forasmuch as it is reasonable that ail publick Buildings PubUckBuild-and all dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground should be rated and |neSr’attd' r°

a defied in a due Proportion towards the paving and repairing to be done by virtue of this Act, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, at their Discretion, and they are hereby required from Time to Time to rate and assess for the \_Lcc. & Per.1} 3 B Purposes

190

Vacant Crown 1 how to be charged.

llates to be signed by Nine Trustees, who are to grant Warrants to levy and col-left the same.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

Purposes of paving or repairing, all Chapels, Meeting Houses, Schools, Alms Houses, Hospitals, dead Walls, Warehouses, and other publick Buildings whatsoever (charged o: not charged to the Land Tax), fuuate, Handing, lying, and being in any Square, Street, or Place paved or repaired by virtue of this Act, which now is or hereafter may be built or in building, at a Rate not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound, according to the clear yearly Income arising from such Chapels, Meeting Houses, Alms Houses, Hospitals, or Schools and Warehouses, and other publick Buildings respectively; and where there is not any such clear yearly Income, or the fame cannot be fully ascertained, then and in either of the said Cafes the same shall be charged and afiefled at a Rate not exceeding Sixper.ce/ifr Square Yard in any One Year of the Pavement paved under the Direction of the Paid Trustees, and belonging or adjoining to the Front or Sides of such Chapel, Meeting House, School, Warehouse, or other publick Building; and the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall also at their Discretion, yearly or oftener if needful, assess all dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground, and which are not charged in respect of any Dwelling House or other Building, by the Pound Rate or otherwise by virtue of this Act, so that the Whole of such Race or Assessment shall not in any One Year exceed One Moiety of tire Rate for paving as aforesaid for every Square Yard of Pavement paved or repaired under the Direction of the said Trustees, fuuate as aforesaid, or belonging to or lying before such Yards, dead Walls, or void Spaces of Ground; and the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be made for any Chapel or Meeting House, shall be paid by the Ministers, the Elders, or Deacons thereof; and the Rates or AITefiVnents for any School, Warehouse, or other publick Building, dead Wall, or void Space of Ground, shall be paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof.

XXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to empower the said Trustees to charge or make chargeable any One Proprietor, Owner, or L.eflee of any vacant Ground, with more than Two hundred Square Yards of paving or repairing on Account of any such vacant Ground in any One Square, Streer, Lane, or other Place, until the lame shall be built upon.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all the Rates made by virtue of this Act shall be allowed and signed by Nine or more of the said Trustees, who are also hereby empowered and required to grant a Warrant or Warrants for collcding thereof, as also for levying the fame by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees fttell nominate or appoint, and which Warrants shall be sufficient Authority to the respective Persons thereby authorized for the Purposes therein mentioned; and the said Rates, after the fame (h ill be allowed and signed by the said Trustees, shall be col-Jeded quarterly; and if any Person or Persons Pnall refuse, neglect, or omit to pay the Sum or Sums of Money which he, she, or they shall be rated or assessed at by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Ten Days after personal Demand made thereof, or Demand in Writing less at the Place of Abode or Habitation of such Person or Persons, then and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons who shall be authorized by such Warrant as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby

2 authorized

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. igi

authorized and required to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting, refusing, or omitting to pay the fame, {rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducing the reasonable Charges and Expences of I'uch Distress and Sale, to the Owner thereof; and in case no such Goods arid Chattels can be found to be so distrained, or in case such Goods or Chattels shall be locked up or secured or removed from the Person or Pctfons authorized to distrain as aforesaid, so that he or they cannot didrain the fame, then and in either of the said Cafes, upon Information thereof given to any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, it shall be lawful for such justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby required, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until the Payment of such Rate or Assessment, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall warrarn'of " and may be lawful to comprize in every such Warrant of Distress, or by DiitreVs Per-Schedule thereto, the several Persons in Arrear for the said Rates, or for any ^"t^rre’‘r Part or Share thereof io to be proportioned or divided as aforesaid, so as

the said respective Persons be particularly named therein, with the respective Sums in Arrear, and when due; and when any Copy shall be demanded of such Warrant, a Copy thereof, with the Name of the Person demanding the fame, and the Sum or Sums of Money thereby required to be levied by him, extracted from such Schedule, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a complete and perfect Copy of such Warrant; any Law, U.'age, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons Occupiers who have or hath been rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, shall quit

his, her, or their Dwelling House, Warehouse, Shop, Vault, Cellar, or Rates to be Tenement, whereupon such Rate or Assessment has been made, before he, followed-flie, or they shall have paid the lame, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the lame when due and demanded as aforesaid by the Person or Persons authorized and appointed to collect and receive the same, that then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Trustees, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County; which "Warrant the said Justice or Justices are hereby authorized and required to grant in any Place within their respective Jurisdictions, or out of the Limits thereof, such Warrant being first backed or countersignrd by some Magistrate in the County, City, or Liberty where the Distress is to be made, to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so negieding or refusing, and the same to fell, rendering the Overplus (if any shall be), after deduding the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels: Provided always, that the said Trustees, if they think proper, may sue for all or any of the Rates or Assessments which shall be made by virtue of this Act, and all Arrears due thereupon and unpaid, in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in any Court whatsoever in the County of Middlesex for the Recovery of small Debts, in the Name or Names

192

Persons paying Rates exempt trom paving, etc.

But not to ex cure Arrears.

Trustees Powers to remit a Part of Bates.

Collectors to pay Money as received to the Treasurers.

Money may be borrowed on the i-redit of the Rates i

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

Names of the Treasurer, Clerk, or Collector for the Time being; in which Action, no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That ail Persons paying the respective Rates and Assessments by this Act laid and assessed for the Purpose of paving or repairing, shall be, and every of them is and are hereby exempted and difehatged from the Expence of paving or keeping in Repair the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, or such Parts thereof whereon any such respective Rate shall be laid, and also from all Penalties which may or-mighc be incurred by Reason of their neglecting to pave or keep the lame in Repair.

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent the collecting any Arrears of any Rate or Assessment due from any Person or Persons under or by virtue of the said recited Act.

XXXV. And whereas it may be reasonable to excuse feme Persons from the Payment of the said Rates or Assessments, on Account ot their Poverty; be it further enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to grant to such Person or Persons such Relief in the Payment of any Rate or Assessment as they the said Trustees shall think proper, so as such Reduction doth not exceed One Moiety of the Assessment payable by such Person or Persons.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors of the Rates and Assessments aforesaid shall, and is hereby required, to pay the Money, as he or they Rail receive the same, to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being tc the said Trustees and upon Payment thereof, such Collector or Collectors shall take a Receipt for the lame of the said Treasurer or Treasurers, which shall be given without Fee or Reward; and if any such Col ector or Collectors shall at any Time keep or retain in his or their Hands more than the Sum of Twenty Pounds for any Time beyond the Space of Ten Days (provided the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall, within that Time, be ready to receive the famej, he or they shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXVII. And whereas it will be necessary for the more speedy and effectual carrying the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, to enable the said Trustees to borrow and raile a Sum of Money for those Purposes; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time when they shall judge it nectflary, at any publick Meeting to be held for that Purpose, to borrow and take up ac Interest any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, and by any Writing or Writings signed by the said Trustees or any Nine or more of them, to assign the said Rates or Assessments to such Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money thereupon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with Interest for the fame; which Interdt shall be payable and paid quarterly by the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said

*93

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

said Trustees, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rates or Assessments by virtue of this Act.

XXXVIII. And whereas many Persons may choose to advance Money Or to grant for the Purchase of Annuities to be secured upon and payable out of the Annuit,e5* Rates and Assessmems to be raised by virtue of this Act, be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Trustees, or their Treasurer for the Time being, any Sum or Sums of Money for the abloa

lute Purchase of One or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of such Contributor or Contributors at the Time of Payment of the respective Contribution; so as such Annuity or Annuities do not exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds by the Hundred by the Year, and so in Proportion for any less Sum to be paid as aforesaid; all which said Annuities so to be purchased shall be payable and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being out of the Montes to arise by or from the said Rates and Assessments, by quarterly Payments, the First Payment to be made to the respective Purchasers, or their Assigns, at the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after Payment of their respective Purchase Monies: Provided that no The Whole such Money shall be borrowed by virtue of this Act, unless at a publick fifJu of bor-Meeting to be held for that Purpose, whereof Twenty-one Days Notice lowing not shall be given in some publick Newspaper circulated within the said Pa- e*9c'/d xifh; and so that the total Sums to be borrowed on Life Annuities and at Interest as aforesaid, shall not exceed in the Whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the better if any Annni-to enable the said Trustees to pay the Money borrowed upon the Credit

of the said Rates and Assessments in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful purchase for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, at any Time or Times Mortgage until the Sum so borrowed and all Interest due thereon shall be fully paid Money said and satisfied, as any such Annuitant or Annuitants or Nominees shall die, ®ff* to permit any Person or Persons to purchase of them the said Trustees One or more Annuity or Annuities in the Room of such Annuitant or Annuitants or Nominee so dying, upon the Life of such Person or Persons, upon such Terms and Conditions, and payable in such Manner as above-mentioned; so that the Sum or Sums to be contributed for the Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted by virtue of this Act, together with the Monies borrowed on Interest as aforesaid, shall not at any One Time exceed the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased shall be and is and are hereby charged upon, ti'eR»tes.P°Q and shall be paid and payable from Time to Time out of the Monies arising by the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act; and all and every the Contributor or Contributors upon the Credit of this Act duly paying the Consideration or Purchase Money as aforesaid for any such Annuity or Annuities, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased out of the said Rates or AffcfT-[Loc. Ss5 Per<\ 3 Q ments,

*94

‘Clerk *20 enfer all Securities for Money borrowed by Annuities on Lives.

t

tot Alignment of Securities.

Trulfees to contract for cleansing the Streets, &c

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

ments, during the Term of the natural Life of the Person to be nominated; and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers, and their Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, shall have good, fuse, and abfo-luce and indefeazibk Estates and Interdfs in the Annuities so by him, her, or them respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that every Contributor for the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Alligns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase Money, shall have a Receipt or Receipts for the fame, and also an Order for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities for and during the natural Life of the Person who shall be so nominated as aforesaid, by quarterly Payments; which Order shall be signed by the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, and alter signing thereof the same shall be firm, valid, and of good Effed in the Law, according to the true Purport and Meaning of this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being shall enter in a Book or Books to be for thai Purpose provided and kept by the said Trustees, all Securities for Monies borrowed or Annuities granted by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and of all Assignments or Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Place of Abode, and other Descriptions of all such Persons as shall from Time to Time be entitled to such Securities, and also the Name, Surname, Addition, Place of Abode, and other Description of every Person for whose Lite any Annuity shall be granted by virtue of this Act, and the Days whereon the said Annuity shall be payable; to which Book and Books the Person and Persons entitled to and possessed of inch Annuity, and all and every the Person and Persons liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments, shall at all reasonable Times have Accel’s, with free Liberty to insped the fame, without Fee or Reward.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons entitled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, or Aligns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands respectively, to align or transfer such Security, by Indorsement on the Back thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so teties queries; and such Alignments or Transfers, after they shall respectively be entered by the Clerk of the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid (which he is hereby required to do without Fee or Reward), shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, or their respective Executors,. Administrators, and Alligns, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so aligned or transferred.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any of their Meetings, to contract and agree in Writing, with any Person or Persons for the cleansing and keeping clean all or any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places within the said Parish, and for doing and performing every Thing relative thereto -, and which Contract and Contracts shall specify the Particulars

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 195

culars contracted for, and Sum or Sums of Money, Price or Prices agreed upon to be paid, received, or taken by the said Trustees and Con-< tractor or Contractors respectively, and the Time or Times when all or any the Matters and Things agreed or contracted for shall be done and performed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Non performance thereof, and all and evtry other such Particulars and Covenants as the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them shall fee necessary or think proper; all and evtry of which Contracts shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for thac Purpose, by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; but previous to the making any such Contract, Fourteen Days Notice at the least shall be given in some Newspaper circulated within the said Parish, expressing the Intention of tire said Trustees to enter into such Contract.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Penalty on other than the Scavenger or Scavengers who shall be appointed by or con- '* tratft with the said Trustees, or those employed under him or them, shall vtngtr.coi-' collect or carry away any Dust, Cinders, or Ashes, from any House, Out- ]<l3lnf Du(t house, or other Premises, in any Road, Square, Street, Lane, Alley, Yard* A es* Court, or Place within the said Parish, then and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and without any Warrant to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Jfustice of the Peace fof the said County of Middlesex; and every such Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay any Snm not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence; and in case the said Penalty be not forthwith paid, every such Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the House of Correction for the said County, for any Time not exceeding Six Weeks, unless such Penalty or Penalties shall be sooner paid.

XLV. Provided always, That in case the Person or Persons so offend- if such Offen-ing be not apprehended, then the Owner or Owners of the Cart or Car- d"h"otda5j*the riage in which such Dust, Ashes, or Cinders shall be put or placed in order Owner of the' to be carried away, or of any Horse or Beast drawing or carrying away Hors«and the fame, shall forfeit and pay the said Penalty. 01V penalty.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and All Projefl-may cause all Trees, Signs, Sign-posts, Sign-irons, Dyers Racks, Dyers,

Scowerers, and Barbers Poles, and all Porches, Penthouses, Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, projecting into or over the Highways or Footway s, and all other Incroachments, Projections, or Annoyances whatsoever, (Bow Windows already erected excepted), within the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts,

Yards, Alleys, PafLges, and Places to be paved or repaired by virtue of this Act, to be taken down and removed; and shall cause all Signs, Boards, and Gutters to be affixed and placed close to or on the Front of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings whereur,to they respectively belong, or on such Part of the said Warehouses or Buildings as the said Trustees shall think proper and convenient, the Expence whereof shall be paid out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, and shall return to the respective Owners all or so much of such Signs, Sign-posts, Poles, Sign-irons, Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, as shall not be affixed or put up,

0/

196 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

or otherwise made Use of in the Alterations directed by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act* and that for the future, all Signs, Sign-boards, and Gutters shall be placed and fixed close to or on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings to which they respectively belong, and not otherwise; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter hang, place,* or erect any Sign, Sign-poll, or other Pod, Sign-iron, Pole, Porch, Penthouse, Board, Spout, Gutter, or other Projection, Obstruction, or Annoyance whatsoever, or cause the same to he done contrary to the Directions aforesaid, and the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

To prevent

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Area or Cellar shall Areas"CeU^ left open, uncovered, or unfecured, or any Area or Cellar'Door or tars, ic. not Window, or any Kirb or Flap, Grates or Bars, of or belonging to any being recured. Area or Cellar, or Area or Cellar Door or Window, within ary of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Footways, Passages, and Places already paved or repaired, or hereafter to be paved or repaired, by virtue of this Act, shall be worn out, decayed, or out of Repair, or shall be laid, placed, or fixed in an improper Manner, so as to render the passing and re-passing of Persons along the Did Streets and Places or any of them dangerous, unsafe, or inconvenient, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or their Surveyor, or any other Person employed by them respectively, to give or leave Notice in Writing at the House or Premises to which the same shall or may belong, to and for the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, to cover in, secure, alter, repair, and amend the fame, within the Space of Two Days next after every such Notice so given or left as aforesaid, within which said Space of Time it shall be lawful for such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers as aforesaid, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required and authorized to cause the same to be done in a good and substantial Manner, and to deduct and retain the reasonab}.e Costs and Charges thereof out of his, her, or their respective Rent of Rents v and the Owner or Owners of such Premises, or Person or Persons in the Perception of the Rents and Profits thereof, is and are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payment upon Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their respective Rents; and the said Tenant or Tcnanrs, Occupier or Occupiers, shall be and is and are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much of his, her, or their Rent or Rents as the Money so paid by him, her, or them as aforesaid shall amount unto; and in case such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers shall, (after such Notice as aforesaid), refuse, neglect, or omit to cover in, leeure, alter, repair, or amend the fame, or to cause the same to be so done, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or their Surveyors to cause the same to be to covered in, secured, altered, repaired, and amended, and to charge such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, with the whole Expence thereof, who is and are hereby required and authorized to pay the same to the said Trustees or their Surveyor, upon Demand, and to deduct the fame out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents as aforesaid; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons in the Perception of the Rents and Profits of such Premises, is and are hereby required to allow such Deduction as aforesaid; and in case such Tenant or

7 Tenants,

197

4*° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers shall upon such Demand made by the said Trustees or their Surveyor as aforesaid, refuse, neglect, or omit to pay the fame, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay the fame, (Proof upon Oath having been first made before him or them of such Work having betn done, and of the Amount of the Expence of doing the fame, and of such Neglect or Refusa! to pay the Charges thereof as aforesaid), and in case such House and Premises shall be empty and unoccupied, then and in such Case the same shall remain a Charge upon the Premises, and shall be paid by the First Tenant or Occupier thereof, (who shall and may, and is hereby authorized to dedu& the fame out of his or their Rent, in Manner as aforesaid), or by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such House and Premises, and in case of his, her, or their Refusal to pay the fame, that then it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels in Manner as herein mentioned.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and Names»f may cause to be painted, engraved, or described, in Stone or Wood or otherwise, and to be affixed in a conspicuous Part of and upon Ode and House or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings, at or near each numbered. End, Corner, or Entrance or other Part of each of the said Squares,

Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yafds, Alleys, Passages, and Places, the Name by which each respective Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley,

Passage, and Place, is properly or usually called or known, or shall hereafter be called or known, and may also cause every House, Shop, dr Warehouse, in each of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards,

Alleys, Footways, Passages, and Places, to be marked and numbered in such Manner as they shall judge most proper for distinguishing the fame^ and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully destroy, pull down, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Names, Descriptions, Marks, or Numbers, or any Part or Parts thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Forlayinga throw, cast, or lay, or cause to be thrown, cast, or laid, any Soil, Rubbish, £ertbn«c«m-Dirt, Ti.: ber, Dust, Dung, Suds, Filth, or any other Annoyance, into mittingeer-any open Place, Square, Street, Lane, Court, Alley, Footway, or other uin Ann°),‘ publ ck Passage or Place within the said Parish, or law any Stone or Tim- *nc s> ber in any such Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Passage, or Place, or kill, (laughter, singe, burn, feald, dress, or cut up, or cause to be killed, slaughtered, singed, burned, fcakied, drifted, or cut up, any Bead, Swine,

Calf, Sheep, Lamb, or any other Cattle, in any of the open Places, Roads,

Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places within the said Parish, every Person or Persons so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings and if any Swine or other Cattle or Bead shall be found wandering about the Highways, Roads, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places within the said Parish, the Owner or Owners thereof [Lot. y Per.] 3 D shall

T9* 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

ftlall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or other Officer appointed by the said Trustees, or any other Person or Persons, to impound such Swine or other Cattle or Bead in the common Pound, or such other Place in or near the said Parish as shall be appointed for that Purpose by such Surveyor or Officer, and the fame there to detain until the said Forfeiture, and the Expence of impounding and keeping such Swine or other Cattle or Bead, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and if such Penalty and Expences shall not be paid within Four Days after such Swine or other Cattle or Bead shall be so impounded, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Officer appointed by the said Trustees to fell or cause such Swine or other Cattle or Bead to be sold, and the Overplus, (if any) to be paid to the Owner or Owners thereof; provided that whether such Swine or other Cattle or Bead shall be so impounded or not, the Owner or Owners thereof shall nevertheless be liable to the said Penalty.

Bonfires, &c. L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make or affid in making any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bovfires, or shall set Fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Serpent, Rocket, or any Gun, Gunpowder, or other Firework, in any of the Roads, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, Passages and open Places within the said Parish, or if any Person or Persons shall put or place any Stall, Beard, Bafkct, Wheelbarrow, Wares, Merchandizes, Calks, or Goods of any Kind, in or upon any of the Carriage or Footways, or shall drain or suffer to be drained any Sot), Blood, or other Filth, into any of the Channels of the said Roads, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Foot-ways, Passages, and Places, or drive or place, or cause to be driven or placed at.y Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage upon any of the Carriage Ways within the said Parish, so as to occasion any Obstruction or Annoyance whatsoever, and shall not immediately remove the fame when required so to do by any Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall run, drive, or draw, or cause to be run, driven, or drawn, any Coach, Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, or any Wheel, Sledge, Truck, or Wheelbarrow, or shall ride, lead, place, or drive, or cause to be rode, led, placed, or driven, any Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Cattle, upon any of the Footways of the open Places, Roads, Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the said Parish, he, she, or they shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Officer appointed by the said Trustees, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee any of such Offences committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to affilt in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and without any other Warrant to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Cudody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, who upon Proof being made upon Oath of any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, shall commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the said County, for any Time not exceeding Thirty Days nor less than Seven Days, unless the said Penalty and all Charges attending the same shall be sooner paid; and in case the said Offender or Offenders cannot be apprehended, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to seize or cause to be seized any such Stall, Boards, Baskets, Wheelbarrow, Wares. Merchandizes, Calks, Goods, Conch, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, and all Goods and other Things which may be therein or on the fame, together

with

199

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

with the Horse or Horses, Bead or Bealls, (if any shall be thereunto belonging), with the Harness, Gear, Tackle, and Accoutrements thereof, and all'o futh Wheels, Sltdge, Truck, or Wheelbarrow, and all Goods and Things which may be in or on the fame, and cause the same to be removed or taken to such Place in or near the said Parish as shall be appointed for that Purpose by such Surveyor or Officer, there to be kepe and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his or their known Servant or Servants, shall and do pay to the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the fame, and of keeping such Horse or Horses, or other Bead (if any); and in case the Goods, Carriages, Drays, Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, Materials, Atticles, Matters, or Things so removed shall not be demanded, and the said Penalty and Charges paid, within Four Days next after such Removal, then it shall be lawful for such Surveyor of Officer to order the same to be appraised and (old; and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied. One Moiety to the Person who shall apprehend any such Offender, or seize, carry, or take to the said Place any such Cart, Carriage, or Beall, or shall seize any such Stall, Board, Balket, Wheelbarrow, Calks, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials, Articles, and Things, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer of the said Trudees, to be applied for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, returning the Overplus (if any), after deducting the said Penalty and the Charges attending such Removal, and of maintaining and keeping such Horse or Horses or other Bead, and of appraising and felling such Cart, Carriage, Horse, or Brad, or such other Articles, Matters, or Things seized as a&resaid, unto the Owner or Owners thereof.

LI. Provided always, That if any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage shall be so placed, or iuffered to dand or continue as aforesaid, or any Horse, Afs, or Cattle shall be so driven or led, or any Stall, Boards, Baskets, Wheelbarrows, Wares, Merchandizes, Calks, Goods, Materials, or Things, shall be so put or placed as aforesaid, in or upon the said Carriage or Footways, or any of them, and the same shall not be seized or impounded as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners of such Crach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, Stall, Boards, Baskets, Wheelbarrows, Wares, Merchandizes, Calks, Goods, Materials, and Things, shall nevertheless forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall begin to empty any Boghouse or Boghouses, or to take away any Night Soil from any House or Houses within the said open Places, Roads, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, and Alleys, or come with any Carts or Carriages for that Purpose, save and except between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Night and Five of the Clock in the Morning from Lady Day to Michaelmas, and between Eleven of the Clock at Night and Six of the Clock in the Morning from Michaelmas to Lady Day, or if any Person or Persons shall put or call, or cause to be put or call out of any Tub, Cart, or otherwise, any such Night Soil in, upon, or near any of the Highways, Roads, open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, and Alleys within the said Parish, it shall be lawful for any Constable, Headborough, Bedel, or Watchman, (and he and they are hereby llriftly charged and required and directed so to do), or any other

In case Carriages, et;. are not secured by virtue of this Act, the Owner nevertheless to forfeit 40 /

For punishing Person# guilty of certain Nuisances.

200

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

ether Person or Persons whom Toe ver, to apprehend and carry any Person or Persons guilty of the said Offences to any Watch House of the said Parish, and from thence to convey him, her, or them, as soon as conveniently may be, before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middle/es, who (upon Oath made of such Offence or Offences as aforesaid), shall commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the same County, for any Time not exceeding Thirty Days nor less than Fourteen Days*, and the Owner or Owners of any Carts, Carriages, Horses, or Beasts employed in and about emptying or removing such Night Soil, save and except within the Hours hereby allowed, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence; and any Person or Persons may seize such Carts or Carriages or the Horses or Beasts drawing the fame, and drive, remove, or take such Carts or Carriages, Horses or Beasts, to such Place in or near the said Parish as the Inspector or Officer appointed by the said Trustees shall order and direCf, there to be detained until the Owner or Owners shall pay the said Penalty, together with all Charges relating thereto; and in case the same shall not be demanded, and the said Penalty and Charges paid within Four Days next after such Seizure, then it shall be lawful for such Iri-speftor or Officer to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied in Payment of such Penalty and Charges, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners thereof on Demand.

?enaity on

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall S523S drive, or cause to be driven, any Cart or other Carriage with any Sope than in cover- Lees, Slop, Filth, or Channel Mire or Dirt therein, through or in any Cans. of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Roads, or Highways wirhin the said Parish, without such Cart or other Carriage having a proper Covering to prevent the fame from flopping or spilling in any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Roads, or Highways, or mall fill any such covered Cart or other Carriage so as to run over, or call any Sope Lees, Slop, Mire, or Channel Dirt or Filth in or upon any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Roads, or Highways, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize and apprehend, and also for ahy other Person to assist in taking and apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and he or they is and are hereby authorized so to do without any other Warrant, and to convey and deliver him or them into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justict of the Peace for the said County, and every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and in case the said Penalty be not immediately paid, such Justice may Commit such Gffendtr or Offenders to the House of Correction for the County of Middlesex, for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days nor less than Seven Days: Provided always, that in case the Person or Persons so offending dznnot be apprehended, then the Owner or Owners of such Cart or Carriage in which such Sope Lees, Slop, Filth, Mire, or Channel Dirt shall be out or placed, shall be liable to and shall forfeit and pay such Penalty as aforesaid.

LTV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons wha'.so-without Leave, ever shall erect, build, or set up, or cause to be ended, built, or set up,

5 a»y

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 2Qi

any Hoard by way of Inclosure, or any Scaffold, or any Ports, Bars, Rails,

Boards, or any other Materials, or Thing or Things for building or repairing any House, Tenement, or other Works, or for any other Purpose vhatsoever, within the Squares, Streets, or Places to be paved or repaired by virtue of this Act or any of them, without Leave or Licence fiift had and obtained under the Hands of Two or more of the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors; and the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, is and are hereby authorized to grant the fame forthwith without Fee or Reward, and without waiting for a General Meeting for that Purpose, to every Person so applying for such Licence; and no Person whatsoever shall erect, build, or let up any such Scaffold, Hoard, or Inclosure, or any other Materials or Things as aforesaid, in any other Manner, or suffer the same to remain for any longer Time than shall be allowed or expressed in such Licence to be signed as aforesaid, nor without a Light being placed thereto in the Night Time, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, for every Twenty-four Hours that the fame or any Part thereof shall be continued contrary to the said Licence, or to the Directions of this Act: Provided On what 0<?-always, that if any such Hoard, Inclosure, or Scaffold, or any Ports,

Bars, Rails, Bo irds, or other Materials, Thing or Things, for building dtr Hoards to

or repairing, or for any other Purpose whatever as aforesaid, shall be so remove<,<

erected, built, or set up, without the Leave or Licence of the said Truf-

tees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, so had and obtained and signed as

aforesaid, or shall be put up in any other Manner, or be continued for any

longer Time than shall be allowed and expressed in such Licence, and the

Owner or Proprietor thereof cannot be found, then and in either of the said

Cafes, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause the same to be taken

down and removed, and the Materials thereof to be deposited in fume proper

Place within the said Parish, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants, shall and do pay to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees the said Penalty, together with the Costs and Charges of removing, detaining,

and keeping the fame; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges paid within the Space of Five Days next after

such taking down and removing thereof, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to order the same to be sold and disposed of, and the Money arising therefrom to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by £ehnJj!^iefs not this Act imposed, (the. Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not videoTor, how hereby otherwise particularly directed), shall, upon Conviction of the to be recover-Offender or Offenders, either by his or her own Confession, or by the e '

Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace acting in and (or the said County of Middlesex, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of a credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath , and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted, shall be paid. One Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety thereof to the Treasurer to the said [ Let. Per.2 3 E—F Trustees

202

Distress not to be deemed un* lawful for Want of Form j

but Parties aggrieved may recover.

Plaintiff not to recover if ^Tender of Amends be made.

Power of Appeal to the Quarter-Sef-lioiis-

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

Trustees for the Time being, and be applied towards the Purposes of the former Act and this Act; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Forfeiture and Penalties shall noc be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be cortimitted to the Common Goal of the County where such Offence shall be committed, or where such Offender shall be convicted, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months nor less than Twenty-one Days, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges, shall be lboner paid and satisfied.

I.VI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Tiefpasser or Trespasser ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Cafe: Provided always, that no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding before such Action brought, and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, may, at any Time before Issue joined, pay into the Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fir, whereupon such Proceedings cr Orders and Judgements shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may, within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of Middlesex, such Appellant or Appellants first giving, or causing to be given, Ten Days Notice in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or causes thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, and within Four Days next after such Notice, enter into a Recognizance or Recognizances before some Justice of the Peace in and for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal mentioned in such Notice, and abide the Order and pay such Colts as shall be awarded by the said Justices, and the Matter of such Appeal shall be heard and determined by the said Justices at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County, or any Adjournment thereof, or at any Adjournment of the then Jail General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the said County, which shall first happen after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Day of giving such Notice; and the said Justices at such Sessions or 1 Adjourn-

203

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

Adjournments, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance or Recognizances, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs for the Appellant or Appellants, or Respondent or Re-fpondents, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to and upon all Parties concerned or interested therein.

LVIII. provided always, That upon all Appeals from any of the Rates

or Assessments to be made or imposed by the Authority of the said recited appe,ieci a-Act or this Act, the Justices of the Peace (where they shall see just Cause w*j^out of Relief) shall, and are hereby empowered to amend the said Rates and other Rates. Affect'ments, in such Manner only as shall be necessary forgiving Relief to the Person or Persons so appealing, without altering such Rates and A(Te(T-ments with respect to any other Person or Persons mentioned in the same.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any inhabitant* of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, shall, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or upon any Trial, Hearing, nesses, ttc. Examination, or otherwise, in, about, touching, or concerning this Act, or any of the Matters or Things herein contained, be, and be deemed a competent Witness or Witnesses, notwithstanding his or her being such Inhabitant, or paying any of the Rates laid or afieffed by the Authority of this Act; and that any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex may aft in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding he shall be a Trot-tee, or be contributing to the Rates aforesaid; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Proceeding to be had touch- Proceeding ing the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any ^foedfor-Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or re- Want of laiing to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want Forra> of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute tb the contrary notwithstanding.

LXI. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against Form of this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Justice and Justices of Conviction-the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the F.ffeft following:

MidJiejfix, I nE it remembered, That, on the Day

« to wit. i Qf in the Year of the Reign

of is convicted before me. One

‘ of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, of 4 \Jfectly;-nZ the Offence] contrary to an Act of Parliament made in the

Year of the Reign of King George the Third [\specify-

‘ ing the Title of the Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and

‘ Year first above written.’

LXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Charges and Ex- Expence* of pences of procuring and passing this Act shall be paid out of the First the A'"£‘ Monks that shall be raised by virtue of this Act.

204

Limitation of Actions.

[Treble Costs.]

[Publick Act.]

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

LXIir. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in purl’uance of this Act, unless Thirty Days Notice shall be fiift given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trullees, signed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs , or unless the same shall be commenced before the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; or unless Tender of reasonable Amends hath not or shall not have been made by or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit; nor unless such Action or Suit shall be laid and brought in the County of Middlesex; and the Defendants in any Action or Suit to be commenced for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Triai to be had thereupon, and that the Matter or 'I hing for which such Action or Suit shall be brought was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if such Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Thirty Days Notice thereof was given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, signed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was not commenced before the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, or if it shall appear that Tender of reasonable Amends was made by or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit before such Action or Suit was commenced or brought, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought in any other County or Place than the County of Middlesex, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or difeon-tinue his, her, or their Action or Suir, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cafes by Law.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaNj Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*»*-*-* »*f*

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the t* Geo. *. Cross of Hand, wear Finford Bridge, in (he County of Warwick, through recited' the "Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford , and from the Guide Poji in the Village of Adderbury,

Cap. 14.

[24th March 1802.]

{Lee. (A Per.]

SG

in

210

20 GfO. 3. fccited.

Acts further continued as to the said

Road.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

in the same County, through Kidlington, to the Mile Way leading towards the City of Oxford; and also the Road leading from a Place called The Two Mile Tree, near the City of Oxford, over Gosford otherwfe GolTard Bridge, to a certain Gate entering ufon Weston on the Green, in the said County: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for continuing the Tern., and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said tecited Ad, so far as the fame relates to the said Road leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury in the said County of Oxfoid: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising on the said Road leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, through the said Town of Southam, to the said Borough of Banbury, which Money still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said lad; mentioned Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Torn of the said Acts be further continued, lbme of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls granted by the said last recited Act increased, so far as they respectively relate to the Road leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, through the Town of Southam, to the Borough of Banbury aforesaid; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cunfent of ihc Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Claus'es, Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained (except llich as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, and shall have Continuance for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame and every Part thereof were herein particularly repeated and re-enacted for the Purpose of amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the said County, to the Borough ot Banbury in the County of Oxford, and other the Purposes expressed in the said recited Acts relating thereto, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect immediately upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby grantea, shall be, and ate hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said recited Acts, or any of them, (as the said Money is thereby charged and made payable with relation to the said Road leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, through the Town of Southam, to the said Borough of Banbury'), and to the Payment of all other Money which shall hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of the said former Acts and this Act, or any of them, on Account of the said last mentioned Road, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

Additional

Tniftecj.

II. And be it further enacted, That Charles John Wheeler, William Marsh Doctor of Physic, Henry Roberts, and William Snow, (being qualified

211

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

lifted according to the Directions of the said recited Acts), shall be, and

t!iey are hereby appointed Trustees, and shall be added to and joined wich the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, for putting the said Acts and this Act into Execution, for the Purpose of amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, through the said Town of Southern, to the said Borough of Banbury, as tuily and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been named and appointed Trustees in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them.

III. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said last recited Act on the said Road, leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, through the said Town of Southern, to the said Borough of Banbury, are found in-fufneient for the proper Support and Improvement thereof; be it therefore enacted, That the said Tolls shall, upon the passing of this Act, cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that inftea l thereof the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken, collected, and paid, at any Gate or Gates erected or to be erected on the said Road lead, ing from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, through the Town of Southern, to the said Borough of Banbury, or any Part thereof; (that is to (ay),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Carriage whatever, the Sum of Five-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, not drawing as aforesaid, the Sum of One Penny Flalfpenny

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Near Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and eight-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or lei's Number.

Which said several Tolls shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisions. Exemptions, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said recited Acts, or either of them, relpeding the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to reduce, lessen, vary, or alter all or any Part or Parts of the Tolls hereby granted, at all, any, or either of the Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected on the said Road leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, through the said Town of Southam, to the Borough of Banbury, and to raise the fame again, so as they do not exceed the Tolls by this Act granted, and so as such Reduction be with the Consent of such Person or Persons who shall be entitled to Three Fifth Parts of die Money then due on the Credit of the Tolls; but no such Reduction shall be made unless Notice in Writing be given for that Purpose, by affixing the fame upon all the Gates^r

7 Turnpikes

Former Tolls on laid Road lepealed, and new Toll* granted and vcited in

Trultctv

Toils.

Tolls may be varied.

212

Penalty on Persons cauf-ing Stones, Timber, f&c* to be laid cn the Koatl.

Fiift Meeting.

Property of

Implements and Materials vested in the Clerk.

Trustees may fueand befiaed in the Name of their Clerk.

Clerk to be reimbursed his hxpemcs.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

Turnpikes then erected across the said Road, at least Twenty-one Days before the Meeting for making such Reduction.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall lay in or upon the said Road leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, through the Town of Soul bam, to the said Borough of Banbury, or between the Hedges on the Sides thereof, where the fame is laned in, any Stones, Timber, Straw, Dung, or other Matter or Thing, or in making, lcour-in.T, or cleansing the Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, shall permit or suffer the Soil or Earth dug out of such Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, to remain in or upon the said last mentioned Road, or between the Hedges laning in the fame, for the Space of Ten Days after Notice thereof given by the Surveyor of the said Road leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, through the Town of Southam, to the said Borough of Banbwy, every Person or Persons so offending in any of the said Cafes, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor leis than Ten Shillings, and shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as Penalties are by the said first recited Act directed to be levied and recovered.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the Trustees shall be holden at the Dwelling House of Join Moore, known by the Sign of The Griffin, in the said Town of Southam, on the Thursaay Fortnighc next after the passing of this Act; any Adjournment alieady made by the said Trustees to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all

Tools, Implements, Stones, Gravd, and other Materials purchased, gotten, or had, or to be purchased, gotten, or had by or by the Order of the said Trustees, or their Surveyor for the Time being, and applicable for the Use and Benefit of the said Road leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, through the Town of Southam, to the Borough of Banbury, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees, in which said Clerk, upon any Action or Indictment being commenced 01 prosecuted. Inch Property may (if required) be laid.

ArIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may sue and be Cued in the Name of their Clerk; and no Action or Prosecution, to be brought or commenced by or again!! the said Trustees, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Conlenc of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Actions, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Clerk, in whole Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall alw«ys be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to be raised on the said Road leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge aforesaid, to the Borough of Banbury, by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as by the Event of any such Proceeding he shall be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein, and also the

Costs

213

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

Costs and Charges of profecuiing any Indictments or other Proceedings against any Person or Persons whomsoever, that shall or may be commenced or prosecuted by the Order or Consent of a Majority of the Trustees at any Meeting.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, feme Covert, fnfant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first-recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money (lull, in case the same shall amount to ur exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lid Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or assessing othet-Lands or Hereditaments standing fetthd therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Diiedion and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands or Hereditaments which Avail be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, (food settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effld; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the laid Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents

£Ler. id Ptr.'} 3 H and

Dire°ing the Application of M >>ey pan! for Compenfa-ti >n for L.nd:, etc. when a-nounting to 200 /.

Where less than 1001. and exceeding 20/.

21

Where left than 10 it

Summary Form of Conviction*

Form of

Conviction.

F.xpences of this Act how to be paid.

Persons advancing Money to be rc. p»H with interest.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said' Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends anting thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so fir as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against the said recited Acts and this^\ft, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence again!! the said recited Acts or this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Case may happen (that is to say),

nE it remembered. That on the Day of

‘ D in the Year of our Lord

‘ j1. B. is convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of [here specify the Offence, and the

Time and Place when and where the fame was committed, as the Case may

beJ. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above-

mentioned.’

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies already raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, and now in the Treasurer’s Hands, or out of the Fiift Monies which shall be collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever j and in case any Pci Ion or Persons shall advance and pay any Money for or on Account of obtaining this Act, the Person or Persons advancing and paying any such Money shall be repaid the fame out of any Monies already raised or received, or to be raised or received by virtue of the said recited Acts and of this Act, together with

Interest:

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 14. 215

Interest for the fame, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Time of advancing the same.

[Publick Act.]

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, ad- judged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever,

without specially pleading the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued Commence-by the said recited Acts shall, upon the passing hereof, cease and determine; continuance and that the said Acts and this Act (subject to the Alterations and Additions of the Term, herein-before mentioned), shall from thenceforth continue and be in force,

and be executed, for the Purpose of repairing, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Road leading from xheCro/s of Hand, near Finford Bridge, through the said Town of Houtham, to the said Borough of Banbury, and other the Purposes mentioned in the said recited Acts and this Act, relating to the said last mentioned Road, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, fruiters to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

.;r ' . I-

I ' . ! . i

' n\. r.*\ ‘

Isjf

k V?

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

t»*»t*4|HM*H

Cap. 15.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-lirft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads there in mentioned, so far as the fame relate to the Road from Leeds to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[24th March iSoi.j

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Gt0- * ft'own if Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Otley,

Skipton, Colne, Burnley, and Blackburn, to Burscough Bridge, in Walton, in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton, through Gilburn and Clitheroe, to Preston in the said County of Lancaster, whereby the said Roads were divided into several Districts, and the Road between the said Town of Leeds and the said Town of Otley was made a separate District: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twemy-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to Geo. 3. en'arge the fterm and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing federal Roads, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Otley, in the West Riding [Loc. Lf Per.] 3 / of

2l8

Further Term granted.

New Trustees appointed-

42° GEORGII III. Cap. is-

of the County of York: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, within the said District, which are (fill due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor the said District of Road kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, so far as the fame relate to the said District of Road from Leeds to Otley; and it is necessary that the Tolls in the said District should be in* creased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consentof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-ftrlt Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, Provisions, Penalties, and Clauses therein contained (except such of them as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), so far as the fame respectively relate to the District of Road from Leeds to Otley, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein particularly inserted, repeated, and re-enacted, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect from the First Meeting of the Trustees herein-after mentioned, and be in force during the Term hereby granted j and this Act, and the additional Terrti and Tolls hereby granted, shall be, and are hereby made subject to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said Acts, or either of them, or that may hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, so far as the fame relate to the said Road from Leeds to Otley, and of all Interest due or to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That Sir Henry Ibbetson Baronet, Edward /li mitage, Edward Brooke, Christopher Beckett, James Bifcboff, John Bramley, John Cookson, Thomas Cookjon, Charles Coupland the younger, Thomas Clifton, the Reverend Robert Dyneley, Walter Fawkes, John Goodman, Will/am Glover, Arthur Hebden, Thomas Lee of tVoodhouse Lane, William Mydleton, John Marshall, Benjamin Murgatroyd, the Reverend Henry Nicbcljon, Lucas Nicholson, William Nicholson, Benjamin Pullan, John Pollard the younger, George Paley, Francis Ridsdale, Christopher Smith, the Reverend John Smithson, Henry Skelton, Thomas Tenant, William Vavafour, Joseph Wilkinson, John Waddington, Matthew Wifon, Benjamin Wilson the younger, Harry Wormald, Thomas Wormald, Richard Wormald, Joshua Walker Doctor of Physic, Ard Walker, and Thomas Walker, shall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with the surviving and remaining Trustees, nominated or elected by or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, and that the Trustees hereby appointed, together with those nominated and appointed by virtue of the said recited Acts, and qualified as herein-after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution, with respect to the said District of Road from Leeds to Otley aforesaid.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

III. And whereas the Qualification of Trustees appointed by the said first recited Act is insufficient; be it therefore enacted, That the same shall be, and is hereby declared to be repealed, so far as relates to the said Didrift of Road from Leeds to Otky aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified or capable of acting as a Trustee in any Case in the Execution of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the said District or Division of Road from Leeds to Otley, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipc of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, being Freehold, Leasehold, or Copyhold, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent to some Person or Persons having an Estate of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or possessed of Twothoufirnd Pounds in Personal Estate; and if any Person or Persons, not being qualified as aforesaid, shall presume to act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person, for such Offence, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Thing in the said former Acts, or either of them, to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons who hath or have acted, or shall act as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this or either of the said recited Acts, although not qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of such Offence, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been so qualified.

VI. And whereas the Tolls by the said recited Acts authorized to be taken on the said District of Road between Leeds and Otley, are inadequate to the Purpose of sufficiently amending, completing, and maintaining the said District of Road, and repaying the Money borrowed thereon, and the Interest thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Tolls authorized to be taken on the said District of Road by the said first recited Act, and all Provisioes therein contained for Payment of less Tolls, shall be and they are hereby repealed, and that instead thereof the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at all or any of the Gates or Turnpikes which are or shall be erected in, or upon, or on the Side of, or across the said District of Road from Leeds to Otley aforesaid, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint for that Purpose, before any Cattle or Carriage shall be peimined to pal's through the fame; (that is to say),

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Curricle, Chaise, Cala(h> or other such like Carriage, or Hearse, drawn by Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, at the First Gate or Turnpike which every such Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Curricle, Chaise, Calash, or other such like Carriage, or Hearse shall pass, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, and drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, at the First Gate or Turnpike the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, and at the Second Gate

or

219

Repealing former Qualification of fruiters.

Future Qualification of Trusteet for the Lhitrict.

Acts of un* qualified T ruitees valid.

New Tolls.

For every Coach, &ct

220

For every Waggon, Cart, etc.

For every Horle, etc. not drawing.

For every Drove ot Oxen, etc.

For every Drove of Calves, etc.

Which Tolls

are vested in the Trustees.

Trustees may

r educe the 'Foils at any publick Meeting.

42° GEORGII m. Cap. 15.

or Turnpike the further Suin of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, at the First Gate or Turnpike the Sum of Nine-pence, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, at the First Gate or Turnpike the Sum of Sixpence, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the Sum of Two-pence

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, drawn by Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, at the Fird Gate or Turnpike which every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage shall pass, the Sum of Four Shillings, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, at the Fird Gate or Turnpike the Sum of Two Shillings, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, at the Fird Gate or Turnpike the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, at the Fird Gate or Turnpike the Sum of One Shilling, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, at the Fird: Gate or Turnpike the Sum of Four-pence, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Two-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, at the Fird Gate or Turnpike which any such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs shall pass, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of One Halfpenny: For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, at each and every Gate or Turnpike which they shall pass, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number, for the whole Length or any shorter Didance of the said District of Road

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, at each and every Gate or Turnpike which they shall pass, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number (except for One, One Halfpenny), for the whole Length or any shorter Part of the said Road; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, or any Proviso therein contained, or any other Law or Statute contained, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Which said several Tolls shall be and the same are hereby veded in the said Trustees; and the fame, and every Part thereof, shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, adigned, varied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisoes, Exemptions, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said recited Acts with respect to the said Road from heeds to Otley, but subject to the Regulations and Alterations in this Act contained.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which One Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes then erected upon the said Road between Leeds and Otley, and in One or both of the Leeds Newspapers, so long as the same shall be published, from Time to Time to lessen or reduce

all

221

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

all or any of the Tolls granted by this Act, for and during such Time as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper, and afterwards at any Meeting to be held as aforesaid, from Time to Time, if they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened, to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the several Tolls granted by this Act, and such Tolls so reduced or raised again shall be collected, recovered, and applied, in the same Manner as the Tolls herein before granted are to be collected, recovered, and applied.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for and notwithstanding any Thing herein, or in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting or Meetings, upon giving such Notice as aforesaid, to order and direct the Tolls, hereby granted and directed to be paid at the Gates or Turnpikes upon the said District of Road, to be taken and received in different Portions, at such and so many of the Gates and Turnpikes which are or shall be erected upon the said District of Road, as they the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Toll Bars erected or which may be erected on the said District of Road shall be continued or erected within the Township of Leeds and the Township of Otley aforesaid, or either of them, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any of their Meetings, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, as they shall see convenient or think fit, to compound for any Term not exceeding Three Years, with the several Persons who shall reside within the Township of Leeds, or within the Space of Two Miles North Westerly of the Messuage or Dwelling House at the North West End of the Town of Leeds, in the Occupation of ’Thomas Strother, and also with the several Persons who shall reside within the Township of Otley, or within Two Miles South Easterly of the Gate or Turnpike now erected at the South-East End of the Town of Otley aforesaid, for any Sum or Sums of Money, to be paid quarterly or otherwise, from Time to Time after such Agreement shall be made, bat subject to such Conditions and Restricdons as the said Trustees shall think proper; any Thing in this or the said recited Acts, or any Law or Statute contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall and rnay meet at the Rotation Office in Leeds, upon the Twenty-first Day of April, in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and two, beeween the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall then and there proceed to carry this Act and the said recited Acts into Execution, and shall then and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themselves to the fame or such other Place near to any Part of the said District of Road from Leeds to Otley, as the said Trustees, or the major Part of them present at any such Meeting, shall think proper and convenient, for putting this Act and the said recited Acts into Execution; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn to another Day (Two Trustees being hereby deetped sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only), or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, the Clerk to the said

Per.~\ $K Trustees

Trustees msy apportion the Tolls.

Power to Trustet* to compound.

Meeting*.

322

Application of Com pen-fat ion Money, a-

mounting to 2»o/.

Application where the Compensation Money shall be lets than zco /. and above a#/.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Trustees shall, from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to fume other Day, within Three Calendar Months from the Day on which such Adjournment shall be made, and shall cause Notice thereof to be given in Writing, affixed on all the Turnpikes created upon the said Road, or by an Advertisement or Advertisements to be inferred in One or both of the Tm&Newspapers, at lead Ten Days before the Day to which such Meetings shall be so adjourned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Convert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments or affecting other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and . until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Difa-

ability

42° GEORGII III. Cap. is- 223

bility or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the fame Hull be paid (at the like Option), to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be lei's M.'ney i'less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied than

to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or uled for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fir, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences Essences of attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid out of any S'bepaid. Money already collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts, or

out of the First Money to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in Preference to any other Payment whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudg- Publick as. ed, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice

of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said Term of this recited Acts, so far as relates to the said Road from Leeds to Ot!ey, shall,

upon the First Meeting of the Trustees herein-before appointed, cease and determine-, and that the said Acts (subject as aforesaid) and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sdlion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. i8o».

, r -

-1' 7 y Q».'j

'V

V. t

13 ~uX - , 11 . .: Hi./

« ~ 1 ?Tai» id

? - :c" k 4 5 '?i; vi t < 0

»: '» ..f -.». ,; l

- '> ' 1

1 i ,.! ,* ’ W? " *»*. «M»at

i (

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 16.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts, passed in the Eleventh, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church through Hackney to Stamford Hilly and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex.

[24th March 1802.]

6 and 29 Geo t, ani

WHEREAS an Act. was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church through Hackney to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex: And whereas certain Acts were passed in the Twenty sixth and Twenty-ninth ffoeo. j Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said first mentioned AS: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said several Acts have proceeded to put the lame in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which are (till due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said koad be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by \Loc. & Per.'] 3 L and

226

Acts further continued.

Subjecting Waggon-, etc. laden with Bricks, etc. to Tolls, for every Time they thall pass any Gate or Bar.

Toll* may be leased.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), shall be, and the lame are hereby further continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in as full and ample a Manner, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the Term and Powers hereby granted shall be, and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said former Acts, or which may become due or be borrowed on the Credit thereof and of this Act, and all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And whereas it is by the said recited Act of the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty enacted, that Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, laden with Bricks, Tiles, Stone, Malt, Flour, Timber, Breeze, Soil, and Allies for making or burning of Bricks or Tiles, should be liable to pay and should pay Toll only Twice for passing and repassing on the same Day through any of the Turnpike Gates or Bars erected by virtue of the said Acts, which Regulation hath been found very prejudicial to the said Road; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, all and every Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, laden with Bricks, Tiles, Stone, Malt, Flour, Timber, Breeze, Soil, and Allies for making or burning of Bricks or Tiles, shall be charged with and are hereby made liable to the Payment of the Tolls granted by the said last recited Act, for every Time or Times such Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages so laden, shall pals in the same Day through any Turnpike Gate or Bar where Tolls are by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act to be received; any Thing in the said Acts or this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IIT. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting, whereof Thirty Days Notice shall have been given in Writing to be affixed upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected upon the said Road, and inserted in some Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road (which Notice shall specify the particular Tolls to be let, and the Money that the like Tolls produced in the preceding Year, clear of the S;Jary to the Collectors for receiving the fame), from Time to Time, by publick Auction, to let to farm the Tolls by the said recited Acts and this Act granted, or any Part thereof, for the highest Rent they can get for the fame (not being less than the like Tolls amounted to or produced in the preceding Year), and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to demise and let the fame, with Liberty to collect and receive the same, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, at and under such Rent, payable to the Treasurer to the said Trustees by even and equal monthly or shorter Payments, at such Times, in such Manner, and under such Covenants as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of 7 - them,

227

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

them, shall think fit, taking such Security from the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so let, as the said Trustees shall think fit; and such Person or Persons shall execute a Counterpart of every such Lease or Demise; and the Money arifrng thereby shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls so leased are directed to be applied; any Thing in any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts, arid this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, incase the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pourds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts, and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be dignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt ot Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid afledting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities j and in the mean Time, and untii the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being

entitled

Application of Compeula-tioti Money where

amounting to %oo I.

Application where the Compensation is !el> than 200/ and exceeds 20£>

228

Application

where the Money h iefs 1 han 101.

For paying the Expences of this Aifr.

I’ublick Act.

Term and Continuance oi the Act.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used. or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act shall be paid and discharged by the said Trustees for putting the said former Acts and this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, out of any Money which hath arisen by virtue of the said former Acts, or out of the first Money which shall arise by virtue thereof and of this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall, upon the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said recited Acts and this Act, subject to the Alterations and Additions as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 17.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltaft, in the County of Cornwall.

[24th March 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Second Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing arid 1S.17 Geo. 3 widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, whereby certain Tolls, Powers, and Authorities were given and granted for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, and for carrying the said Act into Execution; and which Act was to have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas another Act was made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of the said recited Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said Acts have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and borrowed several con ft deruble Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, and have, from Time to Time, duly applied the fame in the Repair of the said Roads, and for the other Purposes of the said Acts, which Money still remains due, together with a considerable Arrear of Interest: And whereas several Parts of the said Roads are very much out of Repair, being in so ruinous a Condition as to be unsafe for Passengers and Carriages, and cannot be properly amended and kept in \Ltc. ts? Per.'] 3 M Repair,

23 O

Former Acts to continue in force, subjetfl to Amendments*

Additional Trustees.

Authorising Double Tolls to be taken on

Sinda s.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Repair, nor the Money owing be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Acts (which is near expiring) be further continued, the Tolls increased, and some of the Provisions thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore pleal'e Your Majesty that it may-be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the Commencement of this Act, the Term granted by che said recited Acts shall be repealed; and that the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such Parts thereof as are hereby varred, altered, or repealed, and also such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties), shall be and remain in full Force and Lffed, and, together with this present Act, shall be put in Execution for the several Purposes thereby and hereby intended, for and during the Term hereinafter granted, as fully and effectually, in all Respects and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were exprel'sly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; which said Term hereby granted shall be, and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due on the said Roads on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or which shall or may be hereafter borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts, and of this Act, and all interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That Sir John Saint Aubyn Baronet, Francis Saint Aubyn, James Saint Aubyn, Addis Archer, John PoUexfen Eastard, Edmund Bastard, John Buller, James Buller, James Buller junior, the Reverend John Buller, John Blake, John Blatchford, Charles Carpenter, Thomas Cleather, the Reverend Thomas Culme, Sir William Call Baronet, John Tillie Coryton, Sir John Thomas Duckworth, sir William Elford, Baronets, Jonathan Elford. Jonathan Elford junior, the Reverend John Strode Foot, Terry Filzherbert, John Pierson Foote, the Reverend George Fortescue, James Glencross, Peter Goodman Glubb, Robert Hawker D. D. Edward Henn, Andrew Hilley, the Reverend David Herndon, John Hawkins Surgeon, Richard Julian, Henry Saint John, Peter Jacobson, Philip I.angmead, John Clark Langmead, Mancfah Lopes, William Langmead, John Mill, Thomas Mumford, George Marshall., Richard Morice, Richard Nc/Jcn, Richard Nelson junior, John Spurrall Pode, William Pode, Robert Sargent, William Symons, Martin Thomas, Peter Tonkin, John Tonkin, Edward Trclawncy, John Wilcox, the Reverend Thomas Willianfon, and the Reverend Jonathan Williams, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, for putting the fame and this Act into Execution; and the Trustees herein nominated, and their Successors (being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Acts), are hereby empowered to ad in the Execution of the said recited Acts and of this present Act, as fully and effectually. to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed Trustees by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collectors of the Tolls arising upon the Roads mentioned and comprized in the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, and they are hereby directed and required, on every Sunday or Lord’s Day throughout

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 17. 231

fhroughout the Year (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in every Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Sunday Night), to demand, receive, and take of and from all Persons subject to the Payment of any of the fame Tolls, Double the Toll or Sum which such Persons would have been liable to pay on any other Day in the Week.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments pur- ?ion Alone/* chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts where«-and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corpo- ceedinsl00'-ration, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands,

Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, 'i'rusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses,

Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands,

Grounds, or other Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Times of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exirting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase of Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Here- compe/ti-ditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and non does not belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under '^'(^above Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two zo/. hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and

in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for

2S2 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner here-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchjfed, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

For paying

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Ex-of the Act." Pences incident to, and attending the procuring and obtaining of this Act, together with lawful Interest for the fame, from the Time of advancing the fame till the Time of Payment, shall be paid and satisfied by the said Trustees; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby required to order and direct the Payment of the said Charges and Expences, with Interest as aforesaid, out of the first Monies collected, borrowed, or received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments and Disbursements whatsoever.

[Publick Act.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place upon the IVedncfJay Fortnight next after the passing thereof, and shall continue in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

Application where the Money is lef* than ao /.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahaw, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*JMt

Cap. i8.

An Act for building a new Gaol for the County of Galway, and for purchasing Lands sufficient for the fame, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[15th April 1802.]

WHEREAS the present Gaol of the County of Galway is extremely insecure, narrow, and inconvenient, and unfit for the proper Accommodation of the Prisoners usually confined therein, and is moreover extremely unwholesome, in a confined and unhealthful Situation: And whereas the grand Juries of the County of Galway have from Time to Time presented considerable Sums of Money for the Purpose of building a new and more convenient Gaol: And whereas a healthful and convenient Piece of Ground may be had in the Suburbs of the Town of Galway for the said Purpose: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the High Sheriff Commission. of the County of Galway for the Time being, the Knights of the Shire ers of the said County for the Time being, the Honourable Sir Thomas Hamilton French Baronet, Sir Thomas Burke Baronet, Robert Gregory,

Jo/on Prendergast Smyth, Walter Lambert of Cregclare, Malachy Donelan,

Chrtftopher Dillon Bellew, Robert French of Rahafane, Ross Mahon, Denis [_Loc. £3* Per.'} 3 N Bowes

234 42° GEORGII III. Cap. i8.

Bowes Daly, "John Blake of IVindfield, John Browne of Moyne, the Honourable and Reverend Power Trench, Arthur French Saint George, Michael Burke of Bally-Dugan, John Burke of Ijfercleran, Robert Fren.h of Monivea, Charles Blake of Moyne, Esquires, together with any Six other Persons, to be elected in Manner herein mentioned, and their Suc-

make the Gaol ce^ors’to be elected in Manner herein mentioned, shall be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners, with full Power and Authority for laying out, defigtiing, making, building, and erecting, a proper Gaol or Prison of and for the said County of Galway, in the County of the said Town of Galway, with proper and sufficient Yards, Courts, Out-Offices, and Conveniencies, Passages, and Avenues for the fame, and for supplying the said Gaol or Prison at all Times with a Sufficiency of good and wholesome Water for the Use of the said Gaol, and as well for that Purpose, as for the Construction of Sewers to carry off the Filth and Dirt of the said Gaol, and for making Reservoirs, Trenches, Watercourses, and Sewers, for the carrying a constant and sufficient Supply of Water for the Use of the said Gaol, and cleansing the fame, and for repairing the said Reservoirs, Trenches, Watercourses, and Sewers, and for fixing and laying Pipes in, over, upon, or through any of the Lands and Grounds to be purchased or used by virtue of this Act; and for effecting the said several Purposes it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and their Successors, to enter into and upon any Lands,' Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of the said Town of Galway, and to agree and treat for the Purchase thereof, or Use of the fame for such Purposes, paying or tendering to the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers thereof respectively, full and ample Satisfaction and Compensation for the Purchase thereof, and Damage done thereby, in Manner herein mentioned j and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or their Successors, to lay out, design, assign, and appoint, how and in what Manner the said Gaol, and the Yards, Courts, Out-Offices, Conveniencies, Passages, and Avenues of the fame, shall be built, erected, and made, and with what Materials, and in what particular Scite and Situation the same shall be built, and how and in what Manner the same shall be supplied with Water, and how the said Gaol, and the several Buildings, Courts, Out-Offices, Conveniencies, Passages, and Avenues of the fame respectively, may and shall, from Time to Time, be preserved and kept in good Repair and Order, and to make Contrafts and Agreements for and concerning the same, and to do all other Matters and Things requisite for carrying on and effecting the Purposes directed by this Act to be done, and for causing the same to be effectually perfected, as to them shall idem meet.

Houses not to

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained

be n-.jurcd. f^all extenj) or be collftrued to extend, so as to empower the said Commissioners, or their Successors, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take, use, injure, or damage any House or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof respectively.

Meftinf.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall meet at

the Court House or Grand Jury Room of the said County of Galway, on the Third Monday after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Eleven in the Forenoon and Five in the Afternoon, and shall then and there proceed

235

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

r.eed to carry this Act into Execution, and shall and may at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden at such Place in the said County of Galway, or in the County of the Town of Galway, and at such Time as to them shall seem proper; and if it shall so happen that there tliall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act in the Execution of this Act, the Commissioner or Commissioners then present, or the Clerk to the said Commissioners, shall, from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day, within Fourteen Days from the Day on which such Adjournment shall be made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Commissioners, shall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be done at some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, except as may be herein excepted; and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to the said Commissioners shall and may be exercised, from Time to Time, by the major Part of them who shall attend at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, the Number of such Commissioners present at such Meeting not being less than Five; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of such Commissioners present at such their several Meetings, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were made or done by all such Commissioners for the Time being (save and except as may be herein excepted); and at every Meeting of the said Commissioners a Chairman shall and may be appointed, and when and as often as it shall so happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman), then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman to give the decisive or carting Vote: Provided always, that no Person holding any Place or Office of Profit under the said Commissioners, shall act as a Commissioner during the Time that he shall hold any such Place or Office of Profit.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners herein named, and they are hereby required, to elect and appoint such Six Commissioners, under their Hands and Seals; and upon the Death, Refusal, or Disability to act of any of the said Commissioners hereby appointed or elected, or their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, from 'lime to Time to elect and appoint, under their Hands and Seals, One-other Person to be a Commissioner in the Room of each Commissioner so dying, refusing, or being incapable of acting; and every Person so elected a new Commissioner as aforesaid, shall be, and he is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a Manner as the Commissioner in whose Room or Stead he flull have been so elected.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint such Person as Clerk for the Execution of this Act, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove such Clerk, as they shall see Occafto.n, and out of the Monies to be received by virtue

of

No Act valid unless at a Meeting. Majority present mav act.

Chairman to be appointed.

E’edlion of new Commissioners.

Commissioners to appoint a Clerk, and remove him, and may allow bun a Salary.

236

Comm-flion-

ers to take Security from the Clerk. Clerk to account.

Clerk to account on Oath.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

of this Act to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances, to such Clerk, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds per Annum; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to take such sufficient Security from every such Clerk, for the due Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper; and such Clerk so to be appointed, shall, under his Hand, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners shall direct, deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to his Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by him received by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from him to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Clerk shall on the First Monday in the Month of October yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Commissioners then next following (although not thereunto required by the said Commissioners), lay his Accounts before the said Commissioners, in order that the fame may be audited, passed, and allowed by them, if approved of, and the said Clerk so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer), verify his laid Accounts j and if any such Clerk shall refuse or neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the feme, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Commissioners (or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Six Days next after being the reunto required by the said Commissioners, by Notice in Writing given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Clerk), all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Commissioners respecting the fame; and if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect; as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the City, County, or Place, wherein such Clerk so refilling or neglecting shall be or reside, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the Clerk so refusing or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing or not being to be. found, to hear and determine the Matter in a fununary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or WitnessTes upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been received by virtue of this Act shall remain due from such Clerk, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Clerk; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Clerk can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Clerk shall have refused or neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books,

Papers,

237

4^G£0RGII III. Cap. 18.

Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall he in the Custody or Power of such Clerk, and he shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then, and in each and every such Case, such Justice shall commit such Offender to the common Gaol or House of Correction for the City,

County, or Place, where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Proceeding? cause to be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and re- to be entered, gular Entries to be made therein of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Commissioners as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all

Entries in such Book or Books, being signed by the Chairman and Clerk then present, or either of them, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cafes, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall beAaionstobe brought by the Order of the said Commissioners, against any Person or Names'of the Persons by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the fame may be brought Treasurer or in the Name of their Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the said Com- £3°"* missioners, on Behalf of the said Commissioners, and no such Action shall missionert." abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose

Name the same shall be brought; but no such Clerk or Commissioner, clerk or’ or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Costs or ct.her Com-Expences on Account thereof, but all such Costs and Expences shall be tot’ofis. defrayed out of the Money received by virtue of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Coropora-for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate empowered to or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, treat. Committees of Idiots and Lunaticks, and Idufbands, and all other Trustees whomsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert,

or Cestuique Trusts, Idiots, Lunaticks, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves, and for all and every Person or Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Commissioners for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, and to convey the same to the said Commissioners for the several Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Agreements,

Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Usage, or other Matter or Thing, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all such Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and Trustees, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate,

Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

\_Ltc. & Per.] 3 O

238

If Parries are rtifiarisfied

with the Con-.milFon-ers'Determination they may cause a Jury to hi iir.pan* jielied to decide the Matter.

4.20 GEGP, GI I III. Cap. 18.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons inten ded in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be taken or used by virtue of this Act, shall, upon Notice in Writing signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, given to the principal Officer of any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such 'l rustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at the last or usual Place or Places of his or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, to be made Use of for the Purposes of this Act, for the Space of Twenty-eight Days next after such Notice, Neglect, or Refusal to treat, or shall not agree with the said Commissioners, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability by Non-age, Coverture, or other Impediment, cannot treat for himi'clf, herself, or themselves, or make such Agreement or Agreements as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall not, within the before mentioned Space of Twenty-eight Days, produce and fully disclose the State of the Title to the Premises which they are or shall be in Possession of, and to the interest which they claim therein, then and in every such Case, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals to the Sheriff of the County of Galway, commanding such Sheriff to im-pannd, summon, and return a competent Number of substantial Persons qualified to serve on Juries, and the said Sheriff is hereby required accordingly to impannei, summon, and return Sixty at the least of sufficient and indifferent Men, being Freeholders of the County of Galway and the County of the Town of Galway, or either of them, qualified according to Law to be returned for Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts at Dublin, to appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, such Time not being less than Fourteen nor more than Twenty-eight Days after such Warrant shall be served upon the said Sherilf; out of which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, a Jury of Twelve Persons shall be drawn by some Person, to be by the said Commissioners for that Purpose appointed, in like Manner as Juries for the Trials of Issues joined in His Majesty's Four Courts of Dublin, are by Law directed to be drawn; and in case a sufficient Number of Persons qualified to serve as Jurymen shall not appear at the Time and Place so to be appointed as aforesaid, or that by Means of Challenges or otherwise there shall be a Default of Twelve Jurors for such Trial, the said Sheriff shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured, to attend that Service (being so qualified as aforesaid), to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve , and every such Jury and Juryman, and Person and Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, shall be liable and subject to the fame Regulations, and to the fame Pains and Penalties for Default, as if he and they had been returned for the Trial of any Issue joined in any of His Majesty's Courts at Dublin, and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required, by a Summons or Notice to be signed by any Five or more of the said Commissioners, either previous to or at the Time of any such Meeting or Meetings, to summon and call before them all

239

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching the Matters in Question, and to hear and examine such Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; and the said Commissioners may order and authorize the said Jury, or any Two or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter or Matters in Question, which Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer), shall examine, assess, and ascertain the Sum of Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands,

Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or the Recompence to be made for the Damages that shall or may be sustained as aforesaid, and shall assess separate Damages for the fame; and the said Commissioners shall give Judgement for such Purchase Monies or Recompence, so to be assessed by such Jury; which said Verdict, and the Judgement thereupon pronounced as aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Commissioners, and shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents ajid Purposes, against all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons, and shall be entered in the Rolls Office of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and shall not be removed by Certiorari or other Process into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, or any other Court; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if the Sheriff so directed to summon and return a Jury as aforesaid, or his Deputy or Agent, shall summon the" make Default in the Premises, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit Jury.

any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Five Pounds; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury, shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or to give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent of this Act, or if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined, or to give Evidence, every Person so offending, having no reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by the said Commissioners, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons PunishingPer-who, in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall wil- of'p^ury. fully give false Evidence before the said Commissioners, or before any such

Jury, or before any Justice of the Peace, acting as ft’ch in the Execution of this Act shall and may be prosecuted for the fame, and upon Conviction thereof shall be liable to the fame Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws in being subject and liable to.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, of fumtnoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, shall th*Pjury to be borne and paid by the said Commissioners, out of the Money received be Pai<1-by them by virtue of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (atkinThere purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the equal to

Purposes too!’

2 40

Application of C unpenfa-tioti when less than 200 / and exceeding 20/.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cgrtuique Trull, or to any Person whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in rtridt or other Settlement, or to any Perfo.o under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall be equal to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Directions and with the Approbation of the Laid Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fumtnary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrances, dr Part thereof, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith to the lame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilling undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in Government Securities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Government Securities shall be ordered by the said Court of Cham-eery to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of such Government Securities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XV. Provided alto, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall be equal to or exceed Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the lame shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands', be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the

241

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

the Privity of the said Accountant General of the Hight Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in Manner herein before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery: Provided also, that where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned Money ie shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the fame left than ao/. . shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money to be

agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Monies to be Stoney,'Prereceived by virtue of this Act, to the Party or Persons respectively en- nifestobe titled to such Monies, or their Agents, and upon Payment thereof, or comvc>'ed‘ on leaving the fame in the Bank of Ireland, for the Use of such Parties or Persons, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trull, Property,

Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons respectively for whose Use the fame was paid, if), to, or out of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Commissioners, for the only Uses and Purposes of this Act, and Prrmify* they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof, to all nid'comme-Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if every Person having sioners. an Estate in the said Premises had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled, Feoffment with Livery and Seisin,

Fine and Recovery, or any other legal Conveyance whatsoever, and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, of the Person or Persons to whose Use such Payment was made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife or Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail in Reversion or Remainder, and the Issue or Issues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually as a Recovery or Fine would do, if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Per- Mortgagee* fons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on, or who shall have any xender>of°n judgement or Judgements, or other Incumbrances upon or affecting Principal, any such ILufcs, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fenndJ*'tlls which shall be purchased in pursuance of this Act, his, her, or their interest; Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall, on

Tender of the Principal Money and Interest due thereon, together with Isf Per.] 3 P Six

242

or on Six Ca'cnd »r Months Notice.

Tenants to pi- c uo the Po eflion of the Premises.

Courts, 6fc*. to be built.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Six Calendar Months Interest of the said Principal Money, by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately assign such Mortgage or Mortgages, Judgement or Judgements, or other Incumbrances, to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint in Trust for them; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Judgement Creditor or Creditors, or other Person or Persons entitled to the said Incumbrances, shall have Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, from the said Commissioners, or any Person authorized by them, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal and Interest Money, which, at the Expiration of the said Six Calendar Months, to be computed from such Notice given, shall be due on such Mortgage or Mortgages, Judgement or Judgements, or other Incumbrances, that then at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, on Payment or Tender of the Principal and Interest Money so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Judgement Creditor or Creditors, or other Person or Persons entitled to the said Incumbrances, shall convey and assign his, her, and their respective Estates and Interests in the said mortgaged Premises to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate and appoint in Trust for them; and if any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Judgement Creditor or Creditors, or other Person or Persons entitled to the said Incumbrances, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse so to do on such Tender or Payment, then all Interest on every such Mortgage, Judgement, and other Incumbrance, shall cease and determine.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will, or

I.eflee for a Year, or from Year to Year only, in Possession of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be purchased by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises immediately to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as the said Commissioners shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, in case the said Commissioners, or such Person authorized by them, shall pay or tender to him, her, or them. Six Calendar Months Rent of the said Premises; or in case the said Commissioners shall give to him, her, or them, Six Calendar Months Notice to quit such Possession, then such Person or Persons in Possession shall, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, or as soon after as he, she, or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Commissioners, or to any Person authorized by the said Commissioners to take Possession thereof, in the Name of the said Commissioners; and that in case any such Person or Persons in Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give up such Possession as aforesaid, then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the County of the Town of Galway aforesaid, commanding the said Sheriff by virtue of this Act, to deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same, in the Name of the said Commissioners, for the Purposes of this Act, and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver such Possession of the said Premises accordingly.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in the erecting and building the said Gaol, provide therein not only such

different

243

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

different and distinct Apartments for each and every Prisoner to deep in, and Yards and Apartments for keeping the different Descriptions of Prisoners, and the Males from the Females separately, but also such Rooms for King’s Evidence, Common Halls, Hospitals, Baths, and other Necessaries, Conveniences, and Accommodations, as are directed to be provided and maintained in the several publick Gaols and Prisons throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in and by Two certain Acts of Parliament, One thereof made in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, the Laws now in being for regulating and managing the publick Gaols and Prisons throughout this Kingdom, and the other made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and carrying more effectually into force the several Laws now in being for regulating the publick Gaols and Prisons throughout this Kingdom.

XX. And be it further enacted, That when the said Gaol so to be built and erected for the said County of Galway, by virtue of this Act, shall be made fit for the Reception and safe keeping of such Debtors, Felons, and other Prisoners as may be lawfully confined and imprisoned therein, and on the said Commissioners, or their Successors, or any Five or more of them, giving Notice in Writing thereof to the Sheriff of the said County of Galway, it shall and may be lawful for the said Sheriff, and he is hereby required to remove to such new Gaol, all such Debtors, Felons, and other Prisoners as shall be then in Custody, and the Expence of such Removal and Removals from the present Gaol or Prison, to the said new Gaol or Prison, shall be allowed and paid to such Sheriff by the said County of Galway; and such Removal or Removals shall not be deemed or taken to be an Escape or Escapes.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money, or other Recompence, Consideration, or Satisfaction to be paid and made for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and all the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and also all other Colts, Charges, and Expences, as the said Commissioners shall be at or put to in Execution of the several Trusts and Powers hereby vested in them, shall be paid out of such Monies as the said Commissioners shall receive, and be paid for the Purposes of this Act, in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXII. And, for the Purpose of defraying the several Coils, Charges, ?nd Expences of building, erecting, making, and finishing the said Gaol, and the Courts, Yards, Out-Offices, Buildings, Conveniencies, Passages, and Avenues of the fame, and of purchasing such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act, and the Cods, Charges, and Expences attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and all other the necessary Costs, Charges, and Expences of the said Commissioners in carrying the same into Execution; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of the said County of Galway, and they are hereby required, at each Assizes, to cause to be presented and raised on the said County at large, such Sum or Sums of Money, as with any Sum or Sums of Money already raised, and now in the Hands of the

a Treasurer

Sc 24. Geo. 3.

26 Geo. 3.

Sheriff to remove Prisoners to the new Gao! when built.

Costs and Charges how tube paid.

Grand Juriet to present Money for Payment of Expencei.

244

Tieafurtr for the County to pay to the Comm ilium en the Mo. nie« presented by the Giand July j

, ind to be by them placed in the Bank of Ireland.

Clerk to

account to Grand Juries.

This Act not to repeal fitly of the Acts reflecting Gaols.

Recovery and Applica tion of Penalties

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Treasurer of the said County, will constitute a sufficient Fund for defraying the said several Cods, Charges, and Expences.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it cnacced. That the Treasurer of the said County of Galway, shall, as often as he shall receive or be paid the Amount of any such Preferment or Presentments to be made for the Purposes aforesaid, from Time to Time pay and deliver over the same to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall by Writing under their Hands direct and appoint, together with all such Sums of Money as have been already raised in the said County for the Purposes aforesaid; and if the said Treasurer shall at any Time or Times neglect or refuse so to do, such Treasurer shall, upon being convicted of such Neglect or Refusal before the Judge of Assize, on the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses in a summary Way, forfeit his said Office, and shall for ever thereafter be disqualified to hold or enjoy* the fame; and that as soon as conveniently may be, after the said Commissioners shall have received from the said Treasurer of the said County such Money so raised or to be raised, such Money shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and on Account of the said Commissioners, and be applied and disposed of, by Order of the said Commissioners by Writing under their Hands, for the Purpose of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall, at each and every Assizes to be holden for the said County of Galway, account upon Oath, in the usual Manner, for all Monies received, laid out, or expended by him for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as publick Money is accounted for at the Assizes; and all such Accounts shall be lodged with the Clerk of the Crown for the said County of Galway, who is hereby required to deposit and keep the fame among!! the Records of the said County.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to repeal or make void the several Statutes now in force for the Regulations of Gaols, Prisons, and Prisoners, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, or any Part thereof, but that the said several Statutes shall remain in full Force and Effect.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures, by virtue of this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby other wise particularly directed), shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Galway, or for the County of the Town of Galway, where the Offence shall happen (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath), and the Overplus, if any, of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deduding the Costs and Charges of making the Distress and Sale; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered (if not herein before directed to be otherwise applied), shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners,

245

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

ers, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes any Justice of the £'r°7"in^J’* Peace may act as such in the Execution of the Powers herein contained, «justices if notwithstanding his being a Commissioner, except in Cafes where he shall 1101 interesttd. be personally interested.

XXVIIf. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Ap?ci1, Persons shall think hitnfelf, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Galway, next after the Expiration of Four Calendar Months from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at least of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Append, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners; and the Justices in such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein as they shall judge proper; and such Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever,

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Diitreft nM to made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the for Want of Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties Form, making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on Account of

any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment,

Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of qimiiied for the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Want ofor Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for re°mm-eabie by Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any Certiorari. other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of

Record at Dublin; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not

recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for after render any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall o{ Amend*.

[Lor. Prr.J 3^, have

246

limitation of Actions.

fublick Act.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Galway, or in the County of the Town of Galway, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Sa-tisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants , and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant 01-Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802,

ANNO QUADRAGES1MO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 19.

An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the several Parishes of Downham Market, Wimbotpam, Stow Bardolph, and Denver, in the County of Norfolk.

[15th April 1802.]

WHEREAS there are, within the several Parishes of Downham Market, Wimbotfham, Stow Bardolph, and Detwer, in the County of Norfolk, divers Fen Lands and Low Grounds, herein-after more particularly described, containing together upwards of One thousand six hundred Acres; a very considerable Part whereof being liable to be flooded, and much annoyed by Waters, are at present of little Value: And whereas it would be highly advantageous and beneficial to the Owners and Proprietors thereof, if all the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds were properly drained and improved; but the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor or Manors, w'hereof any Part of the said Fen Lands [Lot. U? Per.]J 3 R and

Appointment ot Com mil tiuneis*

250

Description of Lands.

lords of Minor f. He. ma) app ant a Deputy.

a'enalty on ailing not he-ing qualified.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

and Low Grounds are holden, and the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of such Manor or Manors for the Time being, and every Person who for the Time being shall be bond fide seized or possessed in his or her own Right of Ten Acres or more of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, shall be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution this Act, for the Purpose of draining and improving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the said Parishes, and bounded as follows; that is to say. One Part thereof beginning at a Sluice, called ‘The Tongs Sluice, in the Parish of Stow Bardolph aforesaid, and proceeding in a Southward Direction, on the West Side of the River Ouse, as far as the Turnpike Gate, near the Bridge crofting the said River at Downham Market aforesaid, and proceeding from thence on the West Side of the Turnpike Road, leading from Downham Market aforesaid, to WJbeach, as far as a Place called Northdelph Corner, until it adjoins a Bank called The Tongs Bank, and then proceeding in a Northward Direction, on the Fait Side of the said Tongs Bank, to the said Sluice called Tongs Sluice; other and remaining Part thereof, beginning at the South Side of a Piece of Land, late of Thomas Hare Esquire, and now of Edmund Saffery Gentleman, and proceeding from thence on the West Side of the Bank of the said River Ouse, to a Sluice at Salterfiode, and from thence along the West Side of the River Nene, to the South West Corner of the Land of the said Edmund Saffery, late of John Wrangle Gentleman, and from thence on the East Side of the said Turnpike Road, Northward, until it adjoins the said Piece of Land, late of the said Thomas Hare, and now of the said Edmund Saffery.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies as aforesaid, and every Person who shall be bonafide seized or possessed as aforesaid, of at lead Forty Acres of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, may, and is, and are hereby respectively authorized to appoint by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, an Agent to be a Connnissioner for executing this Act; and that all and every Person and Persons so appointed, shall, during the Pleasure of the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Lr.dies, and of such Owner or respective Owners, and during the Time only that such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, shall be seised and possessed of such Manor or Manors, and that such Owner or Owners shall be so seised or possessed of such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid, be, and he and they is and are hereby appointed a Commissioner and Commissioners for executing this Act, but shall act only in the Absence of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Owner or Owners, by whom such Agent or Agents shall be respectively appointed as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, not being qualified or properly appointed as herein-before mentioned and directed, shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and in such Action or Suit, it shall be only necessary for the Plaintiff or Informer to prove that the Defendant acted as such Commis-

fioner

251

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 19*

Coner in the Execution of this Act, and a Verdict shall be found against the Defendant, unless he or she shall prove, in his or her Defence, that, he or she was at the Time of his or her so acting, properly qualified to act according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall hold Mmingsof their Fir if Meeting at th c.$ueen's Head Lin, in Dawnham Market aforesaid,'

on the Third Wednesday after the passing of this Act, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, and shall afterwards, on the First Friday in Gdlo* her, and on the First Friday in April, in every Year, hold a General Meeting at some publick House in Downham Market aforesaid; and any Three or more of the said Commissioners, (although not assembled at a Meeting) may from'lime to Time appoint any Special Meeting, to be holden by Notice under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal outer Doors of the respective Churches of the said several Parishes of Downham Market, IVimbotJham, Stow Bardclpb, and Denver, at lead Eight Days before such Meeting; and that the Clerk or Clerks to the Commissioners shall fend or deliver Notice in Writing to each Commissioner, of the Time and Place when and where such Special Meeting shall be appointed to be held as aforesaid, and that Three or more of the Commissioners being present, shall constitute a Meeting, and that the Orders and Determinations of the Majority of the Commissioners present at any Meeting, shall be considered as the Acts of all the said Commissioners; and the Commissioners present at any Meeting may adjourn the same as they may think proper; and that in case Three or more Commissioners shall not be present at the Time and Place appointed for holding any Meeting, any One Commissioner present shall and may adjourn the same to another Day, and in case of Neglect or Omission to adjourn any Meeting, any Three of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, shall and may call a Meeting, at the Place where the last Meeting of the said Commissioners was appointed to be held, or was held by such Notice as aforesaid; and that all Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to, or vested in, the Commissioners hereby appointed, shall and may, from Time to Time, be exercised by any Three of them, unless where herein otherwise particularly provided; and the Commissioners present at every Meeting shall and may chuse a President or Chairman, who in case of an Equality of Votes on any Question, shall have another and a carting Vote.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order or Pro- Reitriffions a» ceeding, made or had by the said Commissioners, shall be revoked or al- orders £ tered, unless at some Meeting to be held as aforesaid, and unless a Notice

signed by Three or more Commissioners, dating their Intention to move at the then next Meeting, that such Order or Proceeding maybe revoked or altered, shall be affixed upon the principal outer Doors of the respective Churches aforesaid, at least Eight Days before such Meeting; and also unless a greater Number of Commissioners shall attend such Meeting than were present when such Order or Proceeding was made or had.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no greater or larger Sum of Expencteof Money than Twenty Shillings in the Whole, shall be paid or allowed Mcetmo‘-out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, for the Expences of the

252

Officers.

Officers to account.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

the Commissioners, at any Meeting or adjourned Meeting, to be held as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, to appoint a Clerk or (Jerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, Receiver or Receivers, and Collector or Collectors, and such other Officers as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, and from Time to Time remove all or any of such Officers as they shall think fit, and appoint others in the Room of such as shall be so removed, or as shall die or resign their Office, or be incapable of performing the fame; and the said Commissioners shall take such Security for the due Execution of such respective Offices as they shall think proper , and the said Commissioners shall and may, by and out of the Monies toarife by virtue of this Act, allow and pay to such Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, Receivers, and Collectors, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be aiding or assisting to them in their respective Offices, or that shall anywise be employed in the Execution of this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances, for their respective Attendance, Care, and Service, as to the said Commissioners shall seem reasonable; and that such Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, and other Officers, shall fairly enter in Books to be by them respectively kept for that Purpose, an Account of all Monies by them respectively received and expended, specifying the Times when, and the Persons from whom, and to whom, and for what Purposes, such Monies were respectively received and paid; which Books, or true Copies thereof, respectively signed by the said Treasurers, Collectors, or other Officers, together with the Vouchers for the Expenditure, shall be yearly and every Year produced and delivered to the said Commissioners, at their Meeting, to be held on the First Friday in Odo-ber, and at such other Times as they shall appoint; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to allow, pass, and sign such Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof, as to them shall seem correct and proper; and such Treasurers, Collectors, or other Officers, shall verify such Accounts upon Oath (which Oath any of the Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer), and the fame, when so allowed, shall be fairly entered in Two Books to be kept for that Purpose; One whereof shall be kept by the said Commissioners or their Clerk for the Time being, and the other by the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, or by such other Person or Persons as the Commissioners shall from Time to Time appoint, and the same shall and may, at all seasonable Times, be inspected and perused by any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, without Fee or Reward; and all such Officers and Persons shall, and they are hereby required to pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint to receive the same j and if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to render and give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof on Oath, or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands when thereunto required, in Manner aforesaid; or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neg-led to deliver up to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they drill appoint (within Ten Days after being the reunto-required by Notice in Writing figued by the said Commissioners, or any Three of

them.

253

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

them, and given to, or left at the lad or usual Place of Abode of such Otlicer or Person), all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings, in theitf respective Cudody or Power, anywise relating to the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor lei's than Ten Pounds; and if Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Pefufal, to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, shall live and reside, or be found, such Justice may, and is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to be brought before him; and upon his or their appearing or not appearing, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts if produced, in such Manner as the Paid Commissioners might have done; and if, upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, against whom any such Complaint dial] be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice, that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid, to cause such Money, and also such Penalties as aforesaid, to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and Penalty, and the Charges of didraining and felling the fame, or if such Officers or Officers, Person or Persons, shall not appear before the said Justice, at the Time and Place by him appointed for that Purpose (except for fotne sufficient Excuse), or if appearing, shall refuse or neglect to give or deliver to such Justice, or to such Person or Persons as he shall appoint, an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice, or to such Person or Persons as he shall appoint, the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Cudody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act; then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, the said Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to the common Gaol or Bridewell of the County, Division, Liberty, or Place where he or they shall live, reside, or be found, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have delivered in and settled his or their Accounts, and have verified the fame on Oath, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid all the Money which shall appear to be in his or their respective Hands, and such Penalty as aforesaid, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, as shall in that Respect have been made, or until he or they shall have compounded with the said Commissioners for the fame, and paid the Composition Mcney to the Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make), or until he or they shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in Respect; thereof to the said Commissioners: Provided always, that no Person who shall be \Loc. & Per.J 3 S committed

254

Power to make Works.

And to take such Lands as shall ne.el. fary for the Purposes of the Act.

Purchase of Lands and Satisfaction for Damages.

Bod'f* Politick, &r. empowered to contract for S de or Compensation.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 19*

committed for Want of sufficient Distress only, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Time than Six Calendar Months.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, lrom Time to Time, to make or cause to be made, raised, cut, built, set up, and maintained in, upon, through, or over, the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, all such Cuts, Drains, Banks, Bridges, Dams, Headings, Outlets, Mills, Engines, Sluices, and other Works, as they shall think necessary, for the better draining and preserving the fame; and that the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority over all and singular the said Works, and the same shall be vested in them and their Successors for the Time being , and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, their Servants, Workmen, or Agents, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to enter upon, divide off, take, and use, any Lands and Hereditaments, which they shall judge necessary to be cut, dug, taken, or used, for making and maintaining any of the Banks, Bridges, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Headings, Outlets, or other Works, to be made, maintained, or used under and by virtue of this Act, and to lay any Tunnel or Tunnels across any Road or Roads, for the Purposes aforesaid; and from Time to Time to alter or repair the fame, as shall be thought expedient, they doing as little Damage as may be, and making such Satisfaction for such Lands and Hereditaments taken, and Damages done, as is hereinafter mentioned, and putting all such Roads in their former good State and Condition.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority to agree with the Owners and Proprietors of, and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments, which they shall judge necessary to be cut, dug, taken, or used, for making any of the said Banks, Bridges, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Headings, Outlets, or other Works, under and by virtue of this Act, for the Purchase of such Lands and Hereditaments, or for the Recompence to be made to such Owners and Proprietors, and Persons intereded, for the Damages they may fudain, and also to settle and ascertain in what Portion the Sum or Sums io agreed for shall be paid to the several Persons interested in the Premises; and that it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees. Feoffees in Trud, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also on Behalf of their cestuique Truds, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, who are or dvall be seised or intereded in their own Rights, and to and for all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or intereded in any such Lands or Hereditaments; and they are hereby authorized and empowered to contract for, fell, and convey unto the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purposes aforesaid, or to agree with the said Commissioners for any Recompence or Cotnpensation to be made for the Damages which may be done to any such Lands or Hereditaments by the Execution of any of the Powers of this Add; and all such Contracts, Sales, Conveyances, and Agreements, shall be valid and

effectual

255

42° GEORGII III. Cap. ic.

effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Cuffom to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, are hereby indemnified for what they, or any of them, fir all lawfully do in pursuance of this Act, and all such Person or Persons to whom any such Lands or Hereditaments shall be conveyed, and his or their Heirs, shall (land seised thereof in Trust and for the Purposes of this Act, and convey and dispose of the fame from Time to Time as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons interested or concerned as aforesaid, shall for the Space of Forty Days after Notice in Writing given to the principal Officer or Officers of such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at his, her, or their, or any of their respective last or usual Place or Places of Abode, or at the House, or last or usual Place or Places of Abode of the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands or Hereditaments, neg-Iedor refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Commissioners, or by Reason of Absence, or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating, or shall not treat, then and in every such Case, the said Commissioners may, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required. Fourteen Days at least before any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the said County of Norfolk, and within Twelve Calendar Months after the said Lands or Hereditaments shall have been used, or the said Damage done, to give, or cause to be given, to the Party or Parties, whose Lands or Hereditaments shall have been so used or damaged, or to leave, or cause to be left, at the last or usual Place or Places of Abode of such Party or Parties, or any of them respectively, or at the last or usual Place or Places of Abode of the Tenant or Tenants inPoffession of the Premises, a Notice in Writing, purporting that the Value of such Lands or Hereditaments, or the Amount of the Damage or Injury sustained, will be adjusted and settled by a Jury, at the said Sessions; and the Justices at their said Sessions, or an Adjournment thereof, shall, and are hereby authorized and required to charge the Jury, which shall attend at such Sessions, or some other Jury, of Twelve honest and substantial Men, to be then and there impannelled and returned by the Sheriff of the said County of Norfolk, and cause them to befworn well and truly on their Oaths, to assess the Value of the Land or Hereditaments, and the Recompenceto be given for the fame, or for any Damage or Injury sustained as aforesaid, to the respective Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Interest therein, or to the Owner or Owners thereof, according to their respective interests, to which said Juries, the said Commissioners and all Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, shall have their lawful Challenges when they come to be sworn, and the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk is hereby authorized and required, upon Application made to him by any of the Parties interested, by Subpoena or Summons, under his Hand, to call before the Justices at such Sessions, or the Adjournment thereof, any Person or Persons who shall be thought proper to be examined touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oath, and also the Oaths to be taken by the Persons who shall appear, or be furtimoned to be

examined

On Refusal or Neglect of any Person to treat, the Value of Land or Amount of Damages to be &fcertained at the Sessions.

Witnesses to be summoned.

2 5°

Jury to after-tala the Re< commence.

Expences of Application to Sessions.

Application of Compensation where exceeding 200l.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

examined and give Evidence as aforesaid, the said Indices at their said Sessions, are hereby empowered and required to administer), shall ascertaiii and award the Recompence to be given for the said Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Damage or Injury which shall have been done as aforesaid, to the respective Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or jn-terested therein; and the said Juliices shall and may give Judgement according to the Verdict of the said Jury, which Verdict of the said Jury, and the Judgement thereupon declared and pronounced by the said Justices, shall finally bind and be conclusive to the said Commissioners, and all Periods and Parties intereded in the said Lands or Hereditaments, and shall be entered and kept among the Records of the Quarter Sessions for the said County of Norfolk; and the fame, or true Copies thereof, being signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, shall be deemed and taken as good Evidence in all Courts of Law or Equity, and all Persons may have Recourse thereto, or take Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom, on paying the usual Fees in Cafes of the like Nature.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where a Verdict shall be given for more Monies as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or Persons whomsoever, or for any Damage to be done to any Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or Persons, than had been previously offered, by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, then all the Expences of taking such lnquest and of ascertaining the Amount of the Sum due to such Person or Persons for such Damage, shall be settled by the said Justices, and be defrayed by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act; but if any Verdict shall be given or made for the fame, or a less Sum than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners as aforesaid; or in case no Damage shall be given by the Verdict, where the Dispute is for Damages only, then and in every such Case, the Costs and Expences of taking such Inquest shall be settled in like Manner by the said Justices, and be borne and paid by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of, or other Person or Persons interested in the Lands or Hereditaments in Question; which laid Costs and Expences, having been so settled, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, where the same shall exceed such Costs and Expences, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies, shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sumsfo assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the said Commissioner;, in and by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for Recovery of the Rates and Taxes to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that whenever any Person or Persons shall, by Reason of Absence or otherwise, have been prevented from treating, the Whole of such Costs, Charges, and Expences shall be borne and defrayed by the said Commissioners.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed - or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased,

2 taken.

257

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant,

Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the fame exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Directions and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or Part thereof, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments Handing settled to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, on the Request of any Three or more of the said Commissioners, in Writing signed by them, and without any Order of the Court of Chancery, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time go and belong to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments pur- compensation chafed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to docs not ex any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Inca- "erd!* than pacity as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, 1C>/. nor be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the fame shall, (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or [Lor. & Per.~] 3 T Persons

2S8

Application where the Money is less Chan xo /.

Taxes to be laid.

Tenants to pay Taxes and deduct them from their Rents.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

Persons making such Option, and approved of by Two or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Monies may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be paid to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at their Firfh Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act, or at any Adjournment thereof; and from Time to Time, at their Meeting, to be held on the First Friday in April in every succeeding Year, or any Adjournment thereof to assess, rate, tax, and charge all and every the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of all and Lingular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, with such annual Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five Shillings per Acre, by an equal and proportionable yearly Acre Tax, for the more effectually draining and preserving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds? and defraying all the Expences of obtaining and carrying this Act into Execution; all which said Rates, Taxes, and Charges, shall be paid to such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, at such Place or Places, and in such Manner and Form, and under such Penalties for Non-payment thereof, (not exceeding in the Whole One Penny for each Shilling unpaid), as the said Commissioners shall at any of their Meetings, to be holden under this Act, order or direct.

XVI. And, to the End that the said Rates and Taxes may be more easily and effectually collected and received, be it further enacted, That all and every the Tenants and Occupiers of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, which shall be assessed, rated, taxed, or charged by virtue of this Act, shall, and they are hereby authorized'and required to pay all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so assessed, rated, taxed, or charged on the Lands and Grounds in their respective Occupations, and to deduct and retain out of his, her, or their Rent, all such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall so respectively pay as aforesaid; and the several and respective Landlords and Owners of such Fen Lands and Low Grounds, are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments, upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rents; and that every such Tenant or Occupier, paying any such Rate or Tax, shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money as the said Rate or Tax, so paid by him, her, or them respectively shall amount unto, as fully and

effectually

259

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

effectually as if the fame had been actually paid to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, (except where there is, or may be, any Leare or Agreement to the contrary); but nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to enable any Tenant or Occupier to deduct from his or her Kent, any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by him or her, by virtue of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any where there of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds shall be demised to any Tenant or ‘^r'c^e^’tat Tenants at Rack Rent for any Term or Terms of Years, the said Com- the Comtntf-missioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to appor-

tion such Rates or Taxes between the Lessor or Lessors, and the Lessee WhatPropor-or Lessees, in such Manner as to them the said Commissioners shall seem tlon the just and reasonable; and such Lessee or Lessees shall only be authorized Repaid?"t0 and empowered to deduct the Portion or Portions of such Rates or Taxes, which shall by the said Commissioners be charged on the Lessor or Lessors as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case Default shall be made Recovery of by any Person or Persons liable to the Payment of any such Rates or raxes' Taxes as aforesaid, in his, her, or their respective Payments to the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers thereof, on the Day and at

the Place to be appointed by the said Commissioners for such Payments, in a Notice to be affixed upon the principal Church Doors of the several Parishes of Downham Market, lVimbotJham, Mow Bardolph, and Denver aforesaid respectively, at lead Fourteen Days before the Time appointed for such Payments, it shall be lawful for the said Collectqr or Collectors,

Receiver or Receivers, or any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands of any Three or more of the said Commissioners, (which said Warrant or Precept the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to make and give, as there shall be Occasion, either at a Meeting of them the said Commissioners, or at any other Time), to levy the Sum or Sums of Money by such Person or Persons payable and then due for such Rate or Tax as aforesaid, and for the Penalties (if any) incurred by Non-payment thereof, by Distress of the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle of such Person or Persons wheresoever the same shall be found; and the said Goods, Chattels, and Cattle to impound, fell, and dispose of, until thereby or therewith the Rates or Taxes, and Penalties then due, and the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, shall be fully paid and discharged, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, so distrained and fold on Demand.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Cafe no lands to re-sufficient Distress can be made for levying the Rates or Taxes hereby md"? charged, and the Penalties to be incurred for Non payment thereof, then /axes/ the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, which shall be so chargeable therewith, shall always remain a Security for Payment thereof; and all

Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, impounded, kept, and fold in Manner aforesaid, until all Arrears of the said Rates and Taxes, with the Penalties accrued due thereon, and the Charges incident to such Distress and Sale, shall be fully paid and latisfieJ.

9

26o

Lands may be let or fold for Payment of Taxes.

A Schedule of the Lands to be let or sold to be affixed on Church Doors.

Lands let to revert to the Owners,

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 19*

XX. And whereas it may happen that some Part of the Fen Land and Low Grounds aforesaid, may be untenanted or unoccupied for a considerable Time, and that no such Distress as aforesaid can be found for levying the Rates or Taxes, due in respect of the fame; therefore for enforcing the Payment thereof, in all such Cases, be it further enacted, That where any of the said Rates or Taxes shall be in Arrear, and unpaid by the Space of Twelve Calendar Months together, and no sufficient Distress can be found as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, at any of their Meetings, shall have full Power and Authority to let by publick Auction, to the belt Bidder or Bidders, so much of the said Lands and Grounds upon which any Rate or Tax shall be so in Arrear, as they the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them shall judge sufficient, for such Term or Terms of Years, at such Rent or Rents, and upon such Terms and Conditions as to them the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall seem meet; and the said Commissioners shall apply the Rent or Rents arising therefrom, in Payment and Discharge of all such Taxes and Rates, and the Penalties incurred for Non-payment thereof, and also of the Colls, Charges, and Expences of advertising and letting the said Lands or Grounds as aforesaid j and where any of the said Rates or Taxes shall be in Arrear, and unpaid by the Space of Three Years together, and no such Distress as aforesaid can be found then the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, at any of their said Meetings, shall have full Power and Authority, to fell to the bell Bidder or Bidders by publick Auction, so much of the said Lands and Grounds upon which any Tax shall be so in Arrear, as they the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall judge sufficient to raise such Taxes, and the Penalties incurred for the Non-payment thereof, and also the Colls, Charges, and Expences of advertising and felling the said L.ands or Grounds as aforesaid; and by Writing or Writings under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said Commissioners, to convey and allure the fame, unto any Person or Persons who shall become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and to his or their Heirs and Assigns; and such Writing or Writings, Conveyance or Conveyances, shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; but nevertheless, such Fen Lands or Low Grounds so let or sold as aforesaid, shall be subject to the Payment of all such Taxes, as shall be thereafter laid and aueffed thereon by virtue of this Act, and the Penalties for Non-payment thereof, and to all such other Taxes, as the fame were subject to, previous to such Letting or Sale.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause a Schedule of the Lands so to be let or fold, for Taxes in Arrear, to be affixed upon the principal Church Doors of the said several Parishes of Downham Market, IVimbotJham, Stow Bardolph, and Denver, Three several successive Sundays before the Day appointed for the Letting or Sale of such Lands and Low Grounds.

XXII. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, shall by virtue of the Provisions herein-before contained, be let by the said Commissioners,

for

26 i

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

for Recovery of the Taxes and Penalties due thereon, such Fen Lands and Low Grounds shall, (after the Expiration of the Term for which the same shall be so let, and the Payment of the said Taxes and Penalties and all Expences incurred by the said Commissioners or their Collectors, Receivers, or Agents, relating to the letting of the fame; and which Expences they the said Commissioners or their Collectors, Receivers, or Agents, are hereby authorized and required to deduct and retain out of any such Rent or Rents, arising and received from or in Respect of such Fen Lands and Low Grounds), revert to the original Owner and Owners, Proprietor and Proprietors thereof, and be as fully and effectually vested in him, her,- or them, to all Intents and s whatsoever, as if the lame had never been let by the said Commissioners.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall cause a Notice in Writing, under their Hands, to be given to the Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, so to be let or fold, or to be left at his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode, (if such Place or Places of Abode be known to the Commissioners), or otherwise shall give publick Notice, in any Newspaper usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said several I’arilhes of D.wnhnm Market, Wimbolfcam, Stow Bardolph, and Denver, Three Weeks at least before the Time appointed for any such Letting or Sale.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Proprietor of any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, shall by Writing under his or her Hand, give Notice to the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being, of his or her Intention to relinquiflr and give Up all his or her Fen Lands and Low Grounds, into the Hands of the said Commissioners, in order to be exonerated from the Taxes and Penalties payable in respect thereof, that then and in such Case, every such Person shall, from the Delivery of such Notice, be wholly exempt from the Payment of all Taxes and Penalties, in respect of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, so by him, her, or them relinquished or given up, as specified in such Notice, and then and from thenceforth all Proceedings taken by the said Commissioners, or any of their Collectors, Receivers, or Agents, against any Person or Persons whomsoever, or against his, her, or their Stock, Cattle, or Effects, for Recovery of the said Taxes and Penalties so in Arrear, in respect of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, so by him, her, or them relinquished or given up, shall be null and void; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, after the Delivery of such Notice as aforesaid, to let or fell by publick Auction, and to demise, convey, or assure, all and every the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, so relinquished or given up, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, at the Discretion of them the said Commissioners, and the Monies arinng from such Letting or Sale, shall be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Commissioners, and applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons, interested in any of the said Fen Laqds and Low Grounds, shall be dellrous of exonerating

[Loc. (J l’er.~} 3 U all

For giving Notice to Owners of Lands to he let or Ibid.

Owners of Lands giving Notice of their intention to relin-qu.fh Lands shall be exempted from Payment of the Taxes,etc.

Power to purchas« off Taxes*

262

Commissioners iniy borrow Money.

42° GEORGII lit. Cap. 10.

aTl or any Part of his, her, or their said Lands and Grounds, from the Tax or Taxes which shall or may be imposed by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, (by and with the Content and Approbation in Writing, of the major Part of the Lcrfons who shall have advanced any Sum or Sums of Money, by Way of Mortgage or Annuity, by virtue of the Authorities herein contained for that Purpose), and they are hereby authorized and directed to accept and take in Payment such Sum of Money per Acre, as they in their Judgement ("hall determine to be a proper C.ompensation for a total Discharge and Exemption from all Taxes and Rates, to be imposed on their said respective Lands or Grounds by virtue of the Powers and Authorities in this Act contained, and from all Penalties for Non-payment thereof, and the Receipt or Receipts of the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Cont-missioners, signed by him, shall, after the same shall be entered in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose, be a sufficient Discharge or sufficient Discharge* for such Compensation Money as shall be therein expressed to be received by him, to the Person or Persons paying the fame, and from the Time of such Payment, the Lands and Grounds mentioned in such Receipt, shall in all Times to come, be exonerated and discharged from the Payment of any such Taxes, Rates, and Penalties as last aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, assembled at the First Meeting to be holden after the passing of this Act, or at any Adjournment thereof, and at any General Half-yearly Meeting, (at which respective Meetings Five Commissioners at lead shall be present), and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three thousand five hundred Pounds, which they shall think necessary for the several PuTposes of this Act,either by Way of Mortgage or Annuity for Life or Lives, or by both such Ways and Means, as shall be thought expedient, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to assign over the said Rates and Taxes, as a Security for the Re-payment of any such Sum afrd Sums of Money, so to be borrowed by Way of Mortgage, with lawful Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the fame, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, Executors, Admin't-strators, or Assigns; and also to grant any Annuity or Annuities, to be issuing and payable out of the said Rates and Taxes, to any Person or Persons, for the Term of his, her, or their Life or Lives, or for the Life or Lives of his, her, or their Nominee or Nominees, and to assign over the said Rates and Taxes, as a Security for the due Payment of such Annuity or Annuities, in such Manner as shall be deemed proper and expedient; and all and every such Person or Persons to whom any such Mortgage, Grant, or Assignment shall be made, shall be a Creditor and Creditors on the said Rates and Taxes, hereby charged, and no such Person shall have any Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Sum of Money, and that every such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made for the Sum of One hundred Pounds only, and the fame and every such Grant and Assignment as aforesaid shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and the Costs and Charges of every such Mortgage.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 263

gage, Grant, or Assignment, shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all

and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage, Grant, or Af- thei r Securi-signment, shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Mo- tle5# ney thereby secured, to allign or transfer his, her, or their Mortgage,

Grant, or Security, and Right to the principal Money, and Interest or Annuity thereby secured, to any other Person or Persons; and that every such Alignment or Transfer shall be notified within Three Calendar Months after the Date thereof, to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, who Avail enter a Copy or Memorial thereof in the said Book or Books to be kept by him or them, for entering the original Mortgages,

Grants, or Assignments, for which he or they shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more j and that after such Copy or Memorial shall be so entered, (and not before), every such Alignment or Transfer shall intitle the Assignee or Assignees therein named, to the Benefit of the original Mortgage, Grant, or Assignment, so assigned or trasferred to him or them, and to the Payment of the Monies due and to grow due thereon; and that every such Assignee or Assignees shall, and may in like Manner, from Time to Time, assign or tranl-fer his, her, or their Right and Interest therein and thereto, to any other Person or Persons whomsoever.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Annuity ^'^.°[0AbV shall be granted by the said Commissioners to any Person being under granted.0 the Age of Forty Years, at a higher Rate than Nine Pounds per Centum

or being above the Age of Forty Years, at more than Ten Pounds per Centum; or for Two or more Lives, at more than Eight Pounds per Centum; and all the said Annuities shall be redeemable by the said Cony-missioners, on their giving Six Calendar Months Notice, in Writing, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, and paying to them respectively, the original Sum paid for such Annuity, with Six Calendar Months Annuity in Advance for the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Taxes to he Taxes veiled assessed, rated, taxed, or charged, under the Authority of this Act, shall be charged and chargeable with and for the Payment of all and every tants.

Sum and Sums of Money, so to be borrowed as aforesaid, and the Interest: thereof, and of any Annuity or Annuities which may be granted as aforesaid, and shall vest in the respective Creditors and Annuitants, upon Default of Payment of such principal Money and Interest, and Annuities, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof, and the said Creditors and Annuitants respectively, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have the fame Powers, Rights, and Privileges, of raising and recovering the Rates and Taxes for the satisfying and discharging to them, such principal Money and Interest, and Annuities, (if Default shall be made in Payment thereof, as the same shall become due), as the said Commissioners, or their Collector or Collectors have, or would have had, by virtue of this Act, in case the said principal Money, Interest, and Annuities, had been regularly paid and satisfied.

264

Application of Taxes and Monies borrowed.

Hundred Acre Common vested in Churchwardens.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Taxes to be assessed and charged, under the Authority of this Act, and the Monies to be borrowed and raised as aforesaid, and all other Monies which shall come to the Hands of the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer for the Time being, by virtue of this Act, shall be vested in and applied and disposed of by the said Connnilfior.ers, in the First Place towards paying and discharging the Colts, Charges, and Expences, preparatory to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and lawful Interest for all such Monies as shall be advanced, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, for the Payment of Fees, and other Expences attending the obtaining and passing the fame; and then in Payment of the Colts, Charges, Expences, and Disbursements, which shall be necessarily incurred and made in the Execution of this Act, and in Payment of the several Sums of Money which shall be borrowed, and the Interest thereof, as the same shall become due, and of the Annuities that shall be granted as aforesaid when payable, and for the Purposes of this Act, but for no other Purpose whatsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That a certain Piece or Parcel of

I.and called The Hundred Acre Common, situate within the Limns of this Act, shall from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be vested in the Churchwardens of the said several Parishes of Downham Market, Wimbatsham, and Stow Bardo/pb, and their Successors, Churchwardens of the said several Parishes for the Time being; and the said Churchwardens and their Successors shall, and they are hereby authorized from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to dernife or let the same to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term or Number of Years, at such Rent or Rents, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as to them shall appear moll advantageous and proper; and the said Churchwardens, and their Successors for the Time being, shall in the First Place apply the Rent or Rents arising therefrom in Payment and Discharge of the Rates, Taxes, and Charges by this Act imposed, and of all such other Rates, Taxes, and Charges, as are now, or which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be rated, taxed, charged, or imposed on the said Common, or any Part thereof; and of the Colts, Charges, and Expences attending such demifing or letting as aforesaid, and after full Payment and Discharge thereof, the said Churchwardens, and their Successors for the Time being, shall apply the Overplus of such Rent or Rents unto or for the Benefit of the poor Inhabitants of the said several Parishes, in the Proportion and Manner, and for the Purpose herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), One Third Part thereof for the poor Inhabitants of the said Parish of Downham Market; another Third Part thereof for the poor Inhabitants of the said Parish of Wimbotsham, and the remaining Third Part thereof, for the poor Inhabitants of the said Parish of Stow Bardolph; and the said respective Third Parts or Proportions shall be paid to, or deducted or retained by the Churchwardens of the said respective Parishes for the Time being, and be laid out and expended by them respectively, in the Purchase of Fuel, to be distributed by them respectively, among!! all or such of the poor Inhabitants of their respective Parishes, as they shall judge most proper, and shall Hand moll in Need thereof.

7

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 165

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Churchwar^ herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, personally to p|rfon°Hy° charge or make liable the said Churchwardens, or their Successors for ji^ie for the Time being, or any of them, or their or any of their Goods, Chat- raxes‘ tels, or Effects, with or to the Payment of any Hates, Taxes, or Charges,

to be taxed, charged, assessed, or imposed on the said Common, or in respect thereof, or with or to any Powers or Remedies for recovering and compelling Payment thereof.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Punishing Per Tons who shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully and maliciously Moving"6" cut, throw down, burn, or otherwise destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, works. Bridge, Flood Gate, Tunnel, or Sluice, made and erected, or which shall be making and erecting for the draining and improving of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, or any of them, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall be adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and be transported for Seven Years, or be punished as the Law directs, in Cafes of Petit Larceny; and if any Person or Persons shall String Ntt« at any Time or Times hereafter let down any Nets or Engines for the &c. catching of Fish in any of the Drains, or wilfully or maliciously throw any Earth, or other Obstructions, in any of the Drains made, or to be made, for answering the Purposes aforesaid, or if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter wilfully or maliciously Hop, dam-up, spoil, or damage any Drain, Watercourse, Engine, Sluice, Tunnel, Door,

Dam, Heading, Bridge, or other Work or Works already made, or which shall hereafter be making or erecting, made, erected, or used for draining the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, then or in any of the said Cafes, all and every such Person and Persons so offending, being thereof convicted before Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, (who are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on the Confession of the Party or Parties so offending), shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Forty Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, as the said Justices shall order and direct.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Penalty on of this Act, if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any of kef^n'itd/et the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, to which any Dike, Ditch, or and Tunnels 'Funnel, Dikes, Ditches, or Tunnels whatsoever, leading to any Mill inRepair, ate. Drain or Mill Drains for carrying off the Waters there, doth, do, or shall belong, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to rode, scour, cleanse, open, or repair the fame, or to make and place any new and proper Tunnel or Tunnels on any Part of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, of which he, she, or they shall be Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers as aforesaid, after One Calendar Month’s Notice given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, for that Purpose, by the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Officer or Officers for the Time being, appointed by virtue of this Act, he, she, or they shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One Shilling, nor less than Twopence, for every Rod of such Dike so neglected to be scoured, cleansed,

fLoo. £sf Per.~\ 3 X opened.

266

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

ope ied, and repaired; any Sum not exceeding Sixpence, nor less than One Penny, for every Rod of such Dike so neglected to be roded; and any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings, for every Tunnel so neglected to be made, repaired, or opened as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Officer or Officers, to cause such Dikes, Ditches, and Tunnels, to be roded, opened, made, or repaired, as the Case may be; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause the said respective Penalties, and the Costs and Charges incurred in roding, opening, making, or repairing such Dikes, Ditches, and Tunnels, as the Case may be, to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds, so neglecting or refusing to do the fame, rendering the Overplus of the Monies arising from such Distress and Sale, (if any), after deducting such Penalties, Cods, and Expences, and the Costs and Charges attending such Didrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time make, or cause to be made, any Watering Place or Places of Access for Cattle to drink, in any of the publick Drains made or maintained by virtue of this Act, or shall continue to use any such Watering Place already made, alter Ten Days Notice in Writing to the contrary thereof given to him, her, or them, by the Collector or Receiver, or any other Person or Persons authorized by the said Commissioners, every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, for every Month he shall continue to use the fame respectively.

ert-eiino any

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no House or Building shall be liuiiding.', etc. erected, or any Tree, Hedge, or Holt planted, or any Stack of Hay, Fodder, Reed, Turf, or other Obdruction, set or placed within One hundred Yards of any Mill or Engine, which shall be eredtedor employed for draining the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds; and if any Person or Persons shall build or eredf any House or other Budding, or plant any Tree, Hedge, or Holt, or set or place any Stack, or other Obstruction, within such Didance as aforesaid, every such Person diall forfeit and pay for every such House or Building, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; for every Hedge or Holt, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; for every Tree, any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings; and for every such Stack or other Obstruction, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; c^TivT^t- ar>d l^ac lawful for the said Commissioners, by Warrant under

move ouitruc- their Hands, to cause such Building, Stack, Tree, Fledge, Holt, or nuns. other Obstruction, to be pulled down, taken up, and removed, and the

Cods and ExpenceS thereby incurred shall be reimbuifed to the said Commissioners by the Person or Persons who committed the Offence, and may, with the Penalties aforesaid, be levied and recovered by Didrefs and Sale of his, her, or their Goods, Chattels, and Stock, wheresoever the same shall be found, by Warrant under the Flands of any Three or more of the said Commissioners; and that it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause any Tree, Hedge, or Holt, which shall be growing within the Didance of One hundred

i Yards

Penalty for making Watering Places in any of the publick Drains.

Penalty for

267

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

Yards from the Place where any Mill or Engine shall be erected, by virtue of this Act, to be cut down, the said Commissioners making such Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners of such last mentioned Tree, Hedge, or Holt, as shall be fair and reasonable.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners To mow shall cause all the Thirties and Weeds which shall arise or grow upon or on Iheba.iks, in any Bank, Drove, or Warte, within the Limits of this Act, or upon &‘-

or in any Bank, Drove, or Warte thereto immediately adjoining, to be mowed, cut down, and destroyed, as often as shall be necessary; and that they shall and may make such Payments and Allowances for that Purpose, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, as they shall think proper.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners j^ote*

shall have full Power, and they are hereby authorized to dertroy all such °w*

Moles and other Vermin, as shall be found in and about the said Fen

Lands and Low Grounds, and also in and about the Lands and Banks adjoining, or lying near thereto; and for that Purpose, to employ such Person or Persons at such Wages or Salary as they shall think proper j and such Person or Persons shall, and lawfully may enter into and upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and the Lands and Banks adjoining thereto, or any of them for that Purpose.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to*re£t for the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of such of the said dVain Arable* F’en Lands and Low Grounds, as are, or shall be arable, to erect any Lands only, Horse Mill thereon, in order to drain such Arable Lands only, and for e,c'

no other Purpose whatsoever; and that in Cafe any Person or Persons shall use any Horse, or other Mill or Engine, on any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, for any other Purpose whatsoever, every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds: Provided always, That the Waters to be collected by any Horse Mill to be erected as aforesaid, shall be thrown into some Drain or Ditch leading to feme Mill Drain or Mill Drains, to be made or uled by virtue of this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any To limit 'he Person or Persons whomsoever, to dig, or cause to be dug, any Turf J:ssins Turf: upon or out of any of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, except for the Purposes of Fuel, to be spent in the Dwelling Lloufes of the Occupiers thereof, unless he, she, or they shall first give Security, to be approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners, for the regular Payment of the Taxes charged on the Lands so intended to be dug for Twenty Years after such digging, or shall pay into the Hands of the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Commissioners, a Sum of Money equal to the Amount of Twenty Years Taxes thereof; and if any Person or Persons shall dig any Turf in any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, (except for the Purpose aforesaid), without fil'd paying down the Amount of Twenty Years Taxes thereon, or giving such Security as herein-before directed for Payment of the fame, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons authorized by them,

by

268

Power to let the Herbage ofr Banks, etc.

Com ml (Porters may sue or be fned in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk.

Actions not to abate on the Death of the Treasurer or Clerk.

R covery and Application of Penalties.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 1*9.

by Warrant under the Hands of any Three or more of the said Commissioners, (which Warrant they are hereby authorized and directed to grant), to levy the Amount of Twenty Years Taxes, in respect of the whole of the Land or Ground, any Part whereof shall be so dug as aforesaid, upon the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle of the Owner or Occupier of such Land or Ground, or of the Person or Persons so digging the fame, wherever such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle shall be found.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized at any Meeting, to let to the bed Bidder or Bidders, for any Term not exceeding Three Years at any One Time, the Herbage and Pasturage of the Banks, Common Drove Ways, and Wade Places, (except of the said Common called The Hundred Acre Common) lying within the Limits of this Act, in such Lot or Lots, and at such Rent or Rents, and upon such Terms and Conditions, and under such Rules and Regulations, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper; and the Person or Persons hiring the fame, shall have the exclusive Use and Benefit of such Herbage and Padurage; and the Rent or Rents, Sum or Sums, for which such Herbage and Padurage shall be let as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Treasurer, Receiver, or Collector to the said Commissioners, and be applied to the fame Purposes as the Rates and Taxes hereby charged upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, are directed to be applied to; and the said Commissioners shall have the fame Powers and Remedies for recovering and enforcing Payment of such Rent or Rents, as are hereby given them for Recovery of the Rates and Taxes aforesaid.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may sue or be sued in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to commence or bring, or cause to be commenced or brought, any Action or Suit in any of Flis Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe or otherwise; and that no Action to be brought by or against: the said Commissioners, or any>of them, by virtue of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued, by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurer or Clerk; but that the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners, shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed the Amount and Extent whereof is not hereby po-fitively and expressly limited and ascertained, may be fixed and ascertained by the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, assembled at any General or Special Meeting, to be held by virtue of this Act; and that all Penalties anil Forfeitures whatsoever hereby imposed (the Recovery whereof is not hereby otherwise directed), and all Costs and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be levied and recovered by lit ft refs and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, and Stock of the Offender or Offenders, wheresoever the same shall be found, by Warrant under the . Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, Liberty, or Place wherein the

Offence

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 269

Ofiencje shall have been committed; which Warrant i'uch Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and empowered to grant, as often as {na(l be necessary, upon the Confession of the Party, or on the Information of any credible Witness, upon Oath; and in case no sufficient Pllijefc can be found, such Justice or Justices shall issue a Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, for the f\pprehenfton of such Offender or Offenders, and shall commit such Offender or Offenders, when brought before him or them, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Division, Liberty, or Place wherein such Offence shall have been committed, there to rpmain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Term not exceeding Siy Calendar Months,' at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices; and stll Penalties and > Forfeitures by this Act imposed, if not hereby otherwise directed to be paid and applied, shall be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, and applied for the fame Purposes as the Rates and Taxes charged upon the said Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, are by this Act directed to be paid and applied.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Distref, not made by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed un- fcr

lawful, nor the Party or Parties making the lame be deemed a Tref- Form, passer or Trespassers, of Account of any Deleft or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties diffrain-ing, be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be done by him or them; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Cafe.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all such of the said Commissioners as are, or shall be Justices of the Peace, may act as Justices in all maya.tas Matters under the Authority of this Act, notwithstanding their being f

Commissioners as aforesaid; and that in all Cafes where any Parties, Wit- tms Ao. ° nesses, or other Persons, are to be heard or examined, by or before, or in the Presence of the said Commissioners, in any Matter or Thing relating to this Act, it shall be lawful for any One of the said Commission- commissionen ers to administer an Oath to, or take the Affirmations of such Parties, ',iai ad"Y' Witnesses, or Persons. ftcranOa.h.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Limitation of commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pur- A4*10"5, fuance of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Suit shall be intended to be brought; or after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months after the Fast committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid pr [brought in the said County of Norfolk, and not elsewhere; and the Pefipnidant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue, and if in Replevin, may justify and avow by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and may give this Act and the (pedal Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same, otherwise than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the Fast pict? P/r.J 3 T alledged

270

[Treble Costs.]

Saving Rights of Commissioners of Sewers.

The Rights of Bedjord Level Coi i»oration rcfervtd.

SavingRights of Lords of Manors.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

alledged in such Action or Suit to have been done, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been i'o done, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or after sufficient Satlffaction or Tender thereof shall have been made as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; and in such Case, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Suit or Suits, or if any Ver. dist shall pass against him, her, or them, upon a Demurrer or otherwise, then and in any of the said Cafes, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy as where Costs by Law are awarded.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to invalidate, lessen, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities, veiled in any Person or Persons whomsoever, by virtue of any Commission of Sewers for the County of Norfolk, but the same shall be and continue as full and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made, save and except such Rights, Powers, and Authorities as are in and by this Act expressly altered, restricted, or taken away.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend, to invalidate, lessen, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities, vested in the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Confeivators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Drainage of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, or by virtue of any other Act or Statute whatsoever; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue of the said Act of the Fifteenth of King Charles the Second, or of any other Act or Statute whatsoever, now are vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, and every of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made.

XLIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all such Right or Rights as are now veiled in any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors, Liberties, Hundred or Half Hundred, within his, her, or their respective Manor or Manors, Liberties, Hundred or Half Hundred, within or without the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, to Waifs, Estrays, Felons Goods, Privileges of Arrests, Escheats, and all Royalties not prejudicial to draining, shall be, and are hereby saved to them, their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

4*° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 271

[Publick Act.]

L. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed a publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

ilcifl to fciEloton j bf r > "rdl i ’ itbiwl

(ijib ri»i' ' ' '1

- ' -1 ' -----'-----

LONDON: Printed by Giorce Eyre and Akdrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

, jtiif HnslsG to ’rchnstoG eif ills. tc ni bus iv*

,--,d rbiriw lid .?floO sT'ytT tovo 01 l!rrt nvr.ttovA to i :. vuvA JkOtWnT

9-ir jvbJ 0 swd* 5 ,3lflt

ni gnirfli tft.jGtfl h-jiofina tsdrtt/l! li vf bnc syKwfs Hbhobffi IT

,3lKbiliv ni ol ,b- unra ol »td to ^asjxt lit. "k. >rfi

LrtK 3d H il/A bnc j.ijj ifncl etswcfl Itri yd fS.’d^iJI 3.it lo ytj, y^V7£ pd« *110)1 i*I in lo yinno'J sti?(fi x i tpZs, Tills! jslh'

ftA ,idi gjj j ns until ill Os o) d ns l!nl t.s 3in til' if

-orfinA 1 l>ns ,tw AX ihliJ iqssxs rri>/v)!i ,ibSOI 1133d tr

flat ,001; :ilfi ytibiqrj {d bill. U> ’t. , soil

V w

thA ' bs/ljsot tsrljtt i ij . 1 tip'ftns ftwli. 1 . bhrofl IIJV- IX

-/jiflnco w1 . Lrtsi. yjot ii?ifl bantEinoD 1 nisisd gn.dT v Vn. It,

di» if- /m* v'UW x. irfsi 1 [0 JOIA dhnimib ,n..iol aJibrltviii ui . till Jj

L* '!' r batly* oilhofbii A bn:. , 413*1u'i r t* ' frtiiqm,) iii lo yibnc/iitnoD

!>/» ,it.ri .«# fii^ sd: ni to , W«i V. >i\t A ballss ,»n»l 3/?i

oil 1c jfisY n i. 1 «./' i boficcf JiA ni. lo sulti/ yd ,iio?i islnoD v - Vi A Jhiduliiai ,bnoo*>3 orfj - vu,>i'j yniX "lo ii^hll

yd to ,lW3j ’'1 v <J t i SlAl \i Yi-irA 1'. Iwt ‘.JNttsrtCl rft itrd ,* TS'^ohEdw udsj2 t ftA isrfto vox To entity

st ' ftJYnn* e-b'io Jint.-r y'1 ("it , a/ c iiiioriluA bus cat3

MiO.iS r t -; v,r. tc ,b >di; > jrniirl io rfimuili 'i

-notcm .’"' bn* >.S . <rh m !; ? / tr wo t ,tarjoli;ii-j*

Jo \t»v& bn* ,8tu)£v tbl/To3 brr ,r*ilu:8 ion ivoO Lis! odi ni to fylr *oO bt£.' dl r>-t ‘ t'ts ,3tm'- ,nuirti 1 !*ni:!: isv tui> 1J«.-P ^nsils (tonavcO f d &«-) ni trrr »*. * > cue ,«H 'i*fl ,kmtov

etmtnl I'f t»l |tn ns yliol ?.u uteri; lo t. t w mojEvts) ..3 ban

if- r: - > hi 1 ui mU titii ,£3lac ui ba&

nfsifl lir . ‘ 3^ f ’Shrri*! Xi TX

20 aoibeJ to ybs.l ti Lto I t" b\ J yru a j tts djiH to

teid niiiii'v , L3th. i i' IkH to bstbnnH r T to nxM yas

llrH to bjtt ujFJ ,£trmri».I etonf.M to 10111.1/' , :i. -

t> ,*bnootG wad bnc abns.I ns i bisl trlj jitodtiv 1 b: ti

I!s brr t'ljssdnll ,2ftypA Jo esgtbvn*! febooO i 1; v 1. ! ebtV/

ri L' id yd3>')d ate Las ,sd Iljerst . tiniiith o) L. 5ibL;‘'v( 1 "i e >i))iiyoH

$A tub tu ^tdilT ^r.5; m?" .,noJ>soji^ , 1 ,u orij

jcjibnsJ «Jor lostjrft y.ttmn mt o. 1 «.s

tuA J

io itnoJ nonfcM

1^5 v: lii IIQJlvXiO

u-. A>iitwS a.; , r'i £A it :.....' ,bjui.: Las . v-rtmA ti od baA J wiIjo Lhjj -)i.r ? ,r bi/l i:: i c ffiA iuq fxtwoHa Ln« LsmssL

'’.7 v .1 »s 'loatsrfi? <joTI detail toii-v-'t fd»v9rl oit ,t!Kfii9*I

au>l arto gnibaslq ^lisia

. ’I/.JJT? VI." :?/. fcfl* .-T SO* lO I f ttlM tMOCTWOJ

ccEi .'jRajil-'i uHwxLl itori «V»n' ' vdi OJ

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 20.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, as rest rains the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal from taking Tonnage on Coals, Coak, Culm, Lime, or Lime-stone, upon a Part of the said Canal; and for authorizing the said Company of Proprietors to raise a Sum of Money to make up the Amount of their original Subscription j and for further amending the several Acts passed, relative to the making of the said Canal.

[15th April 1802.]

3Z

[Z>. & Per.]

WHEREAS

274

3J Geo. 3.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester; and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, certain Persons therein named, together with such other Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, as should be nominated and appointed in Manner therein mentioned, were united into One Body Corporate, by the Name and Stile of The Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal, and were authorized and empowered to make, complete, and maintain a Canal navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from and out of the River Severn, within the Liberties of the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to unite with the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and also to make, complete, and maintain several collateral navigable Cuts to branch from and out of the said Canal, as in the said Act mentioned; and the said Company of Proprietors were by the said Act authorized to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in such Proportions as they should think proper, a competent Sum of Money for making and completing the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and the Reservoirs, Feeders, Ways, Quays, Wharfs, and other Works and Conveniencies belonging or requisite thereto, not exceeding the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, except as therein is mentioned; and if the said Sum should be found insufficient for making and completing the said intended Canal and Collateral Cuts, and the other Works by the said Act authorized to be made, and all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, the said Company of Proprietors were by the said Act enabled to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in the Manner in the said Act mentioned, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds; and in case the said Company of Proprietors should be desirous of raising the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, or any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, in Addition to the said several Sums of Four hundred thousand Pounds and Fifty thousand Pounds, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, they were by Deed authorized to borrow and take up at Interest all or any Part of the said several Sums of Fifty thousand Pounds and Fifty thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the said Navigation and Undertaking, in Manner in the said Act mentioned; and the said Company of Proprietors were by the said Act authorized to take and receive, for the Use and Benefit of the said Company, the several Rates therein mentioned, for the Tonnage and Wharfage of all Coals, Stone, Timber, Merchandize, and other Goods, Matters, and Things whatsoever, which should be carried or conveyed upon any Part of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, or any of them; and it was thereby enacted, that none of the said Rates should be payable, demanded, or taken by virtue of the said Act, for or in respect of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel laden with Coal, Coak, Culm, Lime, or Limestone only, which might pass or be navigated along any Part of 1 t the

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

the said Canal between Pont Cyfyltee and the upper End of the Cegedog Valley, near Brumbo, in the County of Denbigh; provided such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel should pass or be navigated with the fame Lading Ten Miles at the lead along any other Part of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, or any of them, and should pay Tonnage after the Rates in the said Act mentioned for such Ten Miles at the lead, in respect of the fame Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, and the Lading therein: And whereas by 36 Geo. 3 an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act ‘ for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Severn ‘ at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey at or near

Netherpool, in the County of Cheder; and also for making and main-‘ taining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal; and for vary-

ing and altering certain Parts of the Whitchurch Line of the said Canal

and Collateral Cuts, and for extending the fame from Franckton Common ‘ to Sherry man’r Bridge, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the said County of Salop; and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Colla teral Cuts to communicate therewith’, the said Company of Proprietors were authorized to vary and alter the Line of the said Canal and Cuts between Franckton Common and Whitchurch, in the same Act mentioned, and to make, extend, and maintain several new Branches to communicate therewith; and the Powers given by the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were, by the said Act of the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, varied, enlarged,

and amended, in such Manner as therein mentioned: And whereas by a 36 Geo. certain other Act, made in the said Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Rivern Severn ‘ at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey at or near Ne-‘ therpool, in the County of Cheder; and also for making and maintaining ‘ certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal; and for varying and ‘ altering certain Parts of the Course of the said Canal and collateral Cuts

between Ruabon and Cheder, and for extending the fame; and for making

and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate

therewith,’ the said Company of Proprietors of the said Ellesmere Canal, were authorized and empowered to vary the Line of the said Canal and Cuts between Ruabon and the City of Chester, in the said Act mentioned, and to make, extend, and maintain several new Branches to communicate therewith, and the Powers given by the said herein-before recited Acts of the Thirty-third and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty were, by the said Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty now in Recital, extended, varied, enlarged, and amended,

in such Manner as therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act made in t Geo the Forty-fird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal, to extend the said Canalfrom the Whitchurch Branch thereof, at or near certain Water Corn Mills, called The New Mills, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to and to communicate with the Cheder Canal, in the

Township

276

4i.° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

Township of Stoke, in the Parish of A cion, in the County of Chester; and for altering ami amending the federal Alls passed for making and maintaining the said Eilefmere Canal; the said Company of Proprietors of the said Ellefmcrc Canal, were authorized and empowered to make and maintain a new Branch from the said Whitchurch Branch of the said Eilefmere Canal, or from the Place where the fame was intended to pass at or near certain Water Corn Mills, called The New Mills, in the Parish of Whit, church, in the County of Salop, to and to communicate with the said Chefcer Canal, in the Township of Stoke, in the Parish of A£lon, in the County of Chester, and the Powers given by the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the said Two several Acts of the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, extended to the said additional Branch of the said Canal, by the said last mentioned Act authorized to be made, maintained, and executed: And whereas the making and maintaining of that Part of the said Canal between Pont Cyfyftee and the upper End of the said Cegedog Valley, will be attended with a very considerable Expence, and it is reasonable that the said Company of Proprietors should, if they make and maintain the fame, be authorized to have, receive, and take the like Rates of Tonnage and Wharfage upon and on the Banks thereof, as they are by the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, authorized to take and receive in respect of Coals, Coak, Culm, Stone, Lime, Liineflone, Timber, Merchandize, and other Goods, Matters, and Things, which shall be carried and conveyed upon any other Part of the said Canal and the Collateral Cuts therein mentioned: And whereas Shares to a considerable Amount of the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, which was intended to have been originally subscribed by the said Company of Proprietors amongst themselves, for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, were reserved for the Land Owners through whose Lands the said Canal and Collateral Cuts were authorized to be made; some of which Land Owners have failed or declined to accept the Shares so reserved for them as aforesaid, or to pay the Calls or Subscriptions thereon, by reason whereof, and of the Insolvency of some other of the original Subscribers, the Amount of the present Stock of the said Company is reduced to Three hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, the greatest Part whereof hath been expended in the Prosecution of the said Undertaking, and in carrying the Powers of the said Act into Execution: And wheres the Whole of the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, intended to have been originally raised or contributed by the said Company of Proprietors amongst themselves, for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, will be necessary for the completing the said Canal, Collateral Cuts, and the several Works by the said several recited Acts authorized to be made and executed; and it will be convenient if the said Company of Proprietors be authorized and empowered to raise so much Money as shall be necessary to make up the Stock or Subscription of Four hundred thousand Pounds, so intended to have been originally raised or contributed for the Purposes of the said Undertaking as aforesaid, without resorting to the Powers in the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, for raifmgby

Contribution

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

Contribution amongst themselves, or by Mortgage of the said Navigation and Undertaking, the several additional Sums of Fifty thousand Pounds and Fifty thousand Pounds, in the said Act of the Thirty-thjrd Yeay of His present Majesty mentioned: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have, in pursuance of the said recited Acts, made and completed a considerable Part of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts; but it is found that the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts are in some Re-spefts defective, and it is requisite that the fame should be altered and amended: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Clause of Exemption contained in the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, whereby the said Company of Proprietors are re* strained from taking any Rates of Tonnage or Wharfage in respect of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel laden with Coal, Coak, Culm, Lime, or Limestone only, which may pass or be navigated along any Part of the said Canal between Pont Cyfyltee and the upper End of the Cegedog Valley near Brumbo, in the County of Denbigh, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the said Company of Proprietors shall have made and executed such last mentioned Part of the said Canal, or any Part thereof, they shall be authorized and empowered to have, receive, and take the like Rates of Tonnage and Wharfage upon or on the Banks thereof, in respect of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, and of any Coal, Coak, Culm, Lime, Limestone, and other Lading the rein, as they are by the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, authorized to take and receive in respect of Coals, Coak, Culm, Lime, Limestone, Timber, and other Goods, Matters, and Things, which shall be carried and conveyed upon any other Part of the said Canal and the Collateral Cuts therein mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, if they shall think fit, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to raise any such Sum or Sums of Money, as with the said Sum of Three hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as the said Company of Proprietors have been or shall hereafter be able to recover, shall make up the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, and also to raise any of the other Sums of Money which they are by the same Act authorized to raise or borrow, and take up at Interest as therein mentioned, either by such Ways or Means as they are already authorized in and by the said-recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by creating new or additional Shares, and disposing of the same to such Person or Persons, and at such Price or Prices, as to the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time seem meet and convenient; and that the respective Proprietors of any Shares which shall or may be created by virtue of this Act, shall be entitled to such and the fame Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, and be liable to such and the fame Restrictions, Penal-\Loc, (s' Per.] 4 A ties.

27?

The Exemption of Coal, &t. from Toi.n ge oil tint Hart of the Canal between Pont Cj~ filter and Brumbo, repealed.

The Company fui the r enabled to raise 00l.

278 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

ties, and Forfeitures, as if the fame were Part of the Shares already created; and the Admission of every Person to any such new Shares, by any Order or Resolution of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be good and effectual Titles to such Person or Persons, and his, her, or their respective Executors and Administrators, on his, her, or their Payment to the said Company of the Purchase Money or Price agreed upon for the fame: Provided always, that if the said Company or Proprietors shall think it most expedient to borrow such Sum or Sums of Money as last aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, by Promissory Notes under the Common Seal of the said Company, it shall and may be lawful for them so to do, and that such Notes shall be made payable in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, and with such legal oi Ids Rate of Interest, as the said Company shall think proper, and either with or without Power in the Holders of such Notes, to have an Option of being admitted to hold a Share in lieu of the Principal Money by each such Note to be secured, as the said Company shall think proper, the Particulars of such Options being at all Times expressed in the said Notes, and the Rates authorized to be taken, and which shall arile and be taken by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, and of this Act, shall be a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid with Iu-terest to the Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time be entitled to such Securities, and the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, the Form of which Securities, and the proper Registry and Entry thereof in the Company’s Books, shall from Time to Time be regulated and au-justed by the said Company as they shall think fit; and all Persons to whom any such Securities as aforesaid shall be given, shall be equally entitled to a Claim to or Lien on a Proportion of the said Rates, according to the respective Sums mentioned thereby to be advanced and secured, as if the lame were advanced on Mortgages or Assignments of the said Rates, in pursuance or by virtue of the said herein last before reciteJ Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of Iiispresent Majesty, and without any Preference by reason of the Priority of Date of any such Securities, or on any other Account whatsoever: Provided also, that railing or borrowing any Sum or Sums of Money in either of the said Ways last before mentioned, shall be determined upon at some (fated or special General Assembly or Assemblies of the said Company of Proprietors, to be convened and held in such Manner as any stated or special General Assemblies of the said Company of Propiiefors are by the said recited Acts or any of them, directed to be convened and held, and the Money which shall be raised and received by all or any of the Ways or Means aforesaid, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, in fmishing and completing the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and other the Works and Conveniencies by the said Acts authorized to be made and executed, or for such other Purposes of the said Undertaking as the said Company of Proprietors, or their General or other Committees, shall think fit.

Directing the HI. And be it further enacted, That every such Share and Shares to "o h/num- be created or held under or by the Authority of this Act, shall be numbered. hexed

279

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

bered, and the Names and proper Additions of the respective Persons entitled thereto, and the respective Numbers of such Shares shall be entered in a Book, and Tickets or Instruments, with the Common Seal of the said Company affixed thereto, shall be delivered to each Proprietor or Owner of such Share* respectively, in the like Manner and Form as is directed or appointed in and by the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, with respect to the original Shares in the said Navigation and Undertaking; and every such Proprietor or Owner of such Share and Shares to be created or held as aforesaid, shall Hand and be interested in all the Profits of the said Navigation, in Proportion to the Quantity of such Shares respectively, which each Proprietor or Owner may have or be entitled unto, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Share and Shares had been an original Share and original Shares in the said Navigation and Undertaking; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any of them contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may Mortgareei be lawful for any Person or Persons who may be entitled to any Mort- ^r Mortgage or Mortgages which may be hereafter made or executed of the gases in the said Undertaking, and to the Principal Money and Interest due thereon,

and from whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall become due and "r Notei,.' payable to the said Company of Proprietors, by reason of such Person or Pei fens agreeing to become a Purchaser or Pure'nafers of any new or additional Share or Shares which may be created, or of any Pro-milfory Note or Notes under the Common Seal of the said Company, which may be issued under the Authority of this Act, to offer and tender such Mortgage or Mortgages, so far as the Amount of the Money due thereon will extend, in and towards the Payment of the Price of such new or additional Share or Shares, or Note or Notes respectively, which Offer and Tender the said Company are hereby required to accept as such Payment; or in case the Amount of the Money to be due on such Mortgage or Mortgages shall be more than the Price to be paid for such new or additional Share or Shares, or Note or Notes respectively as aforesaid, then and in such last mentioned Cafe, the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons entitled to such Mortgage or Mortgages for so much of his, her, or their Mortgage Money as shall amount to the Price of such new or additional Share or Shares, or Note or Notes respectively, shall on Delivery thereof to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Company of Proprietors, be and shall be accepted and taken by the said Company of Proprietors, as the Payment of the Purchase Money for such new or additional Share or Shares, or Note or Notes respectively as aforesaid, and that such Treasureror Treasurers shall indorse on such last mentioned Mortgage or Mortgages, a Memorandum or Memorandums,

Hating how much of such Mortgage or Mortgages has or have been so discharged.

V. And whereas in and by the said recited Act of the Thirty-third MoneyariGng

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is enacted, that the Shares ja°"10tfh|h. ,t.

forfeited, &c.

28o

Company cm.

} W r tl tt> rc ft-Jl Land on Chief Rei.ts or abfo-luitiy.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

in the said Undertaking which shall become forfeited in Manner therein mentioned, should be vested in the said Company of Proprietors, in Trust for and for the Benefit of all the Rest of the said Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Intereils in the said Navigation, or should, at the Discretion of the stated or Special General Assemblies, be publickly fold for the Use of the Rest of the said Proprietors, whose Shares and Intereils should not have been forfeited: And whereas it would be more beneficial to the Interests of the said Company of Proprietors, if the Money to be raised by the Sale of such forfeited Share or Shares as aforesaid, was to be applied to the finishing and completing the said Canal, Collateral Cuts, and other Works by the said recited Acts authorized to be made, or in discharging the Debts of the said Company of Proprietors; be it therefore further enacted, That all the Money to be raised by the Sale of all and every Share and Shares in the said Undertaking, already forfeited or hereafter to become forfeited, shall be and the fame is hereby directed to be applied in and towards the finishing and completing of the said Canal, Collateral Cuts, and other Works by the said Acts authorized to be made, or in discharging the Debts of the said Company of Proprietors.

VI. And whereas, in order to carry into Effect the Purposes of the said recited Acts, and to avoid Disputes with the Owners of Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, which are or may be affected by making the said Canal, Collateral Cuts, and other Works, the said Company of Proprietors have already purchased, and may also hereafter purchase Lands and Buildings, fonie Part or Parts whereof may not be necessary to be made Use of for the Purposes of the said Navigation and Works authorized to be made or executed by the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture under their Common Seal to grant and convey in Fee Farm, such Part or Parts of the Lands or Buildings as have been or as shall hereafter be so purchased by and conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, and as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of the said Navigation and Works; and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the said Lands and Premises as and for a Way or Ways, Street or Streets, Avenue or Avenues, Passage or Passages; and that it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture under their Common Seal to grant and convey by Way of absolute Sale, for a Consideration in Money, in the Manner and Form by the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed, in respect to the Sale by Land Owners of small Parcels of Land, which might be separated so as to render the Occupation thereofinconvenient, or in such other Manner and Form as the said Company of Proprietors shall think fit, such Part or Parts of the Lands or Buildings as may have been so purchased by and conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors, or as shall be so purchased by and conveyed to them as aforesaid, and as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of the said Navigation and Wotks; and that all such Grants in Fee Farm, and Conveyances from the said Company of Proprietor;, shall be valid and effectual, any Thing in the

28i

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

said recited Acts, or any other Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales of i'uch Lands or Premises, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors, to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be fold; which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which such Lands or Premises shall be so fold, or for i'o much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be received; and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Losses, Misapplication, or Non-application of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof.

VII. Provided always, That the said Company of Proprietors, before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands or Buildings, shall first offer to resell the lame to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Lands or Buildings; and in case such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to repurchase the fame, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Lands or Buildings shall lie, by forne Person or Persons no way interested in the said Lands or Buildings, Hating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Grants, Demises, and Conveyances hereafter to be made by the said Company of Proprietors, under or by virtue and in pursuance of the fevered Powers and Authorities to them hereby given, the Words Grant and Release, shall amount to, and be construed and adjudged in all Courts off Judicature to be express ( ovenants to the Grantee, Lessee, or other Purchaser, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the said Company of Proprietors, for themselves and their Successors, that they the said Company of Proprietors, notwithstanding any Act done by them, were, at the Time of the Execution of such Grant, I.ease, or other Conveyance respectively, seised of the Hereditaments, Rents, and Premises thereby granted, bargained, and fold, of an indefeasible Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances, for quiet Enjoyment thereof against the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, and all claiming under them, and either indemnified and saved harmlels by the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, from any yearly Rents or annual Sums which may have been reserved or made payable by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, for and in respect of the said Lands and Buildings so purchased

f Loc. & Per.] 4 B and

Before they fell such Land, they Hi all offer to re*.fet1 fame to the Person from whom they shall have pure haled it.

The Words Grant and Release, in Conve> ances and Releases, etc. from the Company, to operate as Covenant; for the Title.

282 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

and conveyed, or which may hereafter be purchased and conveyed by them as aforesaid, or otherwise subject to such yearly Rents or annual Sums, or any of them, or any Part thereof, as may be expressed in any such Grant, Lease, or other Conveyance, and also for further Assurance of such Hereditaments, Rents, and Premises thereby bargained and fold, to be made by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, and all claiming under them, unless the same shall be retrained and limited by express particular Words contained in such Grants, Demises, or other Conveyances, or any of them; and that such Grantees, Lessees, or other Purchasers, and his, her, and their several Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall and may, in any Action or Actions to be brought, assign a Breach or Breaches thereupon, as they might do in case such Covenants were inserted in such Grants, Demises, or Conveyances respectively.

Kentfand ke ^urr^er enacted, That all and every the yearly Rents

Pure bate Mo- which shall be reserved and made payable to the said Company of Pro-1,cy- prietors, upon any such Grant as aforesaid, and also all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be had, received, and taken by the said Company of Proprietors, as the Consideration of any such absolute Sale as aforesaid, shall be paid and applied in the First Place in Satisfaction and Discharge of the yearly Rents or annual Sums to be so respectively reserved or limited, and made payable for and in respect of the Lands or Grounds so purchased and conveyed, and to be purchased and conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors; and in the next Place shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, in such and the like’Manner as the Rates, Tolls, and Duties arising or to arifa from the said Canal, Cut, and Railways, are by the said recited Acts and this Act directed to be paid, applied, and disposed of.

Where the X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where in making the (ompanyt^ke fa‘lcj Canal, Cut, and Railways, there has been or shall be Occasion to of\yaile"101' cut through, take, or use any Part of any Common or Wade Ground Ground, for the Purpose of the said Canal, Cut, and Railways, and the Works to them by the thereof, or of any Road or Roads thereto, the Conveyance of such Part turd of the of such Common or Waste Ground by the Lord or Lady, Lords or La-iutHcient? d‘es of Manor to which such Common or Waste Ground shall be ap-

purtenant, or in case such Common or Waste Ground shall not be within any Manor or Lordship, or if there shall not be any Lord or Lady of such Manor or Lordship competent to convey the fame, then the Conveyance of the said Common or Waste Ground by any Two or more principal Land Owners entitled to a Right of Common on the fame, shall be a good and sufficient Conveyance to the said Company of Proprietors for the Purpose of vesting in them the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, as fully and effectually as if every Person having Right of Common upon such Commons or Waste Grounds, had joined in and executed such Conveyance; and that the Compensation to be paid for any Right of Common upon any such Commons or Waste Grounds as aforesaid, shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors to the Overseers

of

283

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

of the Poor of the respective Townships, Hamlets, or Places wherein such Commons or Waste Grounds lie, and shall be by such Overseers received and applied in Aid of the Poors Rates within such Townships, Hamlets, or Plades; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas Doubts have arisen, and Disputes may happen be- Explaining

tween the said Company of Proprietors and the Surveyors and other 3J

Persons interested in the Repairs of the Roads upon or over the Ap- to Repair of proaches to Bridges over the said Canal, Cut, or Railways, respecting [a

such Repairs; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the Badges. palTing of this Act, the said Company of Proprietors shall not be liable

to repair or amend any Part of the Roads over the Approaches to any of the Bridges made or to be made over the said Canal, Collateral Cuts, or any Railways to be made by virtue of the said Acts or any of them, after the Roads over such Approaches shall have been made and put into good and durable Repair by the said Company of Proprietors, any Thing in the said recited Acts or in this Act contained, or any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exonerate the said Company of Proprietors from the future Repairs of the Bridges, and the Wing Walls,

Ramparts, and Side Banks thereof, and the Banks supporting the Approaches thereto.

XII. And whereas the said Company of Proprietors are authorized where the and empowered in and by the said reciced Acts to divert, alter, widen, enlarge, and extend any Bridges, Ways, Roads, and Passages, as well for pew Roa-is, the carrying and conveying of Stones, Coals, Minerals, Goods, Wares, theoiiRnnes Merchandize, and other Articles, to and from the said Canal and Col- ,°e Con^any, lateral Cuts, or any of them, as for the carrying and conveying of all £?-

Manner of Materials necessary for the making, erecting, finishing, altering, repairing, maintaining, amending, widening, or enlarging the said

Canal, Cut, and Railways, or Roads, and the Works of or belonging to the said Navigation, or which may be useful for any Purposes thereof; and the said Company of Proprietors have diverted and altered certain Ways, Roads, and Passages, and may hereafter divert and alter other Ways, Roads, and Passages, in pursuance and Execution of the said recited Powers, and have purchased and may hereafter purchase Lands and Grounds for that Purpose, and by Means thereof the Ways, Roads, or Passages so diverted and altered already, are or hereafter may become unnecessary; be it therefore further enacted, That when such new Ways,

Roads, and Passages, shall be completed and finished, any Two or more Justices of the Peace for any County where such Road or Roads have been or may be diverted or altered as aforesaid, may upon a View declare the fame by Certificate under their Hands, which Certificate shall be inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein the said Ways, Roads, and Passages so diverted and altered shall respectively lie; and after the inrolling of such Certificate the Part of such old Way, Road, and Passage, shall be and become verted in Fee Simple in the said Company

284

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

of Proprietors, with full Power for them to sell or dispose of the fame, and the Land conllituting the new Way, Road, or Passage, shall from thenceforth for ever be and be deemed a publick or private Highway, Road, or Passage (as the Case may be), and shall be veiled in or belong to such Person or Persons, and be subject and liable to such and the fame Laws, Rules, and Regulations in every Respect as the old Way, Road, or Passage, so diverted and altered, now is or shall have been immediately previous to such Diversion or Alteration subject and liable.

XIII. And whereas in and by the Paid recited Act of the Thirty-third ihotizv Swivel Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, if any Swivel Bridge cr Draw B*i *?' Bridge shall be laid over or across the said Canal or Collateral Cuts, or Hs'lhuVafter ° any other Cuts, Trenches, or Passages to be made by virtue of the fame Vefiiis have Act, except such Bridges as might be made for the private Use of Occupiers of Lands, all or any Person or Persons opening any such Swivel Bridge or Draw Bridge, is and are required and directed, so soon as any Vessel shall have passed any such Bridge, to shut and fatten the fame: And whereas it is and may be in some Cafes found inconvenient, and unne-ceflary and prejudicial to the Navigation and Trade upon the said Canal and Cuts, and may occasion Damages to such Bridges, for every Person opening such Swivel Bridges or Draw Bridges as aforesaid to shut and fallen the fame, so soon as any Vessel has passed such Bridge or Bridges, and it is and may be found that the leaving open such Bridges will not, in some Instances, if proper Means be used to prevent it, be inconvenient to the Publick, or to the Owners of the Lands or Grounds with which the said Bridges communicate; be it therefore further enacted, That for and notwithstanding any Clause, Matter, or Thing, in the said last mentioned Act contained, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Five or more of the Cotnmiffiofters appointed in and by the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and who may be assembled at any Meeting or Meetings of the fame CotnmifEoners, to be held in pursuance of the said Act, by any Order or Writing under the Hands of any such Five or more Commissioners, to authorize and empower the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, and all and every Person and Persons navigating or passing with any Boat or Vessel upon the said Canal or Collateral Cuts, and opening any such Swivel Bridge or Draw Bridge, which the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion may be left open without Inconvenience to the Publick, or such Owners of Lands or Grounds as aforesaid, without Hunting or fallening the fame, so soon as any Boat or other Vessel may have passed the fame, under fich Restrictions and Regulations as to the said Commissioners making such Order Ural I seem meet; but so nevertheless that the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required to affix, set up, and maintain a Chain, or a Gate, or Bar, across every Highway on each Side of any such Swivel Bridge and Draw Bridge which may be so left open as aforesaid, and also to affix a Chain to each such Swivel Bridge and Draw Bridge, so as to extend across the Bottom of the Canal or Cut to the opposite Bank, and be affixed to such opposite Bank, to enable any Person

285

42° CrEORGll III. Cap. 20.

Person or Persons to shut such Swivel Bridges and Draw Bridges when necessary.

XIV. And whereas Steam Engines are become of great Use for Toauthoiizt various Purposes, and as such Engines consume considerable Chian- waferVrotn^ tities of Coals, they may, by the Rates which will be payable for caraiforcon-such Coals, tend to promote the Interests of the said Undertaking,

but the said Engines can only be made Use of where cold Water Engii.es. can be obtained to condense the Steam, on which Account, as well as for the better Supply of the fame with Coals, it may be convenient to erect such Steam Engines as near as may be to the said Navigation; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Owners of any Lands near the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, or any of them, with the Consent of the said Company of Proprietors, or their General Committee for the Time being, to make a Communication between the Water therein and any Steam Engine or Engines, by Means of One or more Metal Pipe or Pipes of sufficient Strength or Thick-ness, and so constructed as to prevent any Leakage or Walk of Water, and to draw from the said Canal or Cuts such Quantities of Water as shall be sufficient to supply the said Engine or Engines with cold Water, for the sole Purpose of condensing the Steam used for Working any such Engines as aforesaid: Provided always, that the Proprietor of every such Engine shall return to the said Canal or Cut, in every Day on which he shall use such Engine, a Quantity of Water on the fame Level on which it shall be taken, equal to the Quantity so taken in every such Day from the said Canal or Cuts, the inevitable Waste thereof by condensing such Steam only excepted, so that no Obflruc-tion shall arise therefrom to the said Navigation: Provided also, that such Water so taken shall be applied to the working of the said Engine, and to no other Use or Purpose; and thac every Person laying any Pipe in the said Canal or Cuts for such Purpose, shall make good the Bank thereof, and repair at his own proper Costs and Charges all such other Damages as may arise from the laying in of such Pipe, in such Manner and at such Times as shall cause as little Let, Hindrance, or Molestation, as may be to the said Navigation, or to the Persons using the fame; and if any Dispute shall arise between the said Company of Proprietors or the said Committee, and any Person who shall be permitted to take Water out of the said Canal or Cuts or any of them, for the Purposes of any such Engine, or who shall be in the Use of taking the fame therefrom, such Dispute shall be finally settled and determined in such Manner as other Disputes are by the said recited Acts directed to be settled and determined.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of ob- Expences of taining and passing this Act, and all other Costs, Charges, and Ex- Att'howSt»'be pences concerning the same shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the paid.

said Company of Proprietors, by and out of the Money already received, and the First Money that shall come to their Hands by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act.

4 C

rLot. Csf Per.]

286

[Publick Act.]

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, and taken to be a publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons are hereby required to take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 21.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of BarnJIey Co??i-mon in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross, and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh, to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for Two hundred Yards over and beyond the fame Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthorne in the said County.

[15th April 1802.]

4 D

ILoc. €s? Per.2

WHEREAS

290

32 Geo a.

18 Geo. 3-

Money due on the Credit of Tolls.

Terms and

Powers of former Acts enlarged.

Additional Trustees.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross, and also the Read from the Guide Post in Barugh, to a Rivulet called Bar ugh Brook, and from thence for Two hundred Yards over and beyond the fame Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthorne in the said County, whereby certain Tolls and Powers were granted for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Roads: And whereas an Act was passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and have, for that Purpose, borrowed a considerable Sum of Money; which is (till due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlareed, and the Tolls increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the several Authorities, Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Penalties, Regulations, Matters, and Things therein contained 'except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also except such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and are hereby further continued, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Provifmns, Amendments, and Alterations h rein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect from the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due, or that shall hereafter become due, on the Credit of the said former Acts and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That Thomas Richard Beaumont, John Bond, William Brown Clerk, Richard Beatfon, Joseph Beckett, John Bing-ley, Charles Bowns, John Bell, John Bayldon of Carlton, Robert Bayley, Jonas Clarke, Henry Clarke, James Cockfhutt, John Carr, John Clarke of New Laiths, Jeremiah Dixon Clerk, Richard Dcannan, Hugh Dancer, Elihu Dickinson Tanner, William Elmhurst, Francis Offiey Edmunds, Robert Ellerly Clerk, William Elmfall, John Firth, William Garlick, William Garlick the younger, Richard Greaves, John Goodair Clerk, Richard Gill of Swithen, Richard Gill of Notton, James Hindle, Roger Hodgson Clerk, John Hardy, Thomas Hardy, John Lon:fdale Clerk, John Lind Icy, Charles Long, James Milnes, John Milnes, Richard Milnes, William Milnes, John Miiklcthwait, John Moor, Charles My.rjkall, John Naylor, Samuel Oxley Doctor of Physic, William Parker, John Pickering of Redbrough, John

Rickies

42° GEORGII III. Cap.'ll. 291

Pickles Clerk, Richard Pickering, John Pickering the younger, Richard Perkins, John Perkins, William Raylton Clerk, James Rhodes, William Rayner, Sir Edward Smith Baronet, Walter Spencer Stanhope, John Smith Clerk, Joseph Shaw, Daniel Smalpage, William Shaklcton, Charles Stringer, John Scholefeld, Joshua Scholefeld, John Tinker, Samuel 7 horp,

Edward Taylor, the Honourable James Archibald Stuart Wortley, Godfrey Wentworth Wentworth, William Wood Clerk, Thomas West, Thomas WorJf-worth, Thomas Walker, John Woollin, William Whittaker, Elias Wright, and Waller Vavafour, shall be and are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said former Acts or either of them, for putting the said Acts and this Act in Execution; and the Trustees hereby nominated, and their Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said fird recited Act, are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed by or elected in pursuance of the said former Acts or either of them.

III. And whereas the Tolls in and by the said recited Acts authorized to Former Tolls be taken have been found insufficient, be it therefore enacted, That the ,*l£ontsan<i fame shall be and are hereby repealed, and indead thereof, the following granted.

Tolls shall be demanded and taken, videlicet;

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Phaeton, Chaise, Curricle, Hearse, Calalh. or Chaise-Marine, drawn by Six Horses or other Beads, the Sum of Five Shillings and Four-pence; and drawn by Four Horses or other Beads, the Sum of Four Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beads, the Sum of Two Shillings; and for every Chaise or Chair drawn by Two Horses or other Beads, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead, the Sum of One Shilling

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, or by Two Oxen and no more, the Sum of Eight-pence

And when and as often as any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, having Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, shall be drawn by more than One Horse or other Bead of Draught, or by more than Two Oxen, then for every Horse or other Bead of Draught and Pair of Oxen so respectively drawing the rein, the Sum of One Shilling

And when and so often as any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, having Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, shall be drawn by more than One Horse or other Bead of Draught, or by more than Two Oxen, then for every Horse or other Bead of Draught and Pair of Oxen so respectively drawing, the Sum of Eight-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Three-pence

For every Pair of Mill Stones, if drawn in Pairs, the Sum of Four Shillings

For every single Mill Stone or Block of Stone, drawn by Five or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shilling and Four-pence

For

292 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings and One Penny by the Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number; and

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence by che Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which Laid several Tolls herein-before mentioned shall bevelled in the said Trustees; and the fame and every Part thereof shall and may be demanded, collected, taken, lessened, levied, recovered, applied, and disposed of, in the same Manner, in all Respects, and by the fame Ways and Means, as the Tolls granted by the said former Acts are therein directed to be demanded, collected, taken, lessened, levied, recovered, applied, and disposed of.

Volunteer

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall emoted when ^emanc^e<^ OT taken for the Horses of any Volunteer Corps or Ca-goingC to'train valiy, going to or returning from any Place or Places, where they shall or txercife. be commanded to assemble for the Purpose of Training or Exercise.

Power to V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or

<(r.ert more of them, shall be and are hereby fully empowered, from Time to Time, to widen, divert, turn, vary, and alter the Course or Path of any Part or Paris of the said Roads, through any Common or Waste Ground, without making Satisfaction for the fame, and also through any private Grounds or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may sustain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in such and the same Manner, and by and with the fame Powers and Provisions, as are given and granted in and by the said first recited Act, for the Purchase or Recompence to be paid and made for Lands and Hereditaments taken and made Ule of for the Purpose therein mentioned, to treat, contraCl, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain, by the making, widening, diverting, turning, varying, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such private Lands and Hereditaments.

Ap?’i'ation

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed ot compen- or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, whenamouct- ta^en> or "fed by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this ing to 200l.’ Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account exp.rte the Trustees, for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the laiddourt, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to

3 lhc

293

4-2° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons unaer Disabifity or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be Iefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being-entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their vespect'ive Hands, be paid info the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant denerai of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far av the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to

\Loc. £s? P#r.] 4 E the

Application when the Compensatio* Money is less than 2001. and more than 20 /

Application where the Money is left than 20

294

Trustef* may call Special Mrrtings, giving Notice.

No Order of Trustees le-yoked but at a Meeting held for that Purpose.

Penalty on Persons 'ragging Ti-uber or S.one, (zc

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time be thought necessary by the said Trustees that there should be an earlier Day for Meeting, for transacting any Business respecting the said Roads, than the Day appointed by the lait Adjournment of the Trustees, the Clerk to the said Trustees, by an Order in Writing, signed by Five or more of them for that Purpose, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of the Meeting, shall forthwith affix a Notice of such Meeting upon all the Turnpikes then Itanding upon the said Roads, and shall also publish the fame in some Newspaper printed and circulated in the Neighbourhood thereof. Six Days at the lealt before such Meeting; and the Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings which shall be had in consequence thereof, shall be as valid and effectual in the Law as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held by Adjournment.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by the Trustees for the said Roads, or any of them, at any of their Meetings, shall be revoked or altered, unless at some Meeting to be held for that Purpose, (of which Notice shall be affixed upon all the Toll Gates erected upon the said Roads, and also given by Advertisement in some Newspaper printed or circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Reads, at lealt Six Days before such Meeting, fighifying the Occasion thereof), and unless a greater Number of Trustees shall attend at such Meeting, to revoke and alter such Order, than were present when the fame was made, and such Number never being less than Nine.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person shall hale or draw or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone which shall be carried upon Wheel Carriage to drag upon any Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof respectively; and if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or other Beall of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Roads or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice or Annoyance thereof, or of Persons travelling thereon; every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, to be levied and recovered as any other Penalties or Forfeitures are directed by this Act to be levied and recovered; and any Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer appointed to put the said former Acts and this Act into Execution, or any other Person seeing such

2 Offence

29S

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Offence committed, and the Offender refilling to declare his or her Name and Place of Abode, may, and is hereby empowered by virtue of this Act, and without any Warrant, to seize such Offender, and to convey him or her before some Justice of the Peace for the said West Riding of the County of York, who is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Offence in a summary Wav, and to make such Order therein as to such Justice shall seem proper.

XII. And whereas Offences may be committed against the said former Forfecurin| Aids and this Act, by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or fenders' U'" other Officers appointed to put the lame in Execution; be it therefore en-

acted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them, before any Justice of the Peace of the County, and near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons (0 offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty Sessions to be holden within and for the West Riding of the County of York, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Petty Sessions, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties, Forfeitures, Penalties i-ow and Fines inflicted or authorized to be imposed by virtue of the said re- 10 be levied, cited Acts and this Act, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before

any One Justice of the Peace of the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, or any One Justice of the Peace of the County or Place wherein the Offender shall reftde, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward), shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice is hereby empowered to grant for those Purposes); and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recovered and deduded,

shall be returned upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or recovered, shall be from Time to Time paid, Half to the Informer, and Half to any Five or more of the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Clerk, and applied in the Repair of the said Roads; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

296

No Preference to be given to former Creditors.

Trustees may rail in and cancel former Mortgages.

For paying Expences of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

Term of the Act,

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 21,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who have heretofore advanced or lent 'any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, or who shall at any Time hereafter advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, Creditors in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference with respect to the Priority of advancing any such Sum or Sums of Money; and that in case any Creditor or Creditors shall, by Ejedlment or any other Course of Law, recover or get Possession of any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates eredtec! or to be erected upon the said Roads, he and they shall be deemed to hold the fame in Trust, in the First Place, for the keeping the said Roads in Repair, and then for the Benefit of himself, themselves, and all other the Creditors or Mortgagees in respect of the said Roads in equal Degree, and shall account for and pay all Money which he and they shall so receive amongst all the said Creditors or Mortgagees, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money advanced on the Credit of the said Roads.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, if they shall see it reasonable or convenient, call in and cancel all or any of the present Mortgages of the Tolls of the said Roads, now standing out and made by virtue of the said former Acts or either of them, and give and execute a fresh Mortgage or fresh Mortgages in lieu thereof respectively; which said Mortgage or Mortgages to be made for securing any Sum or Sums of Money to be hereafter borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall be made and transferred in Manner as by the said former Acts is directed concerning Mortgages.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, out of the Monies which have arisen or shall arise by virtue of the said former Acts and this Act, pay and discharge all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, in Preference to any other Payment whatsoever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Justices and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, shall, upon the jailing hereof, cease and determine; and that the said Acts and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*4He*M

Cap. ii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the ParilK of Runham> in the County of Norfolk.

[i 5th April 1802.]

WHEREAS, there are within the Parish of Runbam, in the County of Norfolk, certain Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds: And whereas John Worship Esquire, is or claims to be Lord of the Manor of Runbam Cleres: And where S the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Ely, in Right of his See, is Appropriator of the Rectory of Runbam aforesaid, and as such is entitled to the Great or Re&orial Tythes arising, renewing, and increasing within the said Parish of Runbamand Edward Browne Esquire, is the Lessee thereof; and the said Lord Bishop of Ely, in Right of his said See, is Patron of the Vicarage of Runbam aforesaid; and Eli Morgan Price Clerk, is the Vicar thereof, and as such is entitled to certain Glebe Lands situate within the said Parish of Runbam, and as such Vicar is also entitled to the Small Tythes arising, renewing, or increasing within the said Parish: And whereas the said John Worship, Edward Brown, and Thomas Anson, Esquires, Arthur IVomack, and divers other Persons respectively, are Owners and Proprietors of all the Messuages, [Lot. (A Perl} 4 F Cottages,

298

General Commissioners.

Election of new Commissioners.

Notice of Meetings.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate within the said Parish of Runham: And whereas the said Marsh and Fen Lands, and the greater Part of the f.rid Commons and Waste Grounds, are frequently overflowed with Water, and in their present State and Condition, for Want of a sufficient Drainage, yield but little Profit to the several Persons interested therein: And whereas it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested in the Premises, if the Rights of Common, and other Rights at present existing over the said Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds were extinguished, and if the said Open Fields, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Efl-ta;es. Rights, and Interests, and if such Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds were drained; but as such Extinguishment, Allotment, and Drainage, cannot be made and effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Robert Cory and William Steward, both of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, Gentlemen, and James Boyce, of the City of Norwich, Gentleman, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed General Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the said Open Fields, Marsh Lands, FenS, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and for draining certain Parts thereof, and for carrying this Act into Execution; and that all Acts, Matters, and Things authorized or necessary to be done and executed by the said General Commissioners, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the same shall be as valid and effectual as if such Acts, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all the General Commissioners herein nominated or appointed.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said General Commissioners shall die, or refuse or become incapable to act in the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in him or them, before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said General Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for the remaining or surviving general Commissioner or Commissioners, and he and they is and are hereby required, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, from Time to Time within Thirty Days after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity of any such General Commissioner shall be known to him or them, to appoint another Person (not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure), to be a General Commissioner in the Room or Stead, of every such General Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable to act; and every General Commissioner so to be appointed as aforesaid shall, after taking the Oath prescribed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying this Act into Execution, as if he had been originally nominated a General Commissioner in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to cause Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of their First and every other Meeting for the Execution of this Act, to be inserted in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in some otlur Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 22. 299

6f Norfolk, Eight Days at least before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by the said General Commissioners, not more than One of the said General Commissioners shall attend, the General Commissioner so attending may adjourn such Meeting to such Time and Place, within Eight Miles of the said Parish of kunham, as shall be by him deemed most convenient.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all other Notices ne- other Notice* cessary or requisite to be made and given by the said General Commis- tobeSlven* sioners, shall be so made and given by Advertisement in the said Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in case neither of them shall be then published, then in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Norfolk.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which at any £efp«aing Time within Twenty Years now last pafl have been made upon the ments. said Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, shall be deemed Part thereof,

and shall be divided and allotted accordingly; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arile touching any Encroachment, or the Extent thereof, such Dispute shall be finally determined by the said General Commissioners.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in order to lhorten the Boundary Forfhortcn-Fences between the said Parish of Runbam and the adjoining Parishes, it Fence°.un * shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners (with the Consent in Writing under the Hand of the Lord of the Manor, and the Hands of the major Part in Value of the Land Owners in any Parish interested in any Commons or Waste Grounds adjoining to the said Parish of Runbam, and also under the Hand or Hands of the Owner or Owners of any adjoining Lands upon which such Fence or Fences are intended to be made), to set out, ascertain, and determine the Boundary Fences to be made between the said Fens, Commons, and Walle Grounds, and the other Lands adjoining to the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and enclosed, in such Manner as they shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundary Fences shall be set out, ascertained, and determined as aforesaid, the same shall be fenced by such Person or Persons, in such Manner, and at Inch Time or Times, as the said General Commissioners shall order and direct in and by their Award, and shall be for ever thereafter deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said Parish of Runbam and such adjoining Parish or Parishes; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall Coman'flion. arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in Dispute'! '3 the said Division and Allotment, touching or concerning the Right to the

Soil of the said Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or touching or concerning the respective Rights and Inte-relts which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the fame, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Allotment, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to

esquire

3©o

Powers to aC. ids Ccftt.

Power to try Rights by an Issue at Law.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

esquire inro, hear, and finally determine the fame} save and except as is

herein-after mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said General Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this Act, fee cause to award any Colls, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, afifels, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any Determination of the said General Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons lb neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said General Commissioners, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds herein directed to be divided, allotted, and enilofed, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter (o determined by the said General Commissioners, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Norfolk-, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said General Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought, upon a feigned Issue, against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said General Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorny or Atcornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever. Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, unless the Courts wherein such Action or Actions

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 22< 301

Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful to and for the said Court to do in case the said Court shall think proper; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not (et aside by the Court, the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Ciaim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials.

X. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or General Combe construed to extend, so as to authorize the said General Commissioners [determine1 to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- Titles, taments whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Suits shall be com- Suits respea. menced or prosecuted toothing or concerning the Title of any Person or to£deUytthe°t Pt-rfons in or to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Execution of whatsoever, for or in respect of which any Right of Common, or other tllls AlS' Right or Inttreft in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby di-

reeled to be divided, allotted, and endofed, or any Part thereof, shall be claimed, such Suit or Suits shall not impede, delay, or hinder the said General Commissioners from proceeding in the Execution of the Powers verted in them by this Act, but the said Division and Allotments shall be proceeded in notwithstanding such Suit or Suits, and may be had and taken by the Person or Persons who, upon the Determination of such Suit or Suits, shall become entitled to the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners Drainage shall and they are hereby authorized and required, by such Agents, Work- clau(*‘ men, and Labourers as they shall think fit to employ, to make and erect

all such Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works, in, through, over, and upon the Marsh Grounds, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, as they the said General Commissioners shall judge proper and expedient for effectually draining all or such Parts of the said Lands and Grounds as in their Opinion shall require to be drained, and to purchase any Mill or Mills, or other Works for that Purpose, and to erect such H< uses or other Buildings for the Habitation of the Person or Persons who shall have the Care or Superintendance of the said Works of Drainage, or any of them, or for depositing Stores or Materials necessary for the making or maintaining of such Works, as they the said General Commissioners shall think proper; and also to make a Dyke through any Part of the said Lands and Grounds, to the common River adjoining thereto, to be ul'ed as a common or publick Boat Dyke by the Owners and Occupiers of Ertates within the said Parish of Runbam for the Time being, for the Conveyancer f Corn, Manure, and other Things to and from the said River-, and that the Card General Commissioncis (fall set out and alloc unro the Commissioners for Drainage herein after appointed, the Drabs, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engmrs, Bridges, and other Works,

Houses, Buildings, and Boat Dyke (o to be made and ertfled, or purchased by them, and such Parts or the said Lane's and Grounds to be drained by them by virtue of th’S Act, as they shall think proper for the maintaining or preserving of the fame, and also a Piece or Pieces of [Lee. & Per,] 4 G Ground

302 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Ground adjoining to the fair) Boat Dyke, to be used as a publick Staith or publick Staithes by the Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the said Parish of Runbam for the Time being, for the laying and depositing thereon the Corn, Manure, and other Things which shall be conveyed, or shall be intended to be conveyed, from the said River by Means of the said Boat Dyke.

the Poor"1 for -^nc^ be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall (after they have let out and appointed the publick Carriage Roads and Highways through and over the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and enclosed by this Act), assign, set out, and allot, unto the Lord of the aforesaid Manor, the Rector of the said Rectory, the Vicar of the said Vicarage ot Runbam, and the Churchwardens and Gver-ieers of the Poor of the said Parish of Runbam for the Time being, such Part of the said Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, as in the Judgenitnc of the said General Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One-Fifteenth Part of the average Value of the said Fens, Commons, and Waltfl Grounds; and such laid Allotment or Allotments shall, on the Execution of the Award of the said General Commissioners, be vested in the Lord of the said Manor, the Rector of the said Rectory, the Vicar of the said Vicarage, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Runbam for the Time being for ever, as Trustees for the Poor of the same Parish; and the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, aie here1 y empowered and required from Time to Time, by Writing un er their Hands and Seals, to lease or d mise the said Allotment to any Person or Persons whomsoever for any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years; so that in every such Lease there be reservedand made payable to the Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments, the most improved yearly Rent or Rents that can be obtained for the fame, without taking any Income, Fine, Premium, or Foregift in confide ration of granting loch Lease or Leases; and that in all such Leases there be contained the usual Covenants and Stipulations between Lessors and Lefifces, and such other Covenants and Stipulations, and such Security for the Performance of the fame, as the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall think proper to be inserted therein; and the Rents and Profits arising from such Allotment or Allotments shall from Time to Time be laid out in purchasing Fuel, and loch Fuel shall be distri bated amongst the poor Inhabitants of the said Parish of Runbam who shall be legally settled therein, and shall not occupy Lands or Tenements of more than the yearly Value of Five Pounds, in such Proportions and Quantities, at such Time or Times in each and every Year, and according to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them* shall pre-feribe and appoint for that Purpose, and not otherwise.

Application of

XIV. Provided always, That in case the Rents and Profits of such

Kent».IUS Allotment or Allotments shall at any Time or Times be more than sufficient to answer the several Purposes for which the lame is and are hereby directed to be set out, then and so often it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them* to apply and dispose of the Overplus of such Rents and Profits, for the Relief and Benefit of the Poor for whose Benefit such Allotment or Alton* 3 menu-

3°3

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

merits shall be so set oat in such Manner as the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall think proper.

XV. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the l ord Of the said Manor, and the Rector of the said Rectory, and Vicar of the said Vicarage for the Time being, to act in the Execution of the Trusts hereby in them reposed, by their Agents or Pioxies respectivdv, such Agents or Proxies respectively being appointed by Writing or Writings under the Hands of such Lord, Rector, and Vicar respectively, for the Time being, and producing their respective Appointments at the Time of their acting by virtue thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall in the next Place assign, set our, and allor, unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Parish of Rvv.ham, such Parts of the said Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as the said General Commissioners shall think nectflary, not exceeding Two Acres in the Whole, as and for publick Watering Places for Cattle, and as and for publick Sand, Gravel, Clay, and Chalk Pits; and such Allotment or Allotments, when set out, shall for ever thereafter be used by the Surveyors of the Highways, and by the Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Parish, and their Tenants for the Time being, in loth Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as the said General Commissioners shall by their Award direct or appoint.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall in the next Place assign, fer out, and allot, unto the Lord of the said Manor, such Part of the said Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, as in the Judgement of the said General Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One-Eighteenth Part of the said Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be a full Compensation and Recompence to the said Lord for his Right, as Lord of the said Manor, in and to the Soil of the said Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to divide and allot the said Open Fields unto and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests therein.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall then assign, set out, and allot the Residue and Remainder of the (kid Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, unto and amongst all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Right or Rights of Comm m, or other Rights or Interests, in, over, or upon the fame, or any Pkr or Puts thereof, in such Parts and Shares as the said General Com-rntflioners shall adjudge and determine, in Proportion, and according to and in IrOu of and full S.itisfadlion and Comper.fation to hirr, her, and them respectively, for his, her, and their respective Estates and Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests, in, over, or Upon the said Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof.

Lord of the Man r rle. to ait by Proxy.

Allotments for Watering I'lac<- , Gravel, tto

Allotment for Right of Sait,

Open Fields to be allotted.

Allotment of the Relidur.

3°4

Allotments to be made to Purclial'ers.

Agreement for Great Ty:hes.

Agreement for Vicar’* Tythes.

No Tur7es to be cut without Leave, tie.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

XX. Provided always, That if any Person hath fold, or contracted or agreed to fell, or shall, at any Time before the Execution of the said Award, fell, or contract or agree to fell, his or her Right, Interest, or Property in, over, or upon the said Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, to any other Person, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby directed, authorized, and required, to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser in such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of such Right, Interest, and Property so fold, or contracted or agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his and her Heirs and Assigns, shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or such Right, Interest, or Property had been vtfted in such Vendor at the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it (ha!) not be lawful to or for the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being, of the Great or Redorial Tythes arising, renewing, or increasing within the said Panlh of Runham to demand or take any Tythe, or any Compofuion, Satisfaction, or Compensation in lieu thereof, from the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Part or Parts of the said Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, for the Term of Three Years next after Execution of the Award to be made by the said Gentral Commissioners, for or in resped of any such Allotment or Allotments.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for the Vicar of the said Vicarage of Runbam to demand or take any Tythe, or any Compofuion, Satisfaction, or Compensation in lieu thereof, from the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Part or Parts of the said Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, for the Term of Three Years next after Execution of the Award to be made by the said General Commissioners, for or in respedof any such Allotment or Allotments.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the passing of this Act, cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away any Whins, Furze, Reeds, Rulhes, Fodder, Turves, or Flags, in, upon, or from the said Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without or contrary to the Licence of the said General Comm.ftioners first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose (which Licence the said General Commissioners are hereby empowered to granr, under such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Restrictions as they shall think proper to inlert therein), then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, upon due Proof thereof made before him, on the Oath of any credible Witness or Wir-nesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) to commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House ot Correction for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, at any Time or Times before the Execution of the said Award, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the Door of the Parish Church of Runbam aforesaid, to order and direct all or any Part of the Rights of Common in, over, or upon the said l-’ens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended for and during such Time as shall be expressed in such Writing; and that all such Rights of Common as the said Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direff to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall, from the Time of affixing such Writing; on the said Church Door, cease, determine, and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof be suspended accordingly j any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, That convenient Gaps and Openings shall be left in the Fences and Inclosures to be made in pursuance of this Act, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, for the Passage of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages into and through the fame, unless the several Parties interested shall agree that the fame mall be sooner fenced in, made up, and inclosed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Messuages, Cottages, Allotment* to Lands, and Grounds which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this ^enufeas Ad, to or with any Person or Persons, for or in lieu, or in respect of any Lands for other Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds, holden of any Manor or winch allotted. Manors by Copy of Court Roll, or for or in respect of any Leasehold Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, or for or in relped of any Right of Common, or any other Right or Interest appurtenant or appendant to any such Copyhold or Leasehold Premises, shall, from and after the Execution of the said Award, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or Leasehold, and shall be held as such by and under the fame Tenure, Rents, Payments, Fines, Customs, and Services, as the Copyhold or Leasehold Messuages. Cottages, Lands, or Tenements respectively, for or in lieu, or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made are now held; and that all and every Person or Persons to or with whom such Copyhold Lands and Premises shall be allotted or exchanged as aforesaid, shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame, without paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors (save and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchments requisite to be used for the Copies of such Admissions respectively, and such reasonable Fees to the respect: ve Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors, as the said General Commifl. fiomrs shall by their Award order and direct); but in case any Person or Persons to whom furh Lands and Premises shall be allotted or exchanged, shall die without Ad million within the said Six Calendar Months, then the customary Fines, Fees, and other Paymencs, shall be due and payable on the Admission of the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands and Premises; and after every such First Admission, the Copyhold Premises so to be allotted or exchanged as aforesaid, shall ac all Times be held under and subject to the fame Tenures, Fines, and other Payments, as the present Cepj hold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, in lieu or in re-\Loc. €s? Per.] 4 H spedt

For having Gaps.

305

For extin-Hiiirtiing or fuf pending Rights ot Common before the Award.

3o6 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

spedl whereof such Lands and Premises shall be allotted and exchanged are now holden under and subject to; and the said General Commissioners shall, by their Award, determine, describt, and abut the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds respectively, which are to be and remain Copyhold or Leasehold; and all other Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds to be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act (except such as shall be fa ascertained by the said General Commissioners to be Copy-hold or Leasehold), fiiail be thenceforth deenud, taken, and enjoyed as Freehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Premises, subject nevertheless to such Free Rents and Services as are now due or payable cut of or for the respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for or in respect whereof the same shall or may be allotted or exchanged.

riv" u*u°

XXVII. And be it further enacted.That all and every the Tenants and

fed Lands, Vr. Occupiers under any Lease or Agreement for any Term of Years of any Open Fields within the said Parish of Runham, which shall be allotted by virtue of this Act, shall (immediately after the signing the Award of the said General Commissioners, or within such further Time as the said General Commissioners shall appoint, and whereof Notice in Writing shall be given for that Purpose), give and resign up the full and peaceable Pofiession of such allotted Lands to the Person or Persons to or with whom the same shall be respectively allotted; such Tenants and Occupiers of such allotted Lands receiving from the respective Owners and Proprietor* thereof, such Satisfaction as the said General Commissioners shall ascertain, order, direct, or appoint to be paid to such Tenant or Tenants re-speitively on Account thereof, as an Equivalent for the Loss or Lolfc* he, she, or they shall respectively sustain thereby , and if the Money so to be ascertained as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the Person or Perf ms entitled to receive the lame, within Fourteen Days after Demand made thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to raise and levy the lame, for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Coils, Charges, and Expenecs of obtaining and executing this Act, may be raised and recovered.

I.fares void as

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and of Commas.1* Leases of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements within the said Parish of Runham, shall, as far as such Lease or Leases affect or concern any Allotment or Allotments to be made of any Part of the said Kens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in respect of any such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements comprized in such Lease or Leases, be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be null and void as to such Allotment and Allotments, and such Allotment and Allotments Aid! be made and assigned unto the Landlord or Landlords, and not to the Tenant or Tenants, Lefice or Ltflees; and such Allotment and Allotments shall be freed anti discharged from all the Right and Imrrelt which may or otherwise might be claimed in or to the fame by virtue of such Lease or Leases; and the Person or Persons to whom the Messuages, Lands, or Tencments comprized in such Lease or Leases shall belong, as Landlord or Landlords, shall make such Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled to the fame unoer such Lease or Leases, as the said General Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands dredt, for the Right of Common, or any other Rights or

Interests,

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 22: 307

Interests, in, over, and upon the said Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, appendant or appurtenant to such Messuages. Lands, or Tenements, and which shall be extinguished by this Act; and if any such Person or Persons fh. !1 refuse or neglect to make such Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled th- reto, on Demand, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Paid General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to raile and levy the same, for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Colls, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Parc thereof, can or may be raised or levied.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Proprietors or Persons interfiled in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, rtpaici mth' allotted, and inclosed, or any other Person or Persons, shall advance and intenft. pay any Money in Discharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, the Money so paid and advanced shall be repaid and satisfied, by the Direction of the Laid General Commissioners, together with lawful Interest for the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges, and Ex- For defraying pences of inclosing the Allotments which shall, by virtue of this Act, be fhis Aa.*° made to the said Rector, in Right of his said Rectory, and Vicar, in Right.

of his said Vicarage of Runbam respectively, and of inclosing the Allotments hereby directed to be made to the Lord of the said Manor, and the Rector, Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Paulh of Runbam, in Trull as aforesaid, and of inclosing the Allotments hereby directed to be made to the Surveyors of the Highways within the Lid Parish of Runbam, and to the Commissioners for Drainage herein-ascer appointed, and all the Colls and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, allotting, draining, and exchanging the Lands, Grounds, and Premises to be divided, allotted, drained, and exchanged by virtue of this Act, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the said General Commissioners, and all the Charges and Expences of the said General Commissioners, their Assistants and Servants, and all other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said General Commissioners in and about the Premises, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said General Commissioners, and all other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, shall be borne and defrayed by the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act (save and except the said Rector and Vicar of Runbam aforesaid, in respect of any Allotment which shall be made to them respectively, in Right of the said Rectory and Vicarage; and the Lord of the said Manor, the Rector, Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, for the Time being, for and in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to him or them in Trull as aforesaid; also lave and exce| t the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Parish of Run-ham, fur or in respect of the Allotments hereby directed to be made to them, and the said Commissioners for Drainage for the Time being as aforesaid; and also save and except such Person or Persons whose R< al

Property

308 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Property within the said Parish of Runbatn, or elsewhere, shall not, in the Judgement of the said General Commissioners, exceed the yearly Value of Five Pounds, or who shall not be possessed of Personal Property to the Amount of One hundred Pounds at ttieTime of making the said Allotments), in such Shares and Proportions, at such Time or Times, and to such Person or Persons, as the said General Commissioners shall appoint.

General Com-

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That Once at lead in each and every lay Accounts Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from before Two the Day of the passing thereof), the said General Commissioners shall, and every Yem" *hcy are hereby required, to make a just and true Statement and Account of ail Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, to be by them examined and allowed and the Balance of such Account shall be by such Justices stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the said General Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in the Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justices.

Proprietors,

XXXII. Provided always, That the said Proprietors, their Attornies, triei'r°Ex-y an^ Agents» ft>aH Pay dieir own Expences, when they or any of them shall

peuces. attend the said General Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be

holden in pursuance of this Act.

wills, etc. not

XXXIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall to beatte&ed. extend, or be construed to extend, so as to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, or Grounds to be divided, al’otted, enclosed, or exchanged as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, but that the respective Persons to whom any Lands or Hereditaments shall be allotted or given in Exchange by virtue of this Act, shall be felled thereof to such and the same Uses, anil for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, Charges, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments whereof such Person was seised or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the said Award to be made by the said General Commissioners, or for which or in resp.-ft whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to be charged with or aftefted by in case this Act had not been made.

Award to be

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the deposited. said General C rmmissioners, when mrolled in Manner directed by an Act made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in On: Act, certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inc'ofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the fiveral Fafts usually required on the puffing of such Acts, shall be deposited in the Parish

Church

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 22. 309

Church of Runham aforesaid, or in such other Place as the said General Commissioners shall appoinr.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commiflnn- Compenf.tion ers shall, at or before the Execution of the said Award, make or cause to

be made such Compensation in Money as they shall think proper, for any Land or Ground which shall be taken or ul'cd for the making or erecting of the said Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works, Houses and Buildings, or any of them, or set out or allotted for repairing or preserving the fame, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Part or Parts of the said Lands and Grounds so to be taken, used, set out, or allotted for the Purposes above mentioned, or any of them, by the several Proprietors interested in such Drainage j and such Money shall and may be levied and recovered as the Colls, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act may be levied and recovered; and such Money shall, when received by the said General Commissioners, be applied in the Discharge of such Proportion of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, as the Proprietor or Proprietors whose Lands shall have been so taken, used, set out, or allotted, shall be subject or liable to pay, and the Overplus (if any) shall be by them paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the fame: Provided always, that if any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Admi-niltrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, or any Person acting as Guardian, Committee, or Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Celtuique Trull, or any Person or Persons whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in drift or other Settlement, shall be entitled to receive such Sum of Money or Overplus, the same shall be by the said General Commissioners applied and disposed of in Manner directed by the said recited Act, made in the Forty-fird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for confclidating in One AH, certain Provisions usually infected in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usual'.y required on the passing of such Acts.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Lord or Lords, Lady or Commission-Ladiesof the said Manor, and the Rector of the said Rectory, and Vicar

of the Vicarage of the said Parish of Runham for the Time being, and each and every Owner or Proprietor of Twenty Acres of Land to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall, from and after the Execution of the Award herein directed to be made by the said General Commissioners, be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purpose of draining the said Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every such Commissioner for Drainage, by Writing under his or her Hand, from Time to Time and for such Time as he or ers for brain-she shall think fit, to nominate and appoint an Agent or Deputy to

aft in his or her Absence as a Commissioner for Drainage , and every such Agent or Deputy shall and may, in the Absence of the Person by whom he shall be so nominated and appointed, aft as a Commissioner for Drainage, and shall have the like Power and Authority as the Person by whom such Agent or Deputy shall be appointed; but no such Agent or Deputy shall be capable of acting as Agent or Deputy for the [Lfff. (A Per.'} 4 I Purposes

Appointment of Deputy

rnmmiflinn.

3io

Commission-crt to take an Oath or Affirmation.

Persons acting not being qualified, to forfeit jo/.

Times and Places of holding Meetings.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Purposes of this Act, for more than One Commissioner for Drainage at any One Time.

XXXVIir. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner for Drainage, (except it be in administering the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned to any of the other Commissioners for Drainage), until he or ffie shall have taken the Oath following, or being of the People called Quakers, make Affirmation j (that is to say),

‘ v A.B. do swear [or, being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly

* affirm]. That I will, without Favour or Affection, Hatred or Malice,

truly and impartially, according to the bell of my Skill and Knowledge,

execute and perform all and every the Powers and Authorities in the ‘ Execution whereof I shall at any Time aft as a Commissioner for Drain-

age, appointed in and by an Act made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for di-

viding, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Marsh

Lands, Fens, Commons, and Wajle Grounds, within the Parish e/Runham,

in the County of Norfolk.

'So help me GOD’.

Which Oath or Affirmation it shall and may be lawful to and for any One of the said Commissioners for Drainage to administer to any other of the said Commissioners for Drainage.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall prefame to act as a Commissioner for Drainage before he or ffie shall have taken the said Oath, or made Affirmation as aforesaid, or if any Person not being duly qualified as required by this Act, shall have acted, or shall have appointed an Agent or Deputy who shall have acted as such Agenc or Deputy in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of Flis Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protrftion, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he or ffie has taken such Oath, or made such Affirmation, and is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of Twenty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person has acted as a Commissioner for Drainage in the Execution of this Act, or has appointed an Agent or Deputy who has acted in the Execution of this Act, One Moiety of which Penalty shall be paid to the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Drainage shall, and they are hereby required to hold their First Meeting for carrying this Act into Execution, in the said Parish of llunbam, on the First Monday in the Month next after the Execution of the said Award by the said General Commissioners, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon; and the said Commissioners for Drainage shall meet on the First Monday in the Month of May in each and every Year, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve f the Clock in the Fe-

noon

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 22. 311

noon, in the said Parish of Runbam; which lad mentioned Meeting shall be called The General annual Meeting of the said Commissioners for Drainage; and the said Commissioners for Drainage shall and may from Time to Time adjourn themselves to meet at any convenient Place within the said Parish, or Within Eight Miles thereof, which they the said Commissioners for Drainage, or the major Part of them present at any such Meeting shall appoint; and it it shall so happen that there shall not appear a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners for Drainage at any such Meeting to act, or to adjourn to another Day, (Two Commissioners for Drainage to be deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment), or if they shall refuse or neglect to adjourn, or if any Two or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage shall deem a Meeting of the said Commissioners for Drainage to be necessary or proper before the Time appointed for the then next General annual Meeting, or Meeting by Adjournment of such Commissioners, then and in every or any such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage, to call a Meeting to be holden within the said Parish of Runbam, by Writing under their Hands, affixed to the Door of the Parish Church of Runbam, and by publishing the fame in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper printed and circulated in the said County of Norfolk, Eight Days at lead previous to the Time of such Meeting; and no Act of the said Commissioners for Drainage shall be good or valid unless done at some publick Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Act, (save as may be herein excepted); and that all Powers and Authorities granted to or vested in the said Commissioners for Drainage, shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by the major Part of them present at any Meeting, the whole Number present at such Meeting not being less than Five; and the said Commissioners for Drainage shall at all their Meetings in pursuance of this Act, be allowed Ten Shillings each per Day, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, and no more, towards their Expences, so that no such Allowance do in the Whole exceed the Sum of Four Pounds per Day at every such Meeting of the said Commissioners for Drainage.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That fair and regular Entries shall be Entries »f made in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, of all the Proceedings Act-, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Directions, and Proceedings of the said Evidence! Commissioners for Drainage, relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of the Commissioners for Drainage, who shall be present at their respecti ve Meetings, and the same shall be signed with the Name of the Clerk to the said Commissioners for Drainage; and all such Entries being so signed shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, in all Cafes, Suits, and Actions touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Actions to bs Drainage shall and may fueand be sued in the Name of their Clerk; and intht Name that no Action that may be brought or commenced by or against the said of the Cler!t’ Commissioners for Drainage, or any of them, by virtue or on Account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Commissioners for Diainage, but the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners for Drainage, shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Cale may be, except in such

Act on

3*2

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Action or Actions as shall be prosecuted between the said Commissioners for Drainage and their Clerk for the Time being, in which Action any One of the said Commissioners for Drainage, shall or may be made Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case shall be: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Commissioner for Drainage, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Colls and Charges as by the Event of any such Proceedings he shall be put to or chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein.

For appoint-

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for mgofficeri. Drainage shall and may, at their First or any subsequent Meeting, appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer, Surveyor, and such other Officer or Officers for the Execution of this Act, as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove them or any of them, and appoint others, as they shall find necessary or convenient; and by and out of the Monies to be raised by this Act, may and they are hereby empowered to appoint and pay such Salaries and Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners for Drainage employed in the Execution of this Act, as they shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners for Drainage shall and may take such Security for the due Execution of the respective Offices by such Peribn and Persons as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think proper; and all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, under their Hands, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall direct, deliver to such Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also of all Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively, received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands, to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath verify their said Accounts, (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners for Drainage is hereby empowered to administer); and if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall re fuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or shall refuse to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Twenty Days after being the reunto required by such Commissioners for Drainage, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay inch Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or as they shall direct and appoint, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, such Commissioners for Drainage may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid j or if Complaint shall be q made

42° GEORGII III. Cap. ai. 3l3

made by the said Commissioners for Drainage, or by such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons* so neglecting or rtfufing, shall be and reside, such Justices may and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so refilling or negleflingro be brought before them, and upon his or their appearing, or not being found, to hear and dttermine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony cf any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer), it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Money that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may and they are hertby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the fame, or if it shall appear to such Justices upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witr.efs or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer), that any such Officer or Person shall not have made and rendered, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or shall refuse to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or shall not have delivered to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they shall have appointed, within Twenty Days after being the reunto required by such Commissioners for Drainage, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execut ion of this Act, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of Norfolk* there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall make and give a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Commissioners for Drainage, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint, (which Com-pofuion the said Commissioners for Drainage are hereby empowered to make), and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, Vouchers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof, to the said Commissioners for Drainage.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Works of Drainage shall be, and they are hereby fully empowered from Time to Time, j^Re. by such Agents or Persons as they shall think, proper to employ, to support, pair, maintain, repair, and improve all such Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills,

Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works as shall be made or erected by the said General Commissioners in, through, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of draining the lame, and from Time to Time to renew such of them as shall fall into Decay and become incapable of being repaired, and also to make and erect all such other Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges,

[Loe. U Per.'] 4 K and

3i4 42° GEORGII Hi. Cap. zi.

and other Works, as shall appear to the said Commissioners for Drainage to be necessary for effectually draining the said Lands and Grounds, alt which Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and ocher Works, to be made or erected by the said General Commissioners, or by the said Commissionm for Drainage, for the Purpose of draining the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, and the Right and Pro. perty to and in the fame, and the Materials of which the same shall con-fist, and also the Piece or Pieces of Land to be fetout and allotted by the said General Commissioners to the said Commissioners for Drainage, for maintaining, repairing, and prclerving the fame, shall be and the fame is and are hereby vested in the said Commissioners for Drainage, for the Time being; and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time to insure from Fire all and every such Mills, Engines, Edifices, and Buildings, as shall at any Time or Times be erected by virtue of this Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Drainage shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times after the said Award of the said General Commissioners shall be made and executed, at any of their Meetings to be holdtn in pursuance of this Act, assess, rate, tax, and charge all and every the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, with such equal and proportionable Rates and Assessrrcents upon their respective Parts and Shares thereof, as they the said Commissioners for Drainage shall judge necessary for the making, maintaining, repairing, and supporting of the several Works for the Drainage of the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, and for making any necessary Alterations or Enlargements there-6n or thereto, as Occasion shall require; all which Rates, Taxes, and Assessments shall be collected by and paid to such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons, and at such Times, as they the said Commissioners for Drainage shall appoint, and shall be applied by them in Discharge of all such Expences as they shall incur in the Execution of this Act.

Tenann to

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Tenants and Occupiers of jay Taxei. a]j antj fingU]ar the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall pay, and are hereby authorized and required to pay, such Sums of Money as shall be so assessed on the Lands in their respective Occupations by the said Commissioners for Drainage, to the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners for Drain, age for the Purpose of receiving the lame } and it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Tenant and Occupier to dedud and retain the fame out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, and the several Owners are hereby requited to allow such Dtdudion, and every such Tenant paying such Rate or Afliflment shall be discharged of so much Money as the same shall amount to, as fully as if the fame had been paid to his or her Landlord.

of Taxe!°Very

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers, of any Lands or Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall make Defauic in Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Sum or Sums of Money to be rated, assessed, 5 taxed,

To raise Money fi r main raining Works.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 22. 315

taxed, or charged upon him, her, or them, for or in respect of such Lands or Grounds, or any Parc thereof, and shall continue in such Default by the Space of Ten Days next after the Time appointed by the said Commissioners for Drainage for such Payment, and after such Demand of such Rates or Assessments made by the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized to collect such Rates and Assessments by Writing left at the usual Place or Places of Abode of such Owner or Owners,

Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, who ought to pay the fame, or if such Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers,

shall not have any Place of Abode within the said Parish of Runham, or within Two Miles of the fame, then (after Demand made by the said Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized to coiled; such Rates and Assessments, by Notice in Writing affixed on some conspicuous Part of the Premises charged with such Rates and Assessments), it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage (which Warrant or Precept such Three or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage are hereby empowered and required to make and give, as there shall be Occasion, though not affem-b'.ed at any Meeting in pursuance of this Act), to enter into and upon all or any Part of the Lands and Grounds so rated and assessed as aforesaid, and into and upon all or any Messuages or Tenements thereupon (landing, and there, or in any Part or Parts of the Lands, Grounds, Messuages, or Tenements upon which such Entry shall be made, to distrain all or any such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle as shall be there found; and it shall and may be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, to impound the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, on any Part of the Messuages or Lands whereon the same shall be found, or otherwise to take, lead, drive, or carry away, and keep the fame for the Space of Five Days, leaving Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Distress or Distreffes at the Messuage or Tenement,

Messuages or Tenements, or in some conspicuous Part of the Lands or Grounds upon which such Distress shall be taken, or otherwise at the usual Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle; and if the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels,or Cattle so distrained, shall not pay the Sum or Sums of Money so a fie fled, rated, and distrained for as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of such Warrant, and taking such Distress, and of keeping and maintaining the fame, or replevy the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained according to the Law now in Force for Non-payment of Rent, within the said Five Days, that then the said Goods, Chattels, and Cattle so distrained, shall be appraised by Two or more indifferent Persons, to be sworn by the Constable or Headborough of the Parish or Place where such Distress shall be made (who is hereby authorized and required to administer an Oath for that Purpose), to appraise the fame according to the heft of their Judgements; and that after such Appraisement as aforesaid, the said Goods, Chattels, and Cattle shall be sold by the said Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, for Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money so assessed, rated, and distrained for, and of the said Costs and Charges, and also of the Costs and Charges of appraising and felling such Distress, and that the Overplus arising from luth Stic (if any), after Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money,

shall

316

Lands untenanted to remain a Security for the Rates.

Punishment

fordeftrojing

Works.

Persons damaging Works to forfeit a Sum not exceeding 50/.

Penalty on Neglect to

cltanfe Dike*

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

shall be returned, on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods Chattels, and Cattle.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Lands or Grounds to be drained as aforesaid, shallat any Time hereafter be untenanted or unoccupied, so that no sufficient Distress can be made for levying the said Rates and Assessments, then the Lands and Grounds chargeable therewith, shall remain a Security for Payment of such Rates and Assessments, and all Goods, Chattels, and Cattle which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, impounded, kept, and fold in Manner aforesaid, until such Rates and Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, and the Charges incident to such Distress, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously cut, damage, break down, demolish, or destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Flood Gate, Bridge, Sluice, or Tunnel, already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained, or uled for answering any of the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of Felony; and the Court before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petty Larceny.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously flop, dam up, or damage any Drain, Watercourse, Dam, Bridge, Stile, or other Work or Works, which shall at any Time hereafter be making or erecting, or made or erected, supported, maintained, or used for any of the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer), shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; anti such Money when so levied shall be paid to any One or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to their Clerk, and shall be applied towards the Discharge of the Expences attending the Execution of this Act; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall, by the said Justices, be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County of Norfolk, for any Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the said Justices.

Lf. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, to which any Ditch or Ditches, Drain or Drains, shall belong, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to scour, cleanse, open, or repair any such Ditch or Drain, or to make the fame of a sufficient Depth and Width, after Ten Days Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their usual Place of Abode from Time to Time for that Purpose by the Collectur or other Officer appointed under and by virtue

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 22. 3*7

i

virtue of this Act (such Collector, or other Officer having an Order in Writing for that Purpose, under the Hands of Two or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage), every such Owner or Owners shall, for every such Neglect or Rtfulal, forfrit and pay the Sum of Two Shilling <o every Rod of the Ditch or Drain so neglected to be scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, deepered, or widened; a d it shall and miy be lawful from Time to Time for such Collector or other Officer to ca f; fu h D tches and Drains, at the Charge and Expence of such Owners o; Orcupi is 10 be scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, and deepened, in a Efficient Manner; and where a Way shall have been made over any Ditch or Drain, withouc a sufficient Tunnel, to cause such Way to be taken up, and such Ditch or Drain to be made of a proper Width and Depth, and by a Warrant or Precept under the Hands of Three or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage (which Warrant they hereby have full Power to grant, although they shall not be assembled at any Meeting under this Act), to levy such Penalty, and also such Charges and Expences, upon such Owner or Owners,

Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels; and such Penalties shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LII. And be it further enacted, That no Tree or Trees shall at any No Trees to be Time or Times hereafter be planted, or any Building, Stack, or Rick erected or built, except by the Order or Permission of the said Commission- erected within ers for Drainage, nearer to any Mill or Engine which shall be made, *°°\Yardsof erected, or employed as aforesaid, than Two hundred Yards; and if any eicfpt by the Tree or Trees shall be planted, or any Building, Stack, or Uiclc, shall be or,lei the hereafter made, erected, or built within the Distance aforesaid of any such Mill or Engine, and if the Owner or Owners of any such Tree or Tees,

Building, Stack, or Rick, shall neglect to take down and remove, or cause to be taken down and removed, such Tiee O’-Trees, Building, Stack, or Rick, for the Space of Foureen Days after Notice in Writing shall have been given to him, her, or them for that i’urpose, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or PI ces of Abode, signed by any Three or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for Drainage, to cause such Tree or Trees to be taken down and carried away, and such Building, Stack, or Rick to be pulled down or removed.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Grass and Herbage growing, Herhageof arising, and renewing upon such Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as shall be vested in the said muily. Commissioners for Drainage, shall be let by the said Commissioners for Drainage, at their General annual Meetings to be holden as aforesaid, for the best Rent or Rents that can or may be gotten for the fame; and such Rents shall be applied by the said Commissioners for Drainage, for the general Purposes of Drainage under this Act, in such Manner as they shall at such annual Meeting direct.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, or App al to Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall think himself. S'111'"*-herself, or themselvea aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said General Commissioners as are herein declared to be final or conclusive, and [Ltc. & Per.2 4 L except

3*8

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

except in fu</h Cafes wherein an Issue at Law shall bs tried as herein mentioned), then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace wh ch shall be holden for the said C unty of Norfolk within Four Calendar Monrhs next after the causeot Complaint shall have atifen, on giving to the said General Commissioners, cr any Two of them, and to the Party or Parties concerned, in case the Appeal f!jail be made against any Actor Determination of the said General Commissioners, or to the Clerk of the said Commissior.ers for Drainage, in case the Appeal shall be made against any Act or Determination of the said Commissioners for Drainage, Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Premises) at their said General Quarter Sessions; are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Costs and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be lo awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale, and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned; but in case any such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Culls to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable , and such Costs shall be levied in Manner aforesaid.

Recovery of

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by Diitie&* y this Act imposed and incurred (for the Recovery and Application whereof no particular Method is herein directedj, shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant), upon the Conviction of the Party or Parties, on his, her, or their Confel-fioti, or upon the Evidence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), and the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, shall be paid to the Treasureror Clerk of the said Commissioners for Drainage, and shall be applied for such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think fit; buc nevertheless, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for Drainage, at any of their Meetings, to pay or cause to be paid such Part of the said Penalties or Forfeitures, not exceeding One Moiety thereof, to the Informer or Informers, as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think reasonable and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not he paid forthwith, it shall and maybe lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County of Norfolk, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months nor less than One Calendar 9 Month,

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Month, unless fjch Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the fame, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or any Matter in pursuance thereof, the Form of Conviction shall be in the W^rds or to the Effect following; (videlicet),

‘ D E it remembered. That on this Day of Form of cor.-

in the Year of our Lord viction.

A.B. is convicted before of His Majesty's Justices

‘ of the Peace for the [or. County, as the Case shall be]

of having [as the Offence shall be] contrary to an Act of Parliament made

in the Eorty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

intituled, [here set forth tie Title of this Act'} and I [or, we] the said

do adjudge him [her, or them] to forfeit and

, ‘ pay for the fame the Sum of Given under my

‘ Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.’

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Determination, Judge- Proceeding* ment, Conviction, Warrant, or other Proceeding, to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order, w^ntof Rate, or Assessment to be made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done ^movable b or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be quashed anUrari. Y or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Statute, Law, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made Distress not for any Tax, Rate, or Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the win^of Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties mak- Form, ing the fame be deemed a T respasser or Tiefpassers, on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Rate or Assessment to be made, or in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant, Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity wl ich shall be afterwards done by the Party or Patties so distraining, but the Person or Persons so aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be com- Limitation of menced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or Actloni-to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, until after Thirty Days Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Party or Parties aggrieved, shall have been given to the Party or Parties complained of, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, thereby letting forth the Cause of such Action or Suit, nor after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, or the Cause of such Action shall have ariftn; and every Action commenced and prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be brought and laid in the said County of Norfolk, and not elsewhere; and

320 4 GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

if upon the Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear that such Action or Suit shall be brought before the Expiration of Thirty Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the lame as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Cale the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in all Cafes where a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be Nonsuited, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs, and have such and the like Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Cods of Suit in any other Cafe by Law.

General LX. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs

Saving. ancj Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest (other than and except such as is and are hereby meant and intended to be barred, deftoyed, and extinguished), as they or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and indofed, in case this Act had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

LXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 180a.

I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 23.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, One passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horjhatn, in the County of Sussex, through Cap ell, Dorking, Mickleham, and Leatherhead, to the Watch House in JLbbiJham, in the County of Surrey; and from Cap ell to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ocklejf in the said County of Surrey.

[15th April 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for widening and repairing the Road leading from it Geo. 1. Hoifham, in the County of Sussex, through Cape 11, Dorking, Mickleham, and Leatherhead, to the Watch House in Ebbifham, in the County of Surrey , and from Capell to Stone Street, in the Parjjh of Ockley, it} the said County of Surrey: And whereas an Act was passed in the Sixteenth Year 16 Geo. 3. of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of the said recited Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Aftft, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution; for which Purpose they have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which Rill remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the 'Term and Powers of the said recited Acts be further continued, and some of the Provifipn.s thereof amended and enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s.most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Arts further. [Lx. fc? Per.] ,4 M recited «entinu*<i

322 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

recited Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things, therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), shall be and continue in full Force, and shall be executed for and during the Term hereafter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein purticuiarly repeated and re-enacted, but subjeS nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions, herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect from and after the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the Tolls, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be, and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said former Acts, or either of them, or of any Toils granted by or taken under the said recited Acts, and also of all Money that shall hereafter be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said former Acts and this Act, or the Tolls hereby granted, and also to the Payment of all Interest due or to grow due for or in respect of any such Sums of Money respectively.

former Trolls And whereas the Tolls by the said last mentioned Acts granted,

and granting have been found insufficient for the carrying into Execution the Purposes new ones. Gf the said Acts; be it therefore enacted, That the said Tolls shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and that instead thereof the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken (at all Times except on Sundays'), at the several and respective Gates or Turnpikes which have been or shall be erected in, upon, or on the Side of the said Road; (that is to say),

T°N*' For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, drawing any Coach,

Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Phaeton, Chaise, Curricle, Hearse, Cala(h, Chaise-Marine, Chair, or Chaise-Cart, the Sum of Four-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Bead of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny

For every Drove of Oxen of other Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score; and for every Half Score of such Cattle the Sum of Sixpence; and for any less Number than Half a Score of such Cattle the Sum of One Halfpenny each

And for every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Sixpence per Score; and for every Half Score thereof the Sum of Three-pence; and for any less Number than Half a Score of such Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of One Farthing each: on°sWfl^r°lls And that upon every Sunday during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be demanded and taken at the said Gates or Turnpikes respectively, for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, and for all Oxen or other Neat Cattle, and Calves, Swine, Sheep, and Lambs, herein before enumerated. Double the said respective Tolls herein before by this Act granted and made payable for the fame respectively.

Which said several Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the Trustees of the.jjaid Road; and the fame, and every Part thereof, shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, lessened, varied, and disposed of, Tn such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means', and with such

Remedies

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 23. 323

Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers,

Provisions, Exemptions, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said former Acts, or either of them, respecting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Carriages wherein Oxen or Neat Cattle shall be used, Two Oxen or Neat Cattle deredoniy ai shall be considered as One Horse, and chargeable accordingly with the One Horse. Tolls aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application of awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, J^on~nwhere or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, amounting to for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme

Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disab'lity or Incapacity as in the said recited Acts particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Parts thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith to the fame or like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the

Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined anJ capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Older of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, pur- conTenfetion chafed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Mon*y is leis Corporation, or any Person or Persons under Disability or Incana-

city to 1 Jk’

324

Application where the Money i* left than 20 /.

For paying

the Expences of the Ad.

[Publick Act.]

Term of this Act.

4a6 GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

city as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy and Lunacy, to be Signified by Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall be defrayed out of any Money already collected or received by virtue of the said former Acts, or either of them, or out of the First Monies to arise by virtue of the said former Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and as such be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said Acts (subject as herein-before mentioned), and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Awdrew' Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

»*4 9*

Cap. 24.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual so much of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

An AEi for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the South Level, Fart of the great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers or Drains called Stoke River, and Brandon River, and a certain Level or DistriEl called Feltwell New District, and The Hard Lands of Woodhall-in-Helgay, and Helgay, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, as relates to the Fen and Low Grounds lying within the Second District or Division described in the said Act.

[15th April 1802.]

[Lee. Per.] 4 jV WHEREAS

42° GEORGII III. Cap.-24.

326

15 Geo. 3. c. +J.

fnrt of the

foi mcr Act repealed.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Elis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers or Drains called Stoke River, and Brandon River, and a certain Level or Dislrid called Feltwell New District, and The Hard Lands of Woodhall-in-Helgay, and Ilelgay, in the Coun-tiis of Norfolk and Suffolk, the Fens and Low Grounds therein described and intended to be embanked and drained were made Two separate Dif-trifts or Divisions, One called Ihe First District or Division, and the other. The Second Dislrid or Division, and certain Commissioners were thereby appointed to carry the said Act into Execution within each respective District, who were empowered to assess, rate, tax, and charge the several Owners and Occupiers of certain of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds held in Severalty, or being private Property within the said Second District (except such as in the said Act are excepted), by and with equal and proportionable yearly Rates, Taxes, or Sums of Money, for the Purposes of the said Act; and were authorized to borrow Money upon the Credit and Security of such Rates and Taxes; and in the said Act were contained sundry other Powers and Provisions for effecting the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas the Commissioners of the said Second District, in pursuance of the Powers given to them by the said recited Act, have made several Cuts, Drains, and Outlets, and made several Banks, and done other Works, in, through, and upon the said Lands and Grounds comprized within the said Second District, for the draining and preserving of the fame; and have act'efled the said Lands and Grounds with the several Rates and Taxes authorized by the said recited Act

, And whereas for the Purpose of making and preserving the said Works of Drainage, the said Commissioners have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Security of the Rates and Taxes chargeable upon the said Lands and Grounds by virtue of the said Act, and have assigned over the said Rates and Taxes for securing the Monies so borrowed, with the Interest thereof, and a considerable Debt now remains due upon the Al-flgnment of the said Rates and Taxes, and otherwise, on Account of the said Lands and Grounds: And whereas the said Lands and Grounds comprized within the Limits of the said Second District, as mentioned in the said recited Act, might be further greatly improved by additional Works of Drainage; but the Rates and Taxes authorized to be raised by the said Act have been found insufficient for Payment of the Interest of the Monies already borrowed, and for maintaining and keeping in Repair the present Works; and the Powers given to the said Commissioners are also found to be insufficient for, the effectual Drainage and Preservation of the said Lands and Grounds; and the Mode of appointing the said Commissioners is found to be inconvenient; and it is therefore necessary to repeal certain Parts of the said A* t, and to make several Alterations and Amendments in other Parts thereof, so far as the fame relates to the said Second District: May it therefore pleaft* Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as appoints Commissioners for the Purpose of carrying the fame into Execu-

[.t? _ tion

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24i 327

tion within the Limits of the said Second District; and so much thereof as relates to the Election of new Commissioners within the said Second District, and so much thereof as relates to the Qualification and Meetings of such Commissioners; and so much thereof as relates to the Payment of the Expences of the said Commissioners upon Account of their Attendance at any of the Meetings; and as relates to the roding, scouring, cleansing, opening, and repairing any of the Dykes and Tunnels in the said Second District, and inflifts or relates to any Penalty or Penalties for destroying, hindering, obstructing, or laying open, any Cuts, Drains, or other Works, made under the Authority of the said recited Act, within the said Second District; and so much thereof as relates to the making up, settling, allowing, and passing the Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Money collected by virtue of the said recited Act, within the said Second District; and so much thereof as relates to Exemptions from Stamp Duties; and so much thereof as relates to the Determination of Differences between the said Commissioners of the said Second District, or any other Person or Persons respecting any Matter done in pursuance of the said Act, or the Powers therein contained, or any Thing in anywise relating the reunto, shall be, and the samp is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Lord or Lords, Lady or ^5P^uaiTfi-n* Ladies for the Time being, of the several Manors of and in Hockwold- canonofCom-with-Wilton, of the capital Manor and the Manor of Southall, and the tmilioneu. Manor of Wendlins, Sptndlint, and Duntons, in Feltwell, and of the Manor of Sothery otherwise Southcry, or in their Absence the respective Stewards of the said Manors, and also the several Rectors and Vicars of the several Parishes in the said Second District for the Time being, and every Person who shall, for the Time being, be the Owner of Forty Acres (Statute Measure) of Land subject to be taxed by virtue of the said recited Act or of this present Act, lying within the said Second District, shall be, and he, she, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners to put the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, within the Limits of the said Second District.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person who for the Time r>ow'r being shall be the bond Jide Owner of more than Forty Acres of Land dftional1 lying within the Bounds and Limits of the said Second District, subject Commission-to be taxed by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, may, and er,‘ every such Person is hereby authorized and empowered to appoint, by Writing under his or her Hand, One Commissioner for every One hundred Acres of Land subject to be taxed as aforesaid, and lying within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid, of which he or she shall be the Owner, over and above such Forty Acres for which he or she is hereby appointed a Commissioner; and that such Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid (being qualified as herein after mentioned) shall, during the Pleasure of the Owner or respective Owners, and during the Time that the Person or Persons so appointing shall be Owner or Owners of such Number of Acres within the said Second District as aforesaid, likewise be and he and they is and are hereby appointed a Commissioner and Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, so far as relates to the said Second District, as if such Person or Persons so appointed

3?8

Qualification of additional Coinmilfioi). ers.

Penalty on ailing, n t being qualified.

Meetings of rbe Commd-Aoeer*.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

ed were the Owner or Owners of Forty Acres of Land (Statute Measure), within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid: Provided always, that no Person so appointed shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act or of this Act at any Meeting whilst the Person by whom he shall be so appointed, shall be present, save and except the Person by whom he shall be so appointed, shall be Owner as aforesaid of Two hundred and forty Acres of taxable Land; and no Person so appointed shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner under the Appointment of any more than One Person, at any One Time.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be qualified to act as a Commissioner, unless he shall be the bond fide Owner of a Real F.state of Ten Pounds a Year, or be possefled of a Personal Estate of Two hundred Pounds, and that no Person holding any Place or Office of Profit under the said Commissioners shall act as a Commissioner during the Time that he shall hold any such Place or Office of Profit.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person not being qualified as herein-before directed, shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of any of the Powers in this or in the said recited Act contained, or if any Person, not being duly qualified, shall appoint, in Manner aforesaid, any Person to act as a Commissioner in Execution of any of the Powers in this or the said recited Act contained, and such Person so appointed shall have acted as such Commissioner, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered, with full Colls of Suit, by any Person who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Information; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise a Verdict shall be found against him, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person has acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of the Powers aforesaid, or has made such Appointment of a Commissioner, who has acted in the Execution of the Powers aforesaid as a Commissioner; One Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be paid to the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety thereof shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be holden at the Cock Inn in Felt-well aforesaid, on the Fourth Monday next after the passing of this Act, at Eleven of the Clock, in the Forenoon; and that the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall meet Twice in every Year, at the Cock Inn in Felt-well aforesaid, or at such other Place within or near to the said Second Dillrift as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time appoint, on the Second Monday in the Month of April, and the Second Monday in the Month of October, in each and every Year, and at such other Time or limes as they, or any Five or more of them, shall fee Cause or think convenient, and may from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and meet again pursuant to such Adjournment, as often as they shall think proper; and in case Five Commissioners shall not be present at the Place and Time appointed for holding any of the said Meetings, or the said Commissioner shall at any Meeting omit to adjourn such Meeting, then and in every such

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24. 329

Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk to the said Commissioners to adjourn such Meeting to a Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Time the last Meeting was appointed to have been holden or was holden, and to the same Place where the fame was appointed to be or was holden, of which Adjournment publick Notice shall be given in the Bury weekly Newspaper (if then published), or in some weekly Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Norfolk, Ten Days previous to such Meeting; and no Act of the said Commissioners shall be good or valid, unless it shall be done or ordered at some Meeting holden under the Authority of this Act (save and except as may be herein excepted); and in case any Five or more of the said Commissioners shall deem a Special Meeting of the said Commissioners necessary or proper, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Five or more of the said Commissioners, to call a Meeting of the said Commissioners, to be holden at some Place within the said Second District, of which Meeting Notice shall be given in the Bury weekly Newspaper (if then pub-liflied), or in some weekly Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Norfolk, Ten Days previous to the Time of such Meeting, and such Notice shall be signed with the Names of the Commissioners requiring such Meeting; and that all Powers or Authorities granted to or vetted in the said Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by the major Part of them present at any Meeting, the whole Number present at such Meeting not being less than Five; and the Commissioners present at every Meeting shall and may choose a Chairman, who, in case of an Equality of Votes on any Question, including the Vote of such Chairman, shall have the deciftve or calling Vote.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Order or Determi- Orderrnotto nation made or come to at any Meeting of the said Commissioners shall bm't fubL be revoked or annulled but at a subsequent Meeting, at which Seven <i«ent Meet-Commissioners at lead shall be present and consent thereto, nor unless ins8'

Ten Days Notice of such Meeting (stating the Object of such Meeting), shall be affixed on the Doors of the several Parish Churches of Hockwold with Wilton, Feltwell Saint Mary, Feltwell Saint Nicholas, and Lakenheath, and be inserted in th& Bury weekly Newspaper, if the same shall continue to be published, or in some weekly Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Norfolk.

VIII. Provided also, That no greater or larger Sum of Money than Expence.-of Two Pounds in the Whole shall be paid or allowed for the Expences of Meet.ngs. the Commissioners at any One of the General Meetings to be holden

under or by virtue of this present Act, nor more than Twenty Shillings for the Expences of the Commissioners at any adjourned or Special Meeting.

IX. And be it further enacted, That fair and regular Entries F.ntriesof shall be made in a Book or Books to be provided for that Pur-

pile, of all the Acts, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Directions, and dtnce. " Pioceedings of the said Commissioners, relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of the Commissioners who shall be present at the respective Meetings, and the same shall be signed with the Name of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and all such Entries being so signed, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, in all Cafes, Suits, and Adtions [Loc. IF Per.j], 4 0 touching

330 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

touching any Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act and of this Act.

Actions to be X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and of the cieik. may ^ue anc* be ^ue<^ *n Name of their Clerk; and that no Action that may be brought or commenced by or against: the said Commissioners or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk without the Consent of the said Commissioners, but the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be; except in such Action or Actions as shall be prosecuted between the said Commissioners and their Clerk for the Time being, in which Action or Actions any One of the said Commissioners shall or may be made Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case shall be: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Commissioner in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs and Charges as by the Event of any such Proceedings he shall be put to or chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein.

For appointing Officers.

Security to be gueu.

Officers to account.

XI. And be it further enacted'. That the said Commissioners shall and may, at their First; or at any subsequent Meeting, appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer, Surveyor, and such other Officer or Officers, for the Execution of the said recited Act and of this Act, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove them or any of them, and appoint others, as they shall find necessary or convenient; and by and out of the Monies to De raised by this Act, may and are hereby empowered to appoint and pay such Salaries and Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners employed in the Execution of the said recited Act and of this Act, as they shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners shall and may take such Security for the due Execution of the respective Offices by such Person and Persons as aforesaid as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, under their Hands, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, deliver to such Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively, received by virtue and for the Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said Officers or Persons so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath verify their said Accounts (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby enabled to administer); and if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or shall refuse to produce or deliver up the Receipts of Vouchers relating to the lame, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within

Ten

33*

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Ten Days after being the reunto required by such Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of the said recited Act and of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Commissioners, or as they shall direct or appoint, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, such Commissioners may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Two'or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall be and reftde, such Justices may, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before them, and upon his or their appearing, or not being found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Wit-liefies upon Oath (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer), it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Money that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the fame; or if it shall appear to such Justices, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer), that any such Officer or Person shall not have made and rendered, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath, anv such Account, or shall refuse to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or shall not have delivered to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as shall have been appointed by them to receive the same, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by such Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of the said recited Act or of this Act, then and in any or either of the Cafes aforesaid, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County of Norfolk, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make), and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, Vouchers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have been employed by the Commissioners of the said

Persons employed under the former Act to account.

332

Commissioners Power to make Worki. fcV.

4.2° GEORGII IL. Lap. 24.

said Second District, acting by virtue of the said recited Act, and who shall have in their Custody or Possession any Money, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or other Things received by virtue of the said recited Act, and relating to the said Second District, shall account for the fame, and every Part thereof, and shall deliver up the fame, to the Cornnissioners hereby appointed, in like Manner, and shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties, as the several Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers appointed by virtue of this Act, are subject and liable to, for refusing or neglecting to pay any Money received by them by virtue of this Act, to the said Commissioners, or for refusing or neglecting to deliver up any Books, Papers, Writings, or Accounts relating to the Execution of chis Act to the said Commissioners.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to make, raise, cut, build, and fee up, or cause to be made, raised, cut, built, and set up, in, upon, through, or over the Lands and Grounds within the Bounds and Limits of the said Second District, all such Cuts, Drains, Banks, Bridges, Dams, Headings, Outlets, Mills, Engines, Sluices, and other Works as they shall think necessary for the better draining and preserving of the said Lands and Grounds within the said Second District; and the said new Works to be made under and by virtue of this Act, and those already made within the said Second District under and by virtue of the said recited Act, shall be veiled in and be the Property of the said Comm'flioners; and that the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority over all and Angular the Works so to be made; and also overall and Angular the Banks, Bridges, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Headings, Outlets, Mills, Engines, Sluices, and other Works already made or set up, or maintained and kept in Repair within the Limits of the said Second District, under the Authority of the said recited Act; and also from Time to Time to cleanse, widen, deepen, alter, repair, remove, support, rebuild, and enlarge the fame respectively, as they may think proper, for the better draining of the said Lands and Grounds; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, to divide off, take, and use such Lands and Hereditaments as the said Commissioners shall judge necessary to be cut, dug, taken, or used for making any of the Banks, Bridges, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Headings, Outlets, or other Works for the Execution of this Act, or which they the said Commissioners shall deem proper and requiftte to be left and reserved for the Preservation of the North Bank of the River called Brandon River, between the fame Bank and the Ditches or Drains made or to be made next the fame; and also from Time to Time and at all Times to dig, cut, take, and carry away, any Earth, Flag, or other Materials from the adjoining Lands within the said Second District, or from the Lands, Wastes, Roads, and Ways adjoining or near to the said Second District, therewith to heighten, widen, {Lengthen, make, maintain, and support the Banks and Works comprized in the said Second District, of such Width, Strength, and Di-menftons, as they the said Commissioners for the said Second District, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, they doing as little Damage as may be, and making Satisfaction and Cotnpensation for the fame in Manner herein mentioned.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24; 333

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Power to for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to make, ered, and cut such Banks and Common. Drains in, through, over, or upon the Commons or Waste Lands of Felt-

well Saint Mary and Felt-well Saint Nicholas, or either of them, called North Fen, as they shall think proper for answering the Purposes of this Act, and without paying any Thing the refore: Provided nevtrtheless, that the Common Lands upon, over, or through which the said Banks or Drains, shall be made or cut, shall not be subject or liable to any of the Rates or Taxes by this Act authorized to be imposed.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Banks of Dif-shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to ered !"c"dt0 be and make or cause to be made or erected a Bank or Mound on the |0, IU Westerly Side of a Drain called Sam’s Cut, from The Hurd Lands of Felt-

well, to and to conned the fame with the Bank belonging to the District called The New Fen District.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to The Commis. and for the said Commissioners to contract and agree with the several Persons appointed to carry into Execution an Act, made in the Thirtieth thepertons Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George thoSecond, intituled, o’ftnctern"'* An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands lying in the South powered to Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, makeCon-between Brandon River and Sam’s Cut Drain; and for empowering the Go- tl,cts' vernor. Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of (onfervators of the said Great Level to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Inverted Lands; which Contract or Agreement the said several Persons are hereby enabled to make and enter into at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, for the Maintenance and Supporcof the said Bank or Mound to be made or erected on the Westerly Side of the aforesaid Drain called Sam's Cut, from The Hard Lands of Feltwdl, to and to conned the fame with the Bank belonging to the District called The New Fen DifiriEl, (the said New Fen Difirict, being under the Direction of the said several Persons appointed by the said Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty), or for the Maintenance and Support of any Part or Parts thereof; and also for the Maintenance and Support of the Bank belonging as aforesaid to the said New Fen Dislrid, or for the Maintenance and Support of any Part or Parts thereof, in such Manner and upon such Terms as they respectively shall think proper; and every such Contract or Agreement, when so made and entered into by the said Commissioners and the said several Persons, shall be and is hereby declared to be binding and conclusive upon the said Commissioners, and the said several Persons and their Successors respectively; and the said Commissioners and the said several Persons respectively are hereby authorized to pay and apply any Money coming to their respective Hands by virtue of this Act and of the said Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, respectively, for the Purpose of carrying into Effect any such Contract or Agreement.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Commission-have full Power and Authority to agree with the Proprietors of and Per-

[Lor. Cf Per.] 4 P fons

334

Incapacitated Persons empowered to treat.

Comm ifln tie’s may a'ljuft Proportion of Damages,

Upon Refusal to tr«arr

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

fons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which the said Commissioners shall judge necessary to be cut, dug, taken or used for making any of the Banks, Bridges, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Headings, Outlets, or other Works, under and by virtue of this Act, or which they the said Commissioners shall deem proper, and require to be left and reserved for the Preservation of the Bank of the said River called Brandon River, between the said Bank and the Ditches or Drains to be made next the fame, for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or for the Recompence to be made to such Proprietors, and Persons interested, for the Damages they may sustain; and also to settle and ascertain in what Proportion the Sum or Sums so agreed for shall be paid to the several Persons interested in the said Premises, where there shall be more such Persons than One.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whether Aggregate or Sole, and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, of such of the Owners or Proprietors of or Persons interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments as shall be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunaticks, Idiots, Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of afting for themselves, to contract for, fell, and convey to the said Commissioners, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint in Trust for them, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Purposes of this Act; and also to agree with the said Commissioners for any Recompence to be made for Damages which may be done to any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act; and all such Contrafts, Sales, and Agreements shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law', to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to adjust what Proportions of the Sums so agreed to be paid shall be allowed to any Tenant or other Person having a particular Estate, Term, or Imereti, in any of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchaLd or so damaged as aforesaid; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Coliegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall do in pursuance of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Husband, Guardian, Committee, Trustee, or Attorney as aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons interested in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall for the Space of Thirty Days after Notice in Writing given to the principal Officer or Officers of any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such Husband, Guardian, Committee, Trustee, or Attorney respectively, or to such other Person or Persons, or left at his, her, or their respective last or usual Place or Places of Abode, or with the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, neglect or refuse to treat, or to accept such Satisfaction as shall be offered by the said Commissioners, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating with them, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners are hereby empowered from Time to Time to apply to Two or more Justices of the Peace, (not being interested in the Premises), for the County in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments may lie or be situate; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to issue out their Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals to the

Sheriff

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

335

Sheriff of the said County for the Time being, or if such Sheriff shall be immediately interested in the Matter in Question, then to One of the Coroners of the said County, commanding such Sheriff or Coroner to im-pannel, summon, and return a Jury; and the said Sheriff or Coroner is sheriff or Co-hereby required to impannel, summon, and return Twenty-four Men, roner to Aim-qualified according to the Laws of the Realm to serve on juries in the ,ncnaJur'-Trial of Issues at Law, to appear before the said Justices, at such rlime and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be directed and appointed; and the said Justices are hereby empowered, out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such as shall appear before them upon such Summons, to swear Twelve Persons, who shall be a Jury to enquire touching the Matters in Question; and in case a sufficient Nutn- if a fuificienc ber of Jurymen shall not appear at such Time and Place as aforesaid, the ^"rTdo'not said Sheriff or Coroner shall return other qualified and indifferent Men aPptai, that may fpredily be procured, to make up the said Jury to the Number ShcrifforCo-of Twelve; and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges turn Tales, against any of the said Jurymen, as they come to be sworn as aforesaid; and the said Justices are hereby also empowered by Warrant or Warrants fvvit

under their Pfands and Seals, from Time to Time as Occasion shall re- r,effe>. quire, to summon and call before them all such Persons as shall be thought necessary to be examined as Witnesses touching the Matters in Question, as well upon the Application of the Parties interested as otherwise, and also to examine such Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer), touching the Matters in Controversy; and the said Justices may authorize and order the said Jury, or Andorderthe any Six or more of them, to view the Place or Places and Matter in Jurytov,ew-Question; and the said Jury so sworn as aforesaid shall esquire of, assess. Jury to affefi or ascertain the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and also the Recompence to be made for the Damages so sustained or to be sustained as aforesaid, and shall settle and ascertain in what Proportions the Sum or Sums so assessed shall be paid to the several Persons respectively interested in the fame; and the said Justices of the Peace shall give Judgement for such Purchase Monies or Recompence so assessed by such Jury as aforesaid; which said Verdict and Verdict, and the Judgement thereupon pronounced by the said Justices bec!nc!uSve° of the Peace, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties interested, and being put into Writing under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices of the Peace, shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the County in which such Lands may lie, to be kept amongst the Records of the Sessions of the Peace for the said County, and the fame, or a true Copy thereof, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts of Justice whatsoever; and all Persons may have Recourse thereto, or take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom, on paying the Fees usually paid in Cafes of the like Nature: Provided always, that all Parties concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the Jurymen to be summoned in pursuance of this Act, in such or the like Manner as any Party in any Action depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, is or shall be by Law entitled thereto.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if such Sheriff or Co- Pen»ltyon roner, or his Deputy or Agent shall make Default in the Premises, or if "jary^and'on any Person lo summoned and returned as aforesaid on such Jury shall not J rmsor appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse attending, n°C

to

336

Costs to be paid.

Satisfaction being trade or rendered, 1 oir. million-ei may proceed on the Works,

Foe paying off Mortgages on Laqds taken by the Commifaon-er 5.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

to give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, t contrary to the true Intent of this Act; or if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined or to give Evidence, every Person so offending respectively, having no reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by the said Justices of the Peace, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Sum as the said Justices of the Peace shall appoint, not exceeding Ten Pounds upon any One Person for any One Offence.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Verdict shall be given fora greater Sum for the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or as a Compensation for Damages done or to be done, than shall have been offered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners before the summoning of such Jury, then all the Expences of such Jury, and of the Witnesses attending upon the fame, and of taking fuchlnquest, (such Expences to be settled by the said Justices), shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; but if any Verdict: shall be given for no more or for a less Sum than shall have been previously offered in the Cafes aforesaid by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case the Expence attending such Verdict and Judgement, to be settled as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Owners of or Persons interested in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments upon or in respect of which such Application shall have been made; which said Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the said Commissioners in and by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for Recovery of the Rates and Taxes to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That after Payment or legal Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money'so agreed or contracted for, for the Pu chafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or assessed for Damages as aforesaid to the Party or Parties interested, or if he, she, or they cannot be found, or shall refuse to accept such Money, then upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England, in case the same shall be equal to or exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or upon leaving the fame, in case the fame should be less than the Sum of One hundred Pounds, in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, for the LTfeof, and to be paid upon Demand without Fee or Reward to such Party or Parties respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and all Persons authorized by them, to enter upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in respect whereof such Monies were so agreed for, or by Verdict assessed as aforesaid, and to make Use of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act; and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate whatsoever, shall from thenceforth be to all Intents and Purposes diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property uhat-soever to or in the same.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, taken or made Use of by the said Commissioners, shall be in Mortgage to any Person or Persons whomsoever, then and in such Case the said Comma (lionets shall and they are hereby

requited

337

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

required to pay or cause to be paid to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees* his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, upon Application in Writing made to the said Commissioners, or to their Clerk, signed by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been so agreed for, ascertained, or determined as aforesaid, for the Use or Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and such Sum or Sums of Money when so paid, shall be and be deemed to be in Discharge of Part of the Principal Money due on such Mortgage or Mortgages, and Acknowledgement of the Receipt thereof shall be made by Indorsement on the Mortgage Deed or Deeds signed by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators respectively, in the Presence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and such Indorsement shall be and be deemed to be a full and sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners from the Mortgagor or Mortgagors, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators; and also a full and sufficient Discharge to the Mortgagor or Mortgagors, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, from the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, for so much Money as shall be expressed in such Indorsement.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application »f or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ShnTeqMJ* purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the to*oo/. Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick. Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall be equal to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Commissioners \ to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Directions and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and’ Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, assessing the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and irr the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made,

[Lee. & Per.'] 4 the

338

Application when the Coinpcniation Money i, less than 200l. and moie than 20 /

Application where the Money is less than 20 /.

Surveyors to be appointed to value Lands*

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends, and annual Produce of the said Consolidaced or Reduced Bank Annuities'fhjU from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Cotfrtj to the.Peflfpn, or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made. ’

XXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall be equal to or exceed Tw enty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments'so purchased taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery: Provided also, that where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the said Second District shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required, at their First or at any other Meeting after the passing of this Act, to nominate and appoint Three competent and skilful Persons, not being either Owners or Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds within the said Second District, to view the Lands and Grounds therein, and to ascertain the Benefit derived or to be derived by such Lands and Grounds from the said Drainage, for the Purpose of fixing an Acre Tax

on

339

42° GEORGII Itl. Cap. 24.

on such Lands and Grounds, in Proportion to the Benefit derived or to be derived by such Lands and Grounds respectively from such Drainage j and the said Three Persons shall immediately proceed in the said View and Valuation, and the same shall with all convenient Dispatch be laid before the said Commissioners, and verified upon the several Oaths of the Persons so making the same, or of any Two of them, which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby authorized and empowered to administer, in the Words following

‘| A.B. do swear. That this Valuation is faithfully, impartially, and

honcflly made, according to the best ot my Skill and Judgement*

and without Favour or Affection to any Person whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.'

And such Valuation of the said Three Persons j or any Two of them, shall be binding to all Persons whomsoever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Three Persons to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, or their Successors to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall refuse or neglect to make, or become incapable of making the Valuation aforesaid, or shall die before the said Valuation shall have been laid before the said Commissioners and verified as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such remaining or surviving Person or Persons, and he and they is and are hereby required by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands from Time to Time, within Twenty-one Days after such Refusal, Incapacity, or Death shall be known, to nominate and appoint another Person, not being either an Owner or Occupier of any Lands or Grounds within the said Second District, to value in the Room of every such Person refusing or becoming incapable to act, or deceased; and that every Person so to be appointed shall have the like Power and Authority to act in the Execution of this Act, as the Person in whose Place he or they shall succeed is hereby inverted with.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to order (if they think it expedient or proper), a Survey to be made of the Quantity of Acres, Roods, and Perches contained in the Lands and Grounds liable to be taxed by this Act, by such Person or Persons as they shall think proper; and such Survey, when so made, shall be delivered to the said Commissioners at some One of their Meetings, and shall be verified upon the Oath of the Person or Persons making the same (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby authorized to administer); and such Survey, so to be given in as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Authority to the said Commissioners to make and collect the said Rates and Taxes by, and shall be binding on the several Persons charged with the Payment thereof, for their several Lands charged with such Payment j and such Survey being signed by the Person or Persons making the same, and also by the said Commissioners, shall be allowed as Evidence in all His Majesty's Courts of Law or judicature whatever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons appointed by the said Commissioners to survey tks said Lands and Grounds, their Assistants and Servants, and every other

Appointment ot* newVaiuer* in case of Death-

Survey to be made.

Power to enter Land*,

340

Tixes to be

Poor Lands rot to be taxed with Drainage Taxes.

Power to reduce the Taxes.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

other Person employed by the said Commissioners, from Time to Time and at all Times, to enter into, view, examine, survey, admeasure, plan, and value the said Lands and Grounds, and to affix Stakes or Land Marks thereon, and to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things which shall in their Judgement be requisite for carrying this Act into Execution.

"rti ;.4

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the said Scond District, to rate, tax, charge, and assess, all and Angular the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said Second District, and all and every the respective Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds (except such Lands and Grounds, as by the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, are exempted from the Payment of Taxes for Drainage), with such an annual graduated Acre Tax, in Proportion to the Beneflt (such Be-neflt to be ascertained as aforesaid by the Persons so to be nominated for that Purpose, or any Two of them), derived or to be derived from the said Drainage by such Lands and Grounds respectively; so that such annual graduated Acre Tax shall produce by the aggregate Amount thereof a Sum of Money equal to the Sum which would be produced if each and every Acre of such taxable Lands and Grounds had been charged with the annual Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, such Acre Tax to be in Addition to and over and above the Sum of Money to be yearly produced by the Tax of One Shilling per Acre, with which the Lands and Grounds in the said Second District are now chargeable by the said recited Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; which said several Taxes shall be paid to such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons, and at such Time ctf Times, Place or Places, and in such Manner and Form, as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct; and that the said proportionable additional Acre Tax shall continue to be charged and paid each and every Year, so long as it shall be necessary, in order to carry into Effect the Purposes of this Act; which said several Taxes shall be raised, levied, and recovered in Manner herein directed.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or in this Act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend foas to enable the said Commissioners to raise or levy any Rate or Tax for or on Account of any Lands or Grounds vested in the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or in any other Person or Persons for the Use and Benefit of the Poor of the several Parishes within the said Second District, or any of them.

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at any of their Half-yearly Meetings to be holden under the Authority of this Act, or at any Adjournments thereof, to reduce the Rates and Taxes herein authorized to be raised, levied, and collected, in such Way as they shall think proper; so that every such Reduction be made proportionably, and with due Regard to the Valuation to be made as aforesaid; and so that no such Reduction be made without the Consent of Two

Third*

34i

4.2° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Thirds in Value of the several Creditors of the said Rates and Taxes thereto.

XXXIII. And whereas the said Rates and Taxes so to be charged, For borrowing raised, levied, and collected as aforesaid, will not be sufficient to defray Mortgageof the immediate Expences of making the several Works necessary for the Taxt. not ex-speedy Improvement of the said Lands and Grounds; be it therefore ;"th'"^hote. enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at the First Meeting to be holden after the passing of this Act, or at any Adjournment thereof, or at any General Half-yearly Meeting of the said Commissioners (at which respective Meetings f ive Commissioners at leaf! shall be present) from Time to Time to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole (together with the Debts already incurred in executing the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the said Second Di(trid), the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, as they mall think necessary for the several Purposes of this Act, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to mortgage or assign the Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money to be charged by the Authority of this Act, or charged or to be charged by the Authority of the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, within the said Second E l id, as a Security for the Re-payment of such Sum and Sums of Money, with lawful Interest for the fame, to such Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the fame, and to his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; such Interest to be paid and payable by equal Half-yearly Payments; and all and every such Person or Persons to whom any such Mortgage and Assignment thereof shall be made, and all and every Person and Persons to whom any Mortgage or Alignment of the Rates and Taxes charged by the said recited Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the said Second District, hath or have been made, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditor and Creditors on the said Rates and Taxes in equal Degree One with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Sum of Money, either in respect of the Re-payment of such Money, or in the Payment of the Interest thereof.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all such Mortgages or Assign* ments shall be in the Words or to the Effed following:

dY Virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-second Year ‘ of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [set fort}) the Title ‘ of the Ad] We, whose Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed,

being Commissioners acting in Execution of the said Act, in Confides

ation of the Sum of to us in Hand paid by

A.B. do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise, unto the said A. B.

‘ his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the 1 Rates and Taxes arising by virtue of the faiu Ad, and of an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Elis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands mdfenv

Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Pent

commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers or Drains.called

Stoke River and Brandon River, and a certain Level or District called

[Lie. £5" Per.'] 4 R ‘ Fekwell

342 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Fekwell New District, "and /AcHardlands of Woodhall-in-Helgav, and

Helgay, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, within the said Second

District, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum advanced or to be advanced on the ‘ Credit of the said Acts; to be had and holden from this

Day of in the Year of our Lord

until the said Sum of

with Interest after the Rate of

per Centum per Annum, shall be repaid and satisfied. Given under our

Hands and Seals this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

Copies of the Mortgages to be entered.

Transfer of Mortgage*.

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered1 in a’ Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and such Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected by all Persons whomsoever, for which Inspection and Perusal the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, and no more; and all Mortgages or Assignments, which shall be made in the Manner and Form or to the Effect aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time assign and transfer the fame Security or Securities, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest to the Principal and In-tereff Money thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following r

I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of

‘ secured to Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, by virtue of a Mortgage or Assignment bearing Date the Day of under the Hands and Seals

of of the of the District,

acting in Execution of a certain Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-

second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, \_set

forth the Title of the Act] do hereby transfer all my Right and Tide in

and to the fame, and all the Principal and Interest Money now due and owing thereon, unto C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. 4 Dated this Day of in the Year of our

4 Lord ’

Notice of And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the be^iveifto0 Lid Commissioners, within Three Calendar Months next after the Date tiiedeikin thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, con-3»rMonth'" taining the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages or Assignments, and for which Entry the said Clerk shall be paid Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Taxes to be assessed and charged, and the Monies to be borrowed as aforesaid, and all other Monies which shall come to the Hands of the said Commissioners by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, shall be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners in the First Place in the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be advanced and paid for discharging the Costs and Expences in obtaining and passing this Act, with legal Interest for the fame, until the same shall be paid off and discharged, such Interest to be computed from the Day of passing of this Act; and that the Residue of the said Money shall be applied in making, effecting, alter* ing, and maintaining the several Works and Things to be done under the Authority of this Act; and lastly in Payment of the Debts due or to be due and payable out of the Taxes chargeable by the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, and of the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Rates’ Taxes, and Sums of Money by virtue of the recited Act or of this Act assessed or to be assessed upon and paid by the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds within the said Second District, shall be charged and chargeable with and for Payment of all and every Sum and Sums of Money so borrowed or to be borrowed as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof from Time to Time, and shall vest in the respective Creditors, upon Default of Payment of such Principal Money and Interest, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof; and the said Creditors respectively, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Alligns, Yhallhave the fame Powers, Rights, and Privileges of raising and recovering the said Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money for the satisfying and discharging to them such Principal Money and Interest, if Default shall be made in Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners or their Collector or Collectors have or would have had in case the said Principal Money and Interest had been regularly paid and satisfied.

XXXVII. And whereas great Trouble and Inconvenience has arisen to the Collectors or Receivers of the Taxes from the Mode of recovering the fame, prescribed by the said recked Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and large Sums are now due and in Arrear on Account of the Taxes directed to be levied and raised in the said Second District by virtue of the said Act; for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That in case the present Tax chargeable by the said recited Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or the additional 1’ax or Taxes charged by this present Act, or any of them, shall not be paid to the Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors thereof for the Time being, at such Time or Times in each and every Year, or at such Place or Places as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct and appoint for that Purpose (publick Notice of such Time or Times, and Place or Places of Payment being first affixed upon the Church Doors of the several Parishes wherein such Lands and Grounds so rated and taxed shall lie or be situate, for Two Sundays immediately preceding the said Time of Payment), within Twenty-one

343

Application of T.«x<s and Monies borrowed.

Taxes veiled in Creditor*.

Penalty on Non-payment of Taxe*witlw in a limited lime.

344

For Recovery of the Arrears of former Taxe?.

Fir» Payment ot T:.x on the taxahh uands thin the DillrLt.

Tenants to P*> Taxer.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Days after the Time so prescribed for Payment thereof respectively, every Person so neglecting shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Twenty Shillings due for such Taxes and not paid as aforesaid, and so in Proportion for every greater or lcfsSum than Twenty Shillings, to be raised, levied, and recovered in the same Manner as the Taxes charged by this Act are herein directed to be raised, levied, and recovered.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at the Time of passing this Act be in Arrear for any Tax or Taxes imposed and made payable by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in respect of any Land or Ground, Lands or Grounds comprized within the said Second District, and shall refuse or neglect to pay such Arrear or Arrears to the Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors thereof, at such Place or Places as the said Commissioners shall direct, within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act (publick Notice of such Time and Place or Places of Payment being first affixed on the Church Doors of the several Parishes wherein such Lands or Grounds in respect whereof the said Tax shall be in Arrear shall lie or be situate, for Two Sundays immediately preceding the said Time of Payment), every such Person so in Arrear shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Twenty Shillings of such l ax or Taxes so in Arrear and not paid as aforesaid, and so in Proportion for every greater or less Sum than Twenty Shillings; and such Tax or Taxes in Arrear, and such Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as the Taxes by this Act are herein directed to be levied and recovered.

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the First Payment of the Rate or Tax by this present Act imposed and made payable, shall be paid on such Day as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and shall be apportioned in Proportion to the Time which shall have elapsed between the passing of this Act and the Day appointed for the Payment thereof.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Tenants and Occupiers of all and singular the Lands and Grounds within the said Second District shall pay and they are hereby authorized and required to pay such Sums of Money as shall be charged on the Lands in heir respective Occupations by the said Commissioners, to the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners for the Purpose of receiving the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to and for every such T enant and Occupier to deduct and retain the fame out of his, her, or their Kent or Rents, and the several Owners of fitch Lands and Grounds are hereby required to allow such Deduction; and every such Tenant paying such Rate or AfTcffinent, shall be discharged of so much Money as the same shall amount to, as fully as if the fame had been paid to his or her Landlord; but nothing herein shall extend, or be construed to extend so as to enable any Tenant or Occupier to deduct from his or her Rent any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by him or her by virtue of this Act.

5

4 GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

XLI. Provided nevertheless, afnd be it enacted, That no Lessee or Tenant of any Lands or Grounds charged with the Rates or Taxes imposed by the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, or either of them, who shall hold the fame by virtue of cr under any Lease from any Bishop, or Collegiate Church or College, or any Ecclesiastical Corporation, Sole or Aggregate, or by virtue of or under any other L.ease or Agreement, of which other Lease or Agreement there shall at the Time of the passing of this Act be more than Three Years to come atui unexpired, shall be entitled to deduct the said Rates or Taxes, or any of them, out of the Rent reserved or payable by any such Lease or Agreement, but that the said Rates and Taxes shall be charged upon and paid by the Lessees or Tenants so holding such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid; and that all and every Lessee and Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, of any Lands or Grounds authorized to deduct the said Rates or Taxes from his, her, or their Rent or Rents, shall pay such an Advance of Rent as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them (not being interested in the Premises as the Landlord or Landlords of such Tenant or Tenants, nor acting as Commissioners under or by the Appointment of such Landlord or Landlords), at any of their General Meetings shall from Time to Time order, as a Consideration for the Benefit which such Tenant or Tenants shall or may receive by virtue of this Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act shall make Default in Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Sum or Sums of Money assessed, rated, taxed, or charged upon him, her, or them, for or in respect of such Lands or Grounds, or any Part thereof, by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act, or either of them, and shall continue in such Default by the Space of Thirty Days next after the Time appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid for such Payment, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized by the said Commissioners to collect such Taxes respectively, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of the said Commissioners (which Warrant or Precept such Two or more of the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to make and give, as there shall be Occasion, though not assembled at any Meeting in pursuance of this Act), to enter into and upon all or any Part of the Lands and Grounds so rated, taxed, or charged as aforesaid, and into and upon all or any Messuages or Tenements thereupon standing, and there, or in any Part or Parts of the Lands, Grounds, Messuages, or Tenements, upon which such Entry shall be made, to distrain all or any such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle, as shall be there found; and it shall and may be lawful for such Cclleftor or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, to impound the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, or any Part of the Messuages or Lands wheredn the same shall be found, or otherwise to take, lead, drive, or carry away and keep the fame for the Space of Five Days, leaving Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Distress or Distresses at the Messuage or Tenement, Messuages or Tenements, or in some conspicuous Part of the Lands or Grounds upon which such Distress shall be taken, or otherwise at the [L»c. e? Per-3 4 $ usual

345

Ko beneficial Lefleeto be alii wed to deduct Taxes.

Fcr Recovery of i axes.

346

42° GEORGII III. Caf. 24.

usual Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle; and if the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, shall not pay the Sum or Sums of Money so rated, taxed, charged, and distrained for as aforesaid, and of the Penalty incurred by the Non-payment of the Paid Sum or Sums of Money, within the Time herein limited for that Purpose, together with the Costs and Charges of such Warrant and taking such Distress, and of keeping and maintaining the fame, or replevy the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, according to the Law now in force for Non-payment of Rent, within the said Five Days, that then the said Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained shall be appraised by Two or more indifferenc Persons, to be sworn by the Constable or Headborough of the Parish or Place where such Distress shall be made (who is hereby authorized and required to administer an Oath for that Purpose), to appraise the fame according to the bell of their Judgements; and that after such Appraise-ment as aforesaid, the said Goods, Chattels, or Cattle, shall be sold by the said Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, for Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money so rated, taxed, enlarged, and distrained for, and of the Penalty incurred by the Non-payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money within the Time herein limited for that Purpose, and of the said Costs and Charges, and also of the Costs and Charges of appraising and felling such Distress; and that the Overplus arising from such Sale (if any) after Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money, shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle.

Taxes to be levied on the Goods of Persons driving their Cattle off their Lands.

XLIII. And whereas some Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands within the said Second District have fraudulently driven off their Stock, and removed their Property out of the said Second District, or to Lands not chargeable with the Tax charged by virtue of the said Act; made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in order to evade the Payment of the Taxes inArrear upon such Lands; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all Cafes where no sufficient Distress can be found upon such Lands and Grounds within the said Second District, whereon to levy the Tax or Taxes due and owing, or to become due and owing, by virtue of the said Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, or either of them, or the Penalty incurred for the Non-payment thereof within the Time herein limited, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of any such Rate or Tax, or any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the said Commissioners (which said Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, though not assembled at any Meeting in pursuance of this Act, are"hereby empowered and required from Time to Time to make, as Occasion shall require), to levy all and every the Tax or Taxes, and Penalty, which shall be then in Arrear, by Distress and Sale of any Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons so occupying any Lands chargeable with any such Tax or Taxes, whensoever or wheresoever such Goods or Chattels shall be found, together with all the Costs and Charges of levying the fame; and in case no sufficient Distress can be found upon any Goods or Chattels of any such Person or Persons so occupying any of the said Lands chargeable with such Tax or Taxes whereon to levy

S 47

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

such Tax or Taxes and Penalty, then and so often it shall be lawful for the said respective Collectors, Receivers, or other Persons, by virtue of such Warrant or Precept as aforesaid, to levy all and every the said Tax or Taxes, and Penalty, or such Part or Parts thereof, which shall be then in Arrear, by Distress and Sale of any Goods or Chattels of the OwneT or Owners of any such Lands or Grounds, whensoever and wheresoever such Goods or Chattels shall be found, together with all the Costs and Charges of levying the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Proprietor of any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying within the Second District aforesaid, shall, by Writing under his or her Hand, give Notice to the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being, of his or her Intention to relinquish and give up any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds into the Hands of the said Commissioners, in order to be exonerated from the Taxes and Penalties payable in respect thereof, then and in every such Case every such Person shall, from the Delivery of such Notice, be wholly exempt from the Payment of all Taxes and Penalties in respect of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds specified in the said Notice; and then and from thenceforth all Proceedings taken by the said Commissioners, or any of their Collectors, Receivers, or Agents, against any Person or Persons whomsoever, or against his, her, or their Stock, Cattle, or Effects, for Recovery of the said Taxes and Penalties so in Arrear in respect of the said Fen Lands and Low-Grounds so specified in the said Notice, shall be null and void; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, immediately after the Delivery of such Notice as aforesaid, to let by publick Auction all and every the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds so specified in the said Notice for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding Twenty-one Years, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, at the Discretion of them the said Commissioners; and the Monies arising from such letting shall be applied by the said Commissioners in Discharge of the several Taxes and Penalties that shall be in Arrear in respect of such Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and of the several Taxes to grow due in respect of such Fen Land* and Low Grounds during such Twenty-one Years, and the Overplus (if any), after paying and discharging such Taxes and Penalties, and the Charges and Expences of letting such Fen Lands and Low Grounds, shall be deposited with the Cletk to the said Commissioners, and shall be delivered upon Demand to the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Fen Lands and Low Grounds so let by the said Commissioners; and in case any such Fen Lands and Grounds shall remain uncultivated or unoccupied for the Space of Three Years, so that sufficient Distress cannot be had upon the fame, or upon other the Goods and Chattels of the Owners or Proprietors thereof, sufficient for the Payment and Discharge of such Taxes and Penalties as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to let the fame Lands and Grounds, and to apply the Monies arising from such letting in such and the same Manner as is herein-before directed, if such Owner or Proprietor had given Notice to the said Commissioners of his or her Intention to relinquiffi or give up the same.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any of the said

Cwntrs of

Lands, on giving Notice to quit. etc. exemp'ed froin Payment of Taxes, &c.

Penalty on neglecting t* rode and scour out Ditcliea, etc.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

said Fen Lands or Low Grounds lying within the said Second District* and to which any Droveway, Dike, Outring Dike, Division Dike, or other Dike or Dikes whatsoever, doth or shall belong, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to rode, icour, cleanse, open, or repair the fame, or to make such Dike of the Width of Nine Feet at the least, and of the Depth of Four Feet at the lead, after Fourteen Days Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their lall or usual Place or Places of Abode, from Time to Time for that Purpose, by the Collector, Receiver, or any other Officer or Officers for the Time being appointed by virtue of this Act, every such Owner or Occupier shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One Shilling for every Rod so neglected to be roded, scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, deepened, or widened as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful, from Time to Time to and for such Collector, Receiver, or other Officer or Person, to cause such Dike or Dikes, at the Expence and Charge of such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, to be roded, scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, deepened, and widened in a sufficient Manner, and made of the proper Depth and Width aforesaid; and also wherever a Road or Way shall have been made over or acrofc any Dike, without a sufficient Tunnel lying the rein, to cause such Roads or Ways to be taken up, and such Dikes to be made of a proper Width and Depth, with a sufficient Tunnel therein, at the biferction of such Collector, Receiver, or other Officer or Person, at the Expence and Charge of such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers; and by Y\ arrant or Precept under the Hands anti Seals of Three or more of the said Commissioners, though not assembled at any Meeting, to levy such Penalty, and also such Charges and Expences, upon such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods, Chattels, and Stock, wherever the same shall be found; and all such Penalties shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and if any Person or Persons, after such Dike or Dikes, Tunnel or Tunnels, shall have been so roded, scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, widened, and deepened by the said Collector, Receiver, or other Officer or Person as aforesaid, shall again fill, flop up, or in any Manner obstruct any such Dike or Dikes, Tunnel or Tunnels, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer the same to be in any Manner filled, flopped up, or obstructed, for the Space of Three Days, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace of the County in which such Dike or Dikes, Tunnel or Tunnels, shall respectively be situate or lie, upon the Oath of any One Witness, or by the Confession of the Party or Parties, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously burn, cut, throw down, break down, or otherwise destroy any Bank, Mill Hill, Mill, Engine, Flood Gate, Tunnel, or Sluice already erected, supported, maintained, or used, or which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be making, erecting, or be made or erected, supported, maintained, or used, by virtue of this Act, and the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, within the Limits of the said Second District, for draining or preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the same, or for other the Purposes of the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth

349

4.2° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act, or either of them, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cafes of Felony, and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall hereby have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felpns are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petty Larceny.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter permit or suffer any of his, her, or their Hogs or Swine to stray upon any of the Banks made or to be made, or kept in Repair, under the Authority of the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, within the said Second District, or shall fodder, or cause or permit to be foddered, any of his, her, or their Cattle, on any of the said Banks, or shall drive or cause to be driven any Cattle (except Cattle immediately driven to or from Pallure or Market), Cart, or Carriage thereon, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall set, fix, or place, or cause to be set, fixed, or placed, any Stack or Stacks of Hay or Reed on any Mound or Bank erected, maintained, or repaired, by virtue of the said recited Atl made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or o! this Act, without having obtained Leave in Writing for that Purpose from the said Commissioners, assembled at feme of the Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Act; or shall set down any Nets or Engines for the catching of Fish in any of the Drains, or wilfully or maliciously throw any Earth or other Obstrudions in any of the Drains made or to be made, erected, maintained, or repaired, by virtue of the said recited Act madein the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act; or if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall dig, throw out, or continue any Pond or Watering Place, or Place of Access for Cattle to drink, in any of the said Lands or Grounds within the said Second District, intended to be drained by virtue of the said recited Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, within Sixty Feet of any publick Drain already made, or at any Time hereafter to be made and used for the draining and improving of the said Lands and Grounds as aforesaid; or shall at any Time hereafter cut or dig, or cause to be cut or dug, any Turves, Hods, or Strifes, within the Dilfance of Sixty Feet of any of the Banks made and thrown up, or to be made and thrown up by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, within the said Second District, or of any of the Soke Dikes within the Limits of the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of the said Acts or either of them, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times maliciously spoil or damage any River, Drain, Watercourse, Engine, Sluice, Tunnel, Door, Dam, Heading, Bridge, \Loc. & Per.] 4 T or

Penalties on lu/fering Swine to ltrajr upon the Banks, ttc. j

or settlnjr Stacks of Hay or Reed thereon.

Penalty for setting Nets in Drains, ttc.

Penalty on Perfo.is damaging the Works.

35° 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

or other Work or Works, cut, set, or made up, or which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be making, cutting, or setting up, or to be made, cut, or set up, for answering the Purposes of draining and preferring the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within che Limits of the said Second District, or shall cut through any Lane, to the Intent or Purpose that the Waters of One Field within the Limits of the said Lands and Grounds so to be drained and preferred as aforesaid, fh.dl and may run into any other Field within the said Limits, then or in any of the said Cafes al! and every such Person and Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

Ho T recs to be planted, or B ending elected within 500 Yaids of any Engines, nor any Ditches to b$ cut within 40 Feet of the Foor of the Banks*

L. And be it further enacted, That no Tree, Hedge, or Holt, shall at any Time or Times hereafter be planted, nor any Building, Stack, or Rick be placed, erected, or built (except by the Order or Permission of the said Commissioners), nearer to any Mill or Engine made or to be made, erected, or employed for the Purposes of the said recked Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, or either of them, than Five hundred Yards; nor shall any Ditch or Drain be made, cut, or continued within Forty Feet of the Foot of any of the Banks within the Limits of the said Second District; and if any Tree, Hedge, or Holt shall be planted, or any Building, Stack, or Rick shall be hereafter made, erected, or built within the Distance of Five hundred Yards of any such Miii or Engine, or if any Ditch or Drain shall be made, cut, or continued within the Distance of Forty Feet of any such Bank, and if the CJwner or Owners of any such Tree, Hedge, or Holt, Building, Stack, or Rick, shall neglect to take down and remove, or cause to be taken down or removed, any such Tree, Hedge, Holt, Building, Stack, or Rick, or to fill up, or cause to be filled up, such Ditch or Drain for the Space of Fourteen Days after Notice in Writing shall have been given to him, her, or them for that Purpose, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, signed by any Three of the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Trees, Hedges, Holts, Buildings, Stacks, and Ricks, to be pulled down and removed, such Ditch or Drain to be filled up, and the Costs and Expences thereby incurred shall be re-imbursed to the said Commissioners by the Person or Persons who committed the Offence, and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three of the said Commissioners.

To mow

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause

Thjit.es, etc. a]j Thirties and Weeds which shall arise or grow upon or in any Bank, Drove, or Waste, within the Limits of this Act, to be mowed, cut down, and destroyed, as often as they shall deem necessary, and that they shall and may make such Allowances and Payments for that Purpose out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, as they shall think proper.

Mote« may

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it be destroyed. fl,aji amj may ^g ]awfuj to anij for the said Commissioners to destroy, or cause to be destroyed, all such Moles and other Vermin as shall be found 5 a *Q

42° GEORGII m. Cap. 24. 35£

in or about the Banks, Lands, and Grounds, the Drainage whereof is intended to be preferred or made under the Authority of the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act, or either of them, or in and about the Lands and Banks adjoining or lying near thereto; and for that Purpose to employ such Person or Persons, at such Wages and Salary as they shall think proper; and that they and such Person or Persons as they shall so employ, shall and lawfully may enter into or upon the said Lands and Banks, or any of them, for that Purpose.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Commitnon-shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are orders for hereby authorized and required, to appoint One or more Officer or Offi- "Ptn2 cers for the Purpose of opening and shutting down the Tunnels and xunnefi, Sluices already set down or to be set down and made Use of, for the Purpose of admitting Water from the River called The Brandon R ver, through the Bank, against the fame, for the Benefit of Cattle, or otherwise in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, in the said Second District; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to make such Order or Orders touching the opening or shutting down of the said Tunnels and Sluices as they shall think proper; and if the said Officer or Officers, or the Person or Persons acting Penalty on by or under his or their Authority, shall open or shut down any of the down

said Tunnels and Sluices, or any of them, contrary to such Order or Tunneuor Orders of the said Commissioners, or if any other Person or Persons whomsoever shall open or shut down the said Tunnels and Sluices, or any d-rZ ° of them, every such Officer and other Person so off ending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LIV. And whereas the Proprietors and Occupiers of Fen Lands he- J° *'1f lt0^1* quently dig or cause the same to be dug for Turf, whereby the said Lands Turf"8 ° are rendered of little or no Value, and often remain unoccupied for many Years afterwards, so that no Taxes can be levied thereupon, to the manifest Damage of the other Proprietors, and also of Creditors who have lent their Money upon the Credit of those Taxes; wherefore for preventing such Injury, and for the better securing of the Creditors of the said Second District, be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall dig or cut, or cause to be dug or cut, any Turf within the said Second District, except for the Purposes of Fuel to beconfumed in the Dwelling Houses of the Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds where such Turf shall be dug or cut, save and except he, she, or they shall have first given Security for the due and regular Payment of the Taxes charged on the Lands so intended to be dug or cut for Twenty Years after such digging or cutting, such Security to be approved of by any Three or more of the said Commissioners, or shall have paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Second District for the time being a Sum of Money equal to the Amount of Twenty Years Taxes thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to raise, levy, and collect the Amount of Twenty Years Taxes in respect of the Whole of the Land or Ground of which any Part shall be so dug or cut as aforesaid, lrom the Owner or Occupier of such Land or Ground so dug or cut, or of the Person or Persons so digging or cutting the fame, in such Manner as the feve-

352

Commissioner to let the Feed of the Banks by Audi ion.

1<

Ownrs ac-coui'tahl3 for D.images done by the Boatmen.

Masters to recover from Boatmen,

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

ral Rates and Taxes are herein directed to be raised, levied, and col-ledkd.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at any of their Half-yearly Meetings, or at any Adjournment thereof, from Time to Time, to let by Auction or other-wile, in such Lot or Lots, and at such Rent or Rents, Fine or Fines, ajid upon such Terms and under such Rules and Regulations as they may think proper, the Feed or Pasture of the several Banks, Common Drove Ways, and Waste Places within their Jurisdiction; and also such Lands adjoining thereto as may be purchased by the said Commissioners, or any Part thereof, for any Term not exceeding Three Years at any One Time; and the Person or Persons hiring the same shall have the exclusive Benefit of such Feed and Pasturage; and the Rents and Profits arising therefrom shall be paid and applied in the same Manner as the Taxes to be raised by virtue- of this Act are herein directed to be applied.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Master and Owner of every Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, navigating within the Limits of the said Second District shall, and he, she, and they is and are hereby made answerable for any Trespass, Damage, Spoil, or Mischief, that shall be done by such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, or by any of the Boatmen, Bargemen, Watermen, or other Person or Persons belonging to or employed in or about the fame respectively, to any of the Buildings, Bridges, Banks, Weirs, Locks, Basons, Dams, Mills, or other Works, erected, maintained, or repaired, or erecting or to be erected, maintained, or rep fired, by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, either by the loading or unloading of any Boat, Barge, Lighter,or other Vessel, or by any other Means whatsoever; and the Master or Owner of every such Boat, Barge, Lighter,or other Vessel, shall for every such Trespass, Damage, Spoil, or Mischief, upon Convict'on of any such Boatman, Bargeman, Waterman, and other Person or Persons, before any Justice of the Peace for the Counties of Norfolk or Suffolk, as the Case may be, on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and required to adVninifter), or on the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, forfeit and pay to the Party or Parties injured,’ such Damages, SatisfadlioD, and Compensation, as shall be ascertained, fixed, and determined by such Justice (provided that no such Damages, Satisfaction, or Compensation, shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds); and shall also, over and above, forfeir and pay to the Informer or Informers any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be settled and determined by such Justice; but in case such Damages shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds1, the said Master or Owner of such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, may, be sued and prosecuted for such Damages, Satisfaction, and Compensation, in any of His Majesty's Couris of Record; and if a Verdict or Judgement shall be given against him or her, either on Proof made, or by Default, or upon Demurrer, the Plaintiff’ in any such Case shall recover his Damages thereby sustained, with full Costs of Suit.

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Boatmen, Bargemen, Watermen, and other Person or Persons, and each and every of them, shall be liable to repay such Damages, Satisfaction, and Compensation and Penalty, so ascertained, fixed, and determined by such Justice,

with

353

42° GEORGII III. Cup. 24*

with the Colts of levying and recovering thereof, to such Master or Masters, Owner or Owners; and in case of Non-payment thereof upon Demand, and Oath made by such Matter or Matters, Owner or Owners, of the Payment made by him, her, or them, of such Damages, Satisfaction, Compensation, or Penalty, and that the fame and the Cotts thereof haye or hath not been repaid to him, her, or them, by such Servants, Boatmen, Bargemen, or Watermen, or any of them, although demanded (such Oath to be made before any One Justice of the Peace for the County where such Penalty and Satisfaction shall have been incurred), the Amount thereof shall be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is hereby directed to be recovered.

I.VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and For- rinssand feitures inflicted by this Act (the levying and recovering whereof is or are i'°‘ieitur's' not particularly herein-before directed), shall, in case of Non-pavtnent thereof, on Conviction of the Offenders respectively on his, her, or their Confession, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall be or reside, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices; and every such Justice is hereby authorized and required to examine Witnesses on Oath, and hear and determine the fame; and all such Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties (the Application whereof is not herein-before particularly directed), shall be paid into the Hands of the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and shall be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act; and the Overplus of the Money raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, and the Expences of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for Want of sufficient Distress, and in case the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, unless such Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made Persons ag. for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the peeved br Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on Account of any cover only t DefeCl or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Dif- magei) D*' tress, or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LX. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against; this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall \Lfic. 'tsf Per.] 4 U and

STS'

354

Form of Conviction.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Set-fions.

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form, e/r.

Limitation of Atfions.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following

Form; ('videlicet),

OE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

is convicted before of His Majesty's Justices

‘ of the Peace for the County of [specifying the Offence,

and the Time and Place when and inhere committed, as the Case may he] ‘ contrary to an Act of Parliament passed in the Forty-second Year of the ‘ Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here Jet forth the Title of the ACf\. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and SealsJ ‘ the Day and Year first above mentioned.’

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think, himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in such Case he, she, or they may, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall haveaiifen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions to be holden in and for the County in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise (first; giving to the Person or Persons appealed against, or to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, in case the Appeal shall be made against any Act or Determination of the said Commissioners, Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Nature thereof, and within Two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with Two fuffleient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon); and the said Justices shall, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, either hear and determine the said Appeal at such General Quarter Sessions, or if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall have ceased, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Matter in Dispute or Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Thirty Days Notice shall have been given, or after a fuffleient Satisfaction made or tendered, or after the Time so limited for bringing the same, or in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants j or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Non-suit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall

355

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for D^ublr Colli, recovering the famt as any Defendant hath for Colls of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes any Justice of the Commission-Peace may act as such in the Execution of the Powers herein-before con- j^c's^not tained, notwithstanding his being a Commissioner, except in Cafes wherein cterested. he shall be personally intended.

IXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall piainiffi not recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall Amcmit. have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Thirty Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action j nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in cale no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in tiny such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Moneyas he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings,

Order, and Judgement, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no- Preferring thing in this Act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to Corporation' invalidate, lessen, ditninith, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Pow'- of Bedford ers, and Authorities vested in the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty Level-of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators by virtue of an Act made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the draining of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, or by virtue of any other Act or Statute whatsoever; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever which by virtue of the said Act of the Fifteenth of King Charles the Second, or of any other Act or Statute whatsoever, now are rested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, and every of them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Extending the Claufts, Penalties, Exemptions, Matters, and Things contained in or fhfj,°ncsrof prescribed or appointed by the said recited Act of the Thirteenth Year of Act tothie the Reign of His present Majesty, not hereby taken away, altered, or Act-repealed, shall be of full Force and Effect with relation to the several Matters and Things by this Act prescribed or directed, and shall be applied

and

356

[Publick Act.]

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

and put in Execution, and have the like Force and Effect for obtaining and enforcing the Purposes of this Act, and be executed with this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein severally and respectively repeated, and had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Primed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*H xiHe*4

Cap. 25.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make Railways, to alter the Course of the Railway from Froghall to Caldon, and Part of the Course of the Canal from Froghall to Uttoxeter; and to amend the Trent and Mersey Canal Acts.

[15th April 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap, certain Persons therein named were united into One Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, with Power and Authority, at their own Costs and Charges, by the Ways and Means therein mentioned, to make, complete, and maintain a navigable Cut or Canal, passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the River Trent, below an ancient Ferry oiled Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap; and several Commissioners were ap-[Loc. ft? Per.~\ 4 X pointed

6 Geo.

1*

35s

10 Geo. 3.

15 Geo. 3.

16 Geo. 3.

ij Geo. 3-37 Geo. 3.

17 Geo. 3.

Company e powered to make certai Railways.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

pointed by the said Act for putting the several Powers thereby Veiled in them in Execution: And whereas the said Company have; in pursuance of the said Act, and of another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend the said Act, and of another Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual the said Two Acts, made and completed the said navigable Cut or Canal from the Trent to the Mersey: And whereas, by virtue and in pursuance of another Act, paised in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, the said Company have made and completed another navigable Cut or Canal from the said first mentioned Canal on the South Side of Harccastle, in the said County of Stafford, to Froghall, and a Railway front thence to or near Caldon in the said County: And whereas, by another Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual the said several recited Acts, the said two navigable Cuts or Canals were united and consolidated, and made One joint Undertaking: And whereas, by another Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Company have made and completed a navigable Cut from the said last mentioned Canal, which is now called The Caldon Canal, to Leek, and also a Reservoir for Supplying the said Canals with Water: And whereas, by another Act, passed in the said Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, the said Company were empowered to make a navigable Canal from the said Caldon Canal at Froghall, to or near the Town of Uttcxeter, in the said County: And whereas, by Surveys lately made, it appears that Railways may be extended from the said first mentioned Canal to Lane End, Hanley, and Eurjlem, in the said County of Stafford, which will be of great Advantage to the extensive Manufactories of Earthenware established at those Places, and be of publick Utility; and by such Surveys it also appears that the Course of the said Railway, from the said Canal at Froghall to Cal-don, and a Part of the Course of the said proposed Canal from Froghall to Uttoxeter, near Alveton Mill, in the Parish of Alveton, in the said bounty of Stafford, may be altered and improved, so as to render the said Railway and Lanai more generally useful and convenient: And whereas most of the Commissioners named in the said recited Acts being dead, it is necessary that others should be appointed for putting the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution; and several of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts require Alteration and Amendment: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present " Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, shall be and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, at their own Costs and Charges, to make and complete, and at all Times hereafter to support and maintain a Railway from the said first mentioned Canal at Stoke upon Trent to Lane End, and another Railway from the said Canal at Etruria to Hanky, and also another Railway from the said Canal at or near Dale Hall to Eurjlem, in the said County of Stafford, for the Passage of Waggons and Carriages, of Forms and Cor.-structions, and with Burthens suitable to such Railways, to be approved of by the said Company, and also to alter and vary the Course of the said Railway from Froghall to Caldon, and a Part of the said proposed Canal

359

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

from Ffoghall to Uttoxeter, near Alveton Mill, in the Parish of Alvclon, in the said County of Stafford, and to do and perform all such Matters and Things as may be necessary for making, effecting, using, and maintain ng the said proposed Railways, Alterations, and other Works, mak'ng Satisfaction for any Lands, Grounds, Hereditaments, or Waters, that shall be taken for the Purposes of this Act, and for any Trespass or Damage that shall be done in carrying this Act into Execution, in Manner directed by the said recited Acts of the Sixth, Tenth, and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Land to be taken and used, and for all Trespass and Damage to be done in or by the Execution of the Powers of the said recited Acts, or any of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Clauses, Powers, Autho- Powers of the rities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, and all other Matters and exT^nded.0'’ Things in the said several recited Acts contained, may and shall be used and exercised by the said Company, and shall extend to and be applied and enforced, as far as the same are applicable, and are not altered or restrained by this Act, and the Nature and Circutnflances will admit, for making, completing, preserving, and maintaining the said intended Railways, Alterations, and other Works hereby authorized to be made and executed; and that the said several Clauses, Powers, Authorities,

Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things, shall be and they are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, and shall extend to and may be used, exercised, applied, and enforced, for the maintaining and preserving of the several Cuts, Canals, Railways, and other Works authorized by and executed under and in pursuance of the said several recited Acts, or any or either of them, and for enlarging and improving the same, or any of them, as Occasion may from Time to Time require, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties,

Forfeitures, and other Matters and Things were herein repeated and reenacted; subject nevertheless to the Conditions, Limitations, and Re-strictions in the said several Acts and in this Act specified and contained; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to enlarge or improve any Wharfs or other Conveniencies, necessary and proper for the Occasions of the Publick, within the Distance prescribed and limited by the said first recited Act, making Satisfaction and (. ompensation as directed by the said Act, and not prejudicing or affecting any Wharf or other Works made or erected, or to be made or erected by any Person or Persons, on his or their respective own proper Lands, Grounds, or Wastes, under the Powers or Privileges of the said Act.

III. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the Line of the said intended Line of the Railways and Alterations hereby authorized, and the Lands through which work* the same are intendtd to be carried, together with a Book of Reference, ascertained. containing a List of the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, be it therefore further enacted.

That the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the End that all Persons may, at all reasonable Times, have Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame, and to take Copies or Extracts therefrom at their Will and Pleasure, paying the said Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling

360

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

for every such Inspection, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every Two hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Book of Reference; and that the said Company of Proprietors, in making the said Railways and Alterations, shall not deviate from the Line or Course thereof described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent in Writing of the respective Owners of the private Lands, or the Lord of the Manor wherein shall be fnuate any Common or Walle Ground through which any such Deviation shall be made, or the Guardians or Trustees of such O whers, or the Lord of such Manor, who shall be under any Disability or Incapaci y of acting for themselves; any Thing contained in the said recited Acts, or any of them, to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

Application ot Com pentagon w! en amounting to 100l.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the lame shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order ma le upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the lame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Meffusges, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Ufts, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be cxilting undetermined and capable of taking Effect , and in the mean Time and until such Pur-ehale shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pound.; per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the Hud Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from'Lime to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons w ho would lor the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so 3 hereby

361

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 2$.

hereby dirafted to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the fame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as lad before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in consideration of the Charges and Expences which the said Company mud necessarily incur and fultain in the making and maintaining of the said proposed Railways and other Works hereby authorized, it shall be lawful for the said Company from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter to ask, demand, take, and receive, to and for their own proper Use and Benefit, for Tonnage and Wharfage of all Coal, Stone, Timber, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed upon the said Railways or other Works, such Rates and Duties as the Company shall think fit, not exceeding the Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned; (that is to say),

For all Coal, Limestone, or other Stone, Sagar, Clay, Bricks, and Sand, to be carried or conveyed upon any of the said Railways so proposed to be made from the said first mentioned Canal to Lane End, ILoc. & Per.] 4 T Hanley,

Application where the Compensation is leifi than *oo/. and exceeds 20 /

Application where the M*ne. is left than 20/

Tonnage allowed to be taken.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Hanley, and Burslem, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ton per Mile, and for all other Goods and Merchandize any Sum not exceeding Three-pence per Ton per Mile:

For all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to be carried or conveyed upon the said Railway proposed to be made between the said Canal at Froghall and Caldon, any Suin not exceeding Two-pence per Ton per Mile:

And for all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to be carried or conveyed on the said Canal from Froghall to Uttoxeter, any Sum not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence per Ton, in lieu of the Rates and Duties granted by the said recited Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty

And in all Cafes where there shall be a Fraction-of a Mile, if such Fraction be more than Half a Mile, it shall, in calculating the said Rates, be taken as One Mile, and where such Fraction shall be under Half a Mile; it shall be taken as Half a Mile; and where there shall be a Fraction of a Ton in the Weight of any Lading, a Proportion of the said Rates shall be demanded and taken by the said Company according to the Number of Quarters of a Ton contained therein, so that r.o FrafUon be considered as less than a Quarter of a Ton; and that the said Railway, from the Canal at Stoke to the Lower Market Place in Lane End aforesaid, shall, on calculating the said Rates on such Goods as shall pal's on the said Railway to or from the said Market Place, be considered and estimated as Two Miles only.

WVich said Rates and Duties shall be paid at such Place or Places near the said Railways and other Works, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the said Company shall direct or appoint.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of Neglect: or Refusal of Payment on Demand of any of the Rates or Duties by this Act, or by the said recited Acts, or any of them, authorized to be demanded and taken, or any Part thereof, to the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same, the said Company may sue for the said Rates or Duties respectively, by Action of Debt or upon the Cafe, in any Court of Record, or such Person or Persons so appointed as aforesaid may, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to seize the Goods or other Things for or in respect whereof any Rate or Duty ought to have been paid, or any Part thereof, and the Boat, Vessel, or Carriage laden therewith, and to detain the fame until such Payment shall be made, and also until Payment of all Arrears of the said Rates which may be due from the Owner or Owners of such Boat or Vessel, or Goods, to the said Company, together with reasonable Charges for such Seizure and Detention.

IX. And whereas it is requifue that new Commissioners should be appointed, not only for executing the said recited Acts but this Act, be it therefore further enacted, That Richard Arkwright, Sir Francis Burdett Baronet, Hugh Bateman, Richard Bateman, Thomas Bainbrigge, John Balguy, the Honourable Nathaniel Curzon, Sir Henry Cavendtjh Baronet, Daniel Parker Coke, Nathaniel Gooding Clarke, Edward Dejlrowe, Thomas Evans, Edmund Evans, William Evans, Leonard Fojbrooke, Sir Nigel

Bowyer

3 63

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Bcwyer Gkefey Baronet, John Granville Clerk, George Grtav s Clerk, Sir Henry Harpur Barone*, Francis Hurt, Charles Hurt, John Har-rifon, William Drury Lowe, Francis Noel Clark Mundy, Edward Miller Mundy, Anthony Lax Maynard, Francis Mundy, Francis Newdigate, John Leaper Newton, John Porte, Thomas Parcs, Lord Viscount Tam-Worth, B.ache Thornhill, Charles Upton, Sir Robert JVilmot Baronet, Edward Wilmot, Francis Wilmot, Rob'ert Wilmot Clerk, Thomas Anson, Joseph Adams, William Anson, Charles Anson, Lambroke Anson, the Reverend Sir Thomas Broughton Baronet, Robert Bell, Hugh Bateman, Walter Bagot Clerk, Egerton Bagot Clerk, George Birch, Thomas Birch, Thomas Bretlel, James Beech, James Bent, Hugh Bailie Clerk, Sir John Chctwode Baronet, the Honourable, Robert Curzon, Robert Clownam, Henry Crockett., Richard Dyott, Edward Dickenson, Edward Dickenson Clerk, John Eld,1 Sjr Thomas Fletcher Baronet, the Right Honourable Lord Granville Levcfon Gower, the Honourable Booth Grey, the Honourable John Grey, Edward Grove, Thomas GifborneClerk, Sirj John Edenfor Heathccte Knight, Thomas Hinckley, Sambroke Higgins Clerk, Robert Harvey, Charles Inge Clerk, Clement Kynerfley, Thomas Kynerjly, John Lane, the Honourable Edward Monxktcn, Tho- mas Motterjhaw, Ralph Moreton Clerk, Thomas Mills, Sir Robert Pigot Baronet, Sir Robert Peele Baronet, Robert Parker, the Right Honourable Dudley Ryder, the Honourable Richard Ryder, William Robirfon Clerk, Anthony Rhudde, Josiah Spode, George Stedman, Walter Sneyd, William Sneyd, John Sneyd Clerk, John Swinfen, John Smith, Francis Spencer, Jo-feph Scott, Thomas Swinnerton, the Honourable John Talbot, George Talbot Clerk, Charles Wo[fley, Moreton Walhouse, John Ashton, Edward Wilbraham Bootle, Abraham Bracebridge, Roger Barnston, James Bayley, Thomas Blackburn, John Crewe, Thomas Cholmondeley, Offlcy Crewe Clerk, Davis Davenport, John Egerton, Wil/iamEgerton, Philip Egerton Clerk, Francis Henry hgerton Clerk, the Right Honourable George Harry Lord Grey, the Honourable John Grey, the Honourable William Booth Grey, Archibald Grey Clerk, John Glegg, Roger Jackson Clerk, Francis Joddrell, Sir John Fleming Leitester Baronet, Peter Legh of Booths, George Lcycester, Hugh Leycester, Ralpl) Leycester, Charles Leicester, Stephen Leeke, Egerton Leigh, Thomas Parker, Charles Potts, Henry Potts, Josiah Potts, John Thomas Stanley, Richard Salmon Clerk, Edward Thomycroft, James Topping, Trafford Trafford, Samuel Vernon, Sit Peter Warburton Baronet, George Wilbraham, Randle Willraham, and William Watkifs, shall be, and they and their Successors are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting the Laid recited Acts and this Act in Execution, in addition to the surviving or remaining Commissioners named and appointed in and by the said recited Acts; and that such and the fame Powers and Authorities as are granted by the said recited Acts, or any of them, to the Commissioners thereby appointed, and their Successors, or any Number of such Commissioners, shall be and they are hereby granted to and vested in the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, as well with relation to, and for the Purpose of carrying into Execution the said recited Acts as this Act; and the Provisions, Powers, and Authorities, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, contained in the said recited Acts, relative to the settling, determining, and adjusting of all Questions, Matters, and Differences touching the Execution of all or any of the Purposes of the said Acts, shall operate and be put in Execution in such and the same Manner, as well with relation to the said recited Acts as this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Provisions, Powers, Authorities, 3 Fines,

364 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were hereby repeated and reenacted.

The Company X. And whereas by the aforesaid recited Act of the Sixth Year of

1*0 o-o/d Re'Sn His present Majesty, the said Company of Proprietors were

which toge. authorized and empowered to raise and contribute among themselves, a no'a/othe"" Sum Money not exceeding in the Whole One hundred and thirty thou-Sums, have sand Pounds, (except as thereinafter excepted), and the fame is thereby ed^n*hc Exe ^irested to be divided and distinguished into Six hundred and fifty equsd cut »n of the Parts or Shares, at a Price not exceeding Two hundred Pounds per Share j Act, and it was by the said Act provided, that no Person subscribing the reunto,

or becoming a Proprietor in the said Navigation, should become a Proprietor of less than One Share Or more than Twenty Shares, either in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Person or Persons in Trull for him, (except the same shall come to him by Will or Act in Law), upon Pain of forfeiting to the said Company all such Shares exceeding Twenty Shares: And whereas the said Company did raise and contribute among themselves the said full Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, which with various other Sums of Money, have been expended . in the Execution of the Works authorized to be completed by the said recited Act; and the said Sum ol One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds now (lands divided into Six hundred and fifty equal Parts or Shares, at the Rate or Price of Two hundred Pounds per Share: And whereas it would be more convenient to the said Company of Proprietors if the said Six hundred and fifty Shares were divided and distinguished into One thousand three hundred Shares, at the Rate or Price of One hundred Pounds per Share, instead of the said Six hundred and fifty Shares at the Hate or Price aforesaid; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Six hundred and fifty Shares shall be and the same are hereby divided into One thousand three hundred equal Parts or Shares; and that all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who now Hand or llandeth possessed of or entitled unto One Part or Share in the said Navigation, Undertaking, and Premises, and the other Works united to and consolidated with the fame, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in being, or by this Act, at the Rate or Price of Two hundred Pounds per Share as aforesaid, shall henceforth be deemed and taken to (land poirdfed of Two Parts or Shares, at the Rate or Price of One hundred Pounds per Share, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Shares, not exceeding Fifty Shares, and shall have and be entitled to the like Privileges, Advantages, and Emoluments, in respect to the Number of Shares such Person or Persons, or Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall or may be possessed of or entitled unto in the said One thousand three hundred Parts or Shares, according to the Distribution aforesaid, as he or they now is or are, or would have been entitled to, had the said Shares continued or remained at the said Six hundred and fifty Parts or Shares; and the said One thousand three hundred Parts or Shares shall remain subject and liable to the fame Charges and Incumbrances as the said Six hundred and fifty Parts or Shares now are, or would have been subject and liable to, had the fame not been divided as aforesaid, or this Act had not been made; any Thing in this Act or the said recited Acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person, of Body Politick or Corporate, now being or hereafter becoming a Proprie- for in the said Navigation, Undertaking, and Premises, do or shall become a Proprietor of less than One Share or more than Fifty Shares, either in his own Name or in the Name of any other Person or Persons in Trult for him(except the same shall have come, or shall hereafter come to him, by Will or Act in Law), upon Pain of forfeiting to the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, all such Shares exceeding Fifty Shares as aforesaid; nor shall any Person be qualified to be elected as a Member of the Committee for managing the Affairs of the said Company, who is not at the Time of such Election possessed of Four Shares at lealt in the said Navigation and Premiffs.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons who is, are, or shall be possessed of, or entitled unto, One or more Share or Shares in the said Navigation and Undertaking, according to the Division and Distribution aforesaid, shall have a Vote in respect of every such Share in the General and Special Assemblies of the said Company, which Vote shall and may be given by him, her, or them, or by his, her, or their Proxy or Proxies, (such Proxy or Proxies being a Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Undertaking), duly conlticuted under his, her, or their Hand or Hands; the Appointment of which Proxy shall and may be according to the Form following; (videlicet J,

I A.B. of One of the Proprietors of the

Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, do hereby nominate, constitute, and appoint C.D. of in my Name, and

' in my Absence, to vote or give my Assent or Dissent to any Business,

Matter, or Thing relative to the said Navigation, which shall be pro-

posed at any General or Special Assembly of the Proprietors of the said

4 Navigation, or any Adjournment thereof, at all Times hereafter until 4 I shall revoke this Appointment by Notice in Writing under my Hand to 4'the Clerk to the said Company. In Witness whereof 1 have hereunto set my Hand this Day of ’

Provided, that no Person shall give or deliver more Proxies than for Ten absent Proprietors, or vote in any Question for more than One hundred Shares under or by virtue of such Appointments; any Thing in the said recited Acts, cr any of them, contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII. And whereas the said Company are by the said recited Act of tive Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, required to hold One General Assembly or Meeting of the said Proprietors on the last Tuesday in March, and another General Assembly or Meeting of the said Proprietors on the last Tuesday in September yearly, at or before the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon: And whereas the last Tuesday in March so appointed for holding One of the said General Assemblies has been found an inconvenient Time for holding such Gentral Assembly; be it therefore further enacted, That a General Assembly or Meeting of the salt! Proprietors shall yearly hereafter be held on the Wednesday in Eaf-ler Week, at or before the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon, instead of the last Tuesday in March as aforesaid, at which General Assembly or

\_Loc. & Per.] 4 Z Meeting,

365

No Person to have less than One Share or more than Fifty Shares.

Proprietors to h tveaVote for every Sha<e# by themselvei or Proxies.

Not to hold moiethan 19 Proxies or vote for more than 100 Shares.

A G rneral Assembly to be held on Wcanesday in Easter week.

366

If Person*

po/TrlTed of 500 Shares not present at a General A(-Itnib'y, another to be held.

Shares devolv ing by Mar liage, W.ll, He. to be notified.

Boats to be indexed.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Meeting, the Proprietors assembled shall be inve/led with the like Power* and Authorities, in all Respects, as if such General Afleinbly or Meeting had been held on the lait Tuesday in March as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, That if at any General Assembly to be held under the said last recited or this present Act, there shall not be Persons present who have Five hundred Shares according to the Distribution herein before made or directed, a new Assembly of the said Proprietors shall be held at the same Place on that Day Three Weeks following, lor the Purposes, and in the Manner required by the said recited Act.

XV. And whereas Inconveniencies have arisen by the Transfer or Transmission of Shares of and in the said Navigation by the Marriage and Death of Proprietors; be it therefore further enacted, That before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Navigation in Right of Marriage shall be entitled to receive the same, a Copy of the Regiller of such Marriage, or the Effect of such Eegiffer, Hull be legally and properly authenticated, and shall be transmitted to the Clerk to the said Company for the Time being, who shall file the fame, and make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept by the said Clerk for the Entry of Transfers of Shares in the said Navigation; and that before any Person or Persons claiming any Part of the Profits of the said Navigation, by virtue of any Bequest or Devise by Will, or by Letters, or in a Course of Administration, shall be entitled to receive the same, such Will, or the Probate Copy thereof, shall be produced and /hewn to the said Clerk, or a Copy of so much of such Will as shall relate to the Share or Shares of the said Te/tator, also legally and properly authenticated, or the Letters of Administration, in case the Proprietor shall have died intestate, shall be transmitted to the said Clerk, who shall file and enter the fame in Manner aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Owner or Mailer, or Person having the tare or Command of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, passing upon the said several Canals or Cuts, or any of them, shall, if required so to do by the said Company, or the said Committee of the said Company, fix on each Side of such Boat or Vessel respectively, correct Indexes of Copper, Lead, or other Metal, of such graduated Dimensions, and of such convenient Heighth, and under such Regulations, as the said Company or the said Cotrtmirtee shall from ’l ime to Time direct, so that the true Weight of the Lading on Board may at all Times be thereby ascertained and /hewn, and shall at all Times keep the fame in proper Repair and Order; and if such Owner, Master, or other Person having the Care or Command of any such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall after such Requisition made or notified to him, navigate such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, on the said Canals or Cuts, or any of them, without having such Index thereon as is herein-before directed, or shall alter, erase, deface, or destroy the fame, or any Part thereof, or shall fix any false Index or Figures on any such Boat, Barge, or Vessel, or shall refuse to permit fuel) Boat, Barge, or other Vessel to be gauged or measured, or any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes in any such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, to be weighed, measured, or gauged, in Manner directed by the said recited Acts or any of them, every Person offending in any of 8 the

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

the Particulars aforesaid shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor leis than Forty Shillings.

XVn. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners of every Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, and of every Waggon or other Carriage navigating or passing upon the said Canals or Railways respectively, flrall cauie his, her, or their Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, to be painted in large White Capital Letters, and the Number of such Boat, Barge, or Vessel, Waggon or Carriage, in Figures, on forne conspicuous Part of the Outside ot every such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, Waggon or other Carriage; and if any such Owner shall refuse or neglect: so to do, or shall alter, deface, eral'e, or destroy any such Letters or Figures, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall float any Timber on the said Canals or Cuts, or any of them, or shall suffer the Loading of any Vessel navigating the teon to lie over the Sides thereof, so as by such floating or loading to obstrud the Passage of any other Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, or to do any Damage thereto, or to any of the Works of the said Navigation; or shall load or unload any Goods or Merchandize in or over any of the Locks or Aqucduds of the said Canals or Cuts, or any of them; or shall navigate or cause to be navigated any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, on the said Canals or Cuts, or any Part thereof, without a Rudder to Iteer or guide the fame, or without a skilful Person on board to lleer and manage such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, and also a Person attending to drive the Horse drawing the fame; or shall cut down any Corn or Grass growing on any Lands adjoining oi contiguous to the said Canals, Cuts, or Railways, or any of them, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof respectively; or shall wilfully commit any Trespass on any such Lands with his or their Horse or Horses; or shall wilfully obllrud, hinder, or prevent any Person in the Execution of this Act, or any of the said recited Acts, every Person so offending in any of the Cales aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

Nat liiu /

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Owner or Owners of any Boar, Barge, Vessel, or Carriage, employed on the said Canals or Railways respectively by the said Acts or this Act authorized to be made, shall be compe-led to pay any Penalty, or to make Satisfaction for any Damages orcafioned by any Neglect or Default of his or their Boatmen or Servants, or any of them, (inevitable Accidents only excepted), such Boatmen or Servants respectively shall be liable to repay such Penalty or Damages, with the Colls attending the fame, to such Owner or Owners, to be recovered before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County where the Offence shall be committed, in such and the same Manner as Penalties under the said recited Acts, or any of them, are directed to be recovered.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons navigating or working any Boat or other Vessel on any of the said Canals, shall have on board any such Boat or other Vessel any Fishing Net, Engine,

Owners of Boats, Barges, and Waggons, to put their Names thereon.

Penalty on Persons floating Timber, or obstructing the Naviga-ti. n. or trel^ p.ilhng on Lands adjoining.

Owners of Boats may recover Penalties from their Servants-

Penalty on

having Net# on boara.

368 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

gine, or other Instrument for taking or defraying Fith, not being realty and bondfide Part of the Loading or Cargo of such Boat or other Vessel, such Person being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of any credible Witness, before any Justice of the Peace acting for the County where the Offence shall be committed, Aral! for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and in case the Mailer, or any other Person having the Care of any Boat or other Vessel upon any of the said Canals, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person employed in navigating such Boat or other Vessel, to have and keep on board the fame any such Fishing Net, Engine, or other Instrument, and shall be thereof convicted in Manner aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

For compiling Servants to deliver up the Posseffion of Houses

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of the Rates or Duties granted by the said recited Acts or this present Act, or other Servant of the said Company appointed or to be appointed under the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act, who shall be discharged by the said Company from his OfKce or Employment, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of the House, Buildings, and Appurtenances which he occupied in Right of his Appointment, within Six Days after Notice of his Discharge given to him, or left at such House, or if the Widow or other Representative of any such Collector or Servant, who shall die in the Service of the said Company, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any such House and Pretnifes within Fourteen Days after Demand made of such Possession, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the Division where such House shall be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order the Constable or other Peace Officer, u'ith such Assistance as may be necessary, to enter such House and Premises in the Day Time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods, from and out of such House, and to place therein the Successor appointed by the said Company to such discharged or deceased Collector, or other Person as aforesaid, or such other Person as shall be by the said Company authorized and appointed to take Possession thereof.

For granting

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Persons wi!o Company, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any General h ve been in Meeting or Assembly to be holden in pursuance of the said first recited ti>C Ad, to give and grant to such Officers and Servants as may have served

a we .1 cer- them with Integrity and Fidelity for any Term not less than Twelve Years,

tain Time. and who shall, by reason of Age or Infirmity, be incapable of further

Service, (such Incapacity to be ascertained by the Oath or Affidavit in Writing of a Physician, and of a Surgeon or an Apothecary, sworn before some Justice of the Peace for the County wherein such Officer or Servant shall refute, and which Justice is hereby empowered to administer such Oath , Annuities for their respective Lives, or for shorter Terms j such Annuities not to exceed One Half of the Salaries or Wages paid to them respectively by the said Company, and not to take tiffed or be in Force till ratified or confirmed at some General Assembly, to be held after that at which the same shall be first ordered or directed to be so given or granted.

4.2° GEORGII HI. Caff. 2;.

'S6g

XXVI. And whereas by the said fiifl recited Act it is enacted, that nothing therein contained shall extend or be construed to extend tb de- Mines o" feat, prejudice, or affect the Right of any Lord or Lords of any Manor Coals, eu. or Manors, Common or Waste Grounds, or any Owner or Owners of any Lands or Grounds in, upon, or through which the said Cut or Canal,

Towing Paths, Wharfs, Qua^s, Trenches, Watercourses, or Convenien-cics aforesaid, or any of them, shall be made, to the Mines, Minerals, or Quarries lying or being within or under the Lands or Grounds to be set out or madeUfe of for such Cut or Canal, Towing Paths, Wharfs,

Quays, or other Conveniencies aforesaid, or any of them, but all such Mines, Minerals, and Quarries are thereby referred to such Lord or Lords of such Manor or Manors, or of such Common or Waste Grounds, and to such Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds respectively, their Heirs or Assigns; and that it shall be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords of such Manor or Manors, Common or Waste Grounds, or such Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds respectively, subject to the Conditions and Restrictions therein contained, to take and carry away to his or their own Use such Mines, Minerals, or Quarries, and such Salt Springs, Brine, and Rock Salt, not thereby injuring, prejudicing, or obttruding the said Cut or Canal, Towing Paths, Wharfs, Quays,

Sluices, Watercourses, or other the Conveniencies aforesaid, or any of them j any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding } be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Worker, or Owners or Mi,eSnotti> Workers of any Coal or other Mine or Mines shall, in purfiling such l,e worntd to Mine or Mines, work near to or under any Part of the said Canals or Railways, so as in the Opinion of the said Company to endanger or da- &c. " mage the fame, or in the Opinion of the said Owner or Worker, Owners or Workers of the said Mine or Mines, to endanger or damage the further working thereof, then it shall be lawful for the said Company to treat and agree with the Owner or Worker, Owners or Workers, for ali such Coals or other Minerals as may be near to or under the said Cartals or Railways respectively, and shall be thought necessary to be left for the Security or Preservation of the said Canals or Railways respectively, or of such Mine or Mines as aforesaid; and in case the said Company and such Owner or Worker, Owners or Workers of such Mine or Mines, shall disagree in the Satisfaction to be made for such Coal or other Mine so to be left as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at the Request: of the said Company, or of such Owner or Worker, Owners or Workers, to cause a Jury to be funimoned and iinpannelled in Manner directed by the said last: recited Act; who shall and they are hereby authorized and required, by the Ways and Means prescribed by the said Act, to assess and determine the Satisfaction to be made to such Owners or Workers of the said Mine or Mines by the said Company for the Quantity so to be left unworked as aforesaid, and upon such Satisfaction being made, such Owner or Worker,

Owners or Workers of such Mine or Mines, shall be, and he, she, or they are absolutely restrained from working such Part or Parts of the said Mine or Mines for which such Satisfaction shall be made as aforesaid; save and except Liberty to cutnnd drive such Levels or Headings as may be necessary for working the other Part or Parts of such Mine or Mines, not exceeding Four Feet in Breadth or Five Feet in Heighth each, nor nearer to each other than Twenty Yards.

[Loc.&JPtr.] 5 A

37°

[Publick Act.]

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

XXIV. And be it farther enacted, That this Act Aral I be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons are hereby required to take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

t . ’ I,) f

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 26.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the fame relate to the Roads from Otley to Skip-ton, in the County of York, and from Skipton aforesaid to Colne, in the County Palatine of lLancaster; and for altering the Course or Direction of certain Parts of the said Road from Otley to Skipton aforesaid.

[15th April 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the V/cft Riding of the County of York, through Otley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley, and Blakeburn, to Burscough Bridge, in Walton, in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton, through Gif-burn and Clitheroe, to Frefton, in the said County of Lancaster, whereby [Icr. y Per.'] j B ' the

>S Geo. s.

374

»i G«o. j.

Former Act» continued.

New Trustees.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

the said Roads were divided into several Diflridls, and the Roads between the Towns of Otley and Skipton, and Skipton and Colne aforesaid, were thereby made Two separate Diflridls: And whereas an Act was passed, in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of the said first mentioned Act as related to the said Two Diflridls of Road herein-before mentioned, and another District of Road therein mentioned: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, so far as the fame respectively relate to the said Two Diflridls of Road from Otley to Skipton, and from Skipton to Colne aforesaid, have proceeded to put the said Acts into Execution; and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit and Security of the Tolls arising within or upon the fame Diflridls respectively; which are Hill due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Diflridls of Road be kept in Repair, unless the said Acts be continued for a further Term, and some of the Powers and Provisions therein contained varied, altered, and enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, Provisions, Penalties, and Clauses therein contained (except such of them as are repugnant to any of the Provisions in this Act, and as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), so far as the fame respectively relate to the said Two Diflridls of Road between Otley and Skipton, and Skipton and Colne aforesaid, shall be and the same are hereby continued, for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein patticularly inserted, repeated, and re-enacted; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained; and this Act, and the additional Term, and the Tolls hereby granted in the said respective Diflridls, shall be and the same are hereby respectively made subject to the Payment of all Monies due and owing upon the Credit of the said Acts, on account of the said respective Districts, or that may hereafter be borrowed in pursuance of this Act, and all Interest due or to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That John Atkinson of Lincoln's Inn, Thomas Atkinson of Lincoln's Inn Fields, William Atkifort of London, William Atkinson of Kirkby, William Atkinson, of Skipton, Richard Ambler, Thomas Brown, William Brown, Robert Birlwhijlle, John Buck of Newton, Samuel Bradford, William Chambers Bagshaw, John Bolling, George Benson Clerk, join Baldwin of Manchester, I hennas Beanlands, John Blackburn, John Belton, Robert Benson, William Birkbcck, Hrtl-liam birkbcck junior, John Birkbeck, Richard Ramsden Bramley, Chrtf-iopher Bramley, Christopher Bramley junior, Robert Bramley, John Bramley, Thomas Bradshaw, Robert Buckhanan, M, D. George Baron, Thomas Cockjhott, John Cock/hott, Henry Croft Clerk, John Nicholas Coulthurst, William Matthew Coulthurst, Henry Coulthurst, Edward Coulthurst, Charles Coulthurst, Nicholas Coulthurst, Thomas Collins D. D.,

John

375

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

yd:it Chapman Clerk, John Carr, Thomas Chamberlain, Abraham Chamberlain, George Chamberlain, William Chamberlain, Robinson Chippindale, Thomas Chippindale, Edward Chippindale, Joseph Chippindale, John Clayton, Thomas Clayton, Edmund Cockjhott, John Cunlijf, Ellis Cun-liss, William Cunlijf, Nicholas Cunlijf, William Carr Clerk, Ambrose Dean, George Dixon, Dawjon Dixon, Robert Dynley Clerk, John Dyn-ley, Richard Ecroyd junior, Henry Ecroyd, Henry Edmondson, Samuel Elam junior, Richard Folds junior, Jeffrey Folds, benjamin Ferrand, Walter Faukes, James Fox, Richard Greenwood, Thomas Gill, William Greenwood, Thomas Garforth, Thomas Garforth junior, Peter Garforth, Peter Garforth junior, James Garforth, Thomas Gartbam Clerk, John Hitching. Anthony Hitching, Richard Holmes, John Harrison, Edward Heelis, Thomas Heelis, Richard Hartley, John Hartley Clerk, William Hartley of Bradley, John Hartley of Carry Bridge, John Flail, Richard Hartley, Abraham Hargraves, James Hargraves junior, Thomas Hargraves, Sir Henry Carr Ibbetson, Thomas Johnson, Stephen Johnson, Flenry Johnson, William Janfon, John Lijler Kay, the Honourable Henry Laf-celles, the Honourable Edward Lafcellts, the Honourable Thomas Lijler, Anthony Lijler junior, Thomas Lijler, Henry Lijler, John Lee, Benjamin Lan^with, Richard Lowcock, William Middleton, Thomas Metcalf, Joseph Mason junior, Thomas Mason of Gargrave, Thomas Mason of EJhton, Edward Moorhouse junior, William Moorhouse junior, James Moorhouse, John Mnrgerefon, George Merryweatber, Thomas Marfden, Clerk, William Marriott, William Nutal, Richard Nowell, Christopher Netherunod, John Netherwood, John Parkinson of Winterburn, John Parkirfon junior, Thomas Parkinson, Thomas Fieston, John Prejlcn, Wil iam Preston, Thomas Parker, John Parr, John Peart, Robert Pi abler, Richard Prabler, John Proller of Langber, William Ruwfthorn, J'fias Rimivgton, Walter Rimington, John Rufhworth, John Robinson, Richard Henry Roundels, Danfon Richardson Roundels, Henry Dawson Roundels, Savilie Richardson Roundels, Septimus Ward Rouoaelc, John Swale, William Sedgwick, Benjamin Shires, Joseph Smith of London, joftph Smith of Addingham, Edmund Spencer, Richard Sagar, Thomas Spencer, Oates Sagar, Francis Sagar, Richard Shackleton, John Smithson, John Slinger, William Fenton Scott, George Smith of Thornton, William Sinclair, Joseph Shaw, Henry Skelton, Chrtjlcpher Smith, Stephen Tempest junior, Charles Tempest, Henry Tempest, John Tempest, Walter Tempest, Matthew TilLtfon, Charles Tindall, William Tindall. Thomas Thornier, Anthony Taylor, Joseph Taylor, John Taylor, Thomas Thornber, John Thornier, Matthew Wilson junior, of hjkton, M- tthew Wilson of Otley, Henry Fourness Wilson Clerk, William Ambrose Wilson, Richard Wilson, James Wilson of Colne, James Wilson of Hayroyd, Richard Wainman, Richard Wroe Walton Clerk, James W igglcsworth Clerk, John Williams, Henry Wilkinson junior, Thomas Wilkinson junior, Francis Wilkinson Clerk, Peter Wat-kinson, Richard Waddilove, William Atkinson Wafney Clerk, John Whitaker, Jonas Whitaker, Thomas Wilkinson, of Broadbank, ‘1 homas Wilkinson of Colne, Thomas Wright, Joshua Windle, William Wrathall, Anthony Wrathall, Harry Wormald, Thomas Wormald, Griffith Wright junior, John York, and John Yorker, shall be and they are hereby adoed to and joined with the surviving and remaining Trustees nominated or elected by or by virtue of the said respective Acts, or either of them; and that the Truifees hereby appointed, together with such surviving or remaining Truifees, being qualified as herein-after mentioned,shall be and chey aie hereby authorized

to

376

Qualifications of the Trtif-toes.

Act* of Truf-tecs previous to Cnvision, declared valid.

Former Tolls in the Otley and Skiplon Diltr;£t to cea(e.

New Toll; in t. at Lilli i&.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

to put the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution with respect to

the said Two Districts of Road.

III. And whereas the present Qualifications of the Trustees are deemed insufficient, be it therefore enacted, That the same shall be and they are hereby repealed, so far as relate to the said Two Districts of Road; and that no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in any Case, in the Execution of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the f.iid Two Districts, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the adua! Post'ession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, being Freehold, Leasehold, or Copyhold, of the clear yearly Value ot Fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent to same Person or Persons having an Estate of the yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, or possessed of Two thousand Pounds in Personal Estate; and if any Person or Persons, not being qualified as aforesaid, shall prefutne to ad contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person for such Offence shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who thail inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster; any Thing in the said former Acts, or either of them, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons who hath or have acted, or shall act as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, or any of them, although not qualified as aforesaid previous to his or their being convicted of such Offence, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been so qualified.

V. And whereas the Tolls by the said recited Acts authorized to be taken on the said District of Road from Otlty to Skiptoh aforesaid, are inadequate to the Purposes of sufficiently diverting, improving, amending, completing, and maintaining the lame District, and repaying the Money borrowed thereon, and the Interest thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That the Tolls authorized to be taken in that District of Road by the said former Acts, or either of them, shall be and they are hereby repealed; and thatinlfead thereof, the respective Tolls following shall be demandable and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall appoint for that Purpose, before any Cattle or Carriages shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say).

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Flearfe, Curricle, Chaise, Chair, or other such like Carriage, drawn by Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, at the First Toll Gate or Turnpike which every such Carriage shall pass, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike the futther Sum of One Shilling, and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Four Plorfes or Beasts of Draught, at the First Toll Gate or Turnpike the Sutn of One Shilling and Sixpence, at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of One Shilling, and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, at the First Toll Gate or

Turnpike

377

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Turnpike the Sum of One Shilling, at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Eight pence, and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sunt of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses or Bealls of Draught, at the Firfh Toll Gate or Turnpike the Sum of One Shilling, at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Sixpence, and at the Third Toil Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, at the Fird Toll Gate or Turnpike the Sum of Sixpence, at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Rum of Two-pence, and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, drawn by Eight Horses or other Beasts of Draught, at the Fird Toll Gate or Turnpike which every such Carriage shall pass, the Sum of Three Shillings, at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, at the Fird Toll Gate or Turnpike the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of One Shilling, and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, at the Fird Toll Gate or Turnpike the Sum of One Shilling and Ten pence, at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of One Shilling, and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of One Shilling and Ten-pence; and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, at the Fird Toll Gate or Turnpike the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Sixpence, and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, at the Fird Toll Gate or Turnpike the Sum of One Shilling, at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Sixpence, and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, at the Fird Toll Gate or Turnpike the Sum of Nine-pence, at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Three-pence, and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, at the Fird Toll Gate or Turnpike the Sum of Four-pence, at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Two pence, and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Four-pence; and for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, drawn by One or any other Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught, having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, such a further Toll or Duty as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall order and direct, not exceeding One Fourth Part of the Tolls or Duties hereby imposed and granted upon the said Road between Otley and Skjpton, upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other such like Carriages, at each of the said Gates or Turnpikes which the same shall or may pass:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, at the Fird Toll Gate or Turnpike which any such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, shall pass, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny, and at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of One Halfpenny, and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

[Loc.&FerJ 5 C For

37#

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, at the First Toll Gate Which the same shall or may pass, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, at the First Toll Gate or Turnpike which the same shall or may pass, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number

wiaybTu'co- ^Yhich Tuid several Tolls, and the Tolls or Duties heretofore granted v«rud, &c. upon the said District of Road between Skipton and Colne, shall be and the fame respectively are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and the fame and every Part thereof, shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, mortgaged, assigned, reduced, varied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and with such Penalties for evading Payment thereof, and with such Powers, Provisoes, Exemptions, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said recited Acts with respect to the said Districts, but subject to the Regulations and Alterations in this Act contained.

or v"Prov'^ed always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful new Tolls. for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which Twenty Days Notice shall be given in Writing, under the Hand of the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, to be fixed upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected within the said District, between Otley and Skipton, and in One or both of the Leeds Newspapers, from Time to Time (with the Consent of the Persons entitled to Four Parts in Value of the Money then due and owing on the Security of the Tolls arising in that District), to lessen or reduce all or any of the Tolls granted by this Act within such District, for and during such Time as the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall think proper, and afterwards, at any Meeting to be held as aforesaid, from Time to Time, if they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the several Tolls granted by this Act within such District; and such Tolls so reduced and raised again, shall be collected, recovered, and applied, in the same Manner as the Tolls hereby granted within that District are to be collected, recovered, and applied.

pnw.rtoai.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for and not-portionsin" withstanding any Thing herein contained, it shall be lawful for the said which the new Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, at any Meeting or Meetings, Xhefled'tobe upon giving such Notice as last aforesaid, to order and direct the Tolls taken. hereby granted upon the said District of Road from Otley to Skipton, to

be taken and received in different Proportions than those herein-before specified, and to direct and appoint in what Proportions the same shall be received, at all or any of the Toll Gates and Turnpikes erected within the same District.

Restriction

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That so much of a ^TolKiate5 certain Clause in the said recited Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the tic. repealed'. Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, as enacts that no

Turnpike

379

4i° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Turnpike or Toll Gate shall be set between the Market Cross in the Town of Otley aforesaid, and a certain House m Burley West Lane, in the Township ot Burley, therein called Major Forsler’s House, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

IX. Provided further, and it is hereby enacted, That no more than Three Toll Gates or Turnpikes shall be erected, fixed, and continued, across the said Road from Otley aforesaid to Skipton aforesaid, and that One of them shall be fixed and invariably remain between the Town of Otley aforesaid, and the Town or Village of Burley aforesaid, East of the Road there leading to Bradford, Menfton, and other Places, at such Place in particular within the Distanc.e last aforesaid, as the Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall order and direct; and that another of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes shall be fixed and invariably remain at such a particular Place between the Town or Village of Addingham, and the Foot of the Hill commonly called Bloe Bank, as the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall order and direct; and that another of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes shall remain where the fame now is erected in the Town of Skipton aforesaid, or shall be fixed by the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, and afterwards remain within the Diltance of Half a Statute Mile therefrom.

X. And whereas, by the said recited Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are empowered to divert and alter the present Road from Addingham to Skipton aforesaid, (being Part of the said District of Road from Otley to Skipton), by and through the Village of Draugbtcn, in the Parish of Skipton aforesaid, in the Course and Direction therein particularly mentioned: And whereas it would be of great Utility to the Publick, if the Line of the said intended new Road in the Township of Adding-ham were varied, by carrying the fame over a certain Close called The Well Close, belonging to John Cuncliff Gentleman, and a small Part of the Glebe Lands, also belonging to him as Impropriate Rector of Addingham aforesaid; and also if Part of the Line of the said intended new Road in the Township of Skipton aforesaid, were varied from the Well End, or Part of a certain Close called The Ings Close, belonging to the Earl of Thanet, and made in the Course and Uiredtion following; (that is to say), ftonr thence North Westward to the Town of Skipton aforesaid, by, through, and over certain inclosef Lands of the said F.arl, called Lower Cow Close, The Meadow or Llorfe Close Meadow, Llorfe Close, Alice Crofts, New Close, and East Field, in the respective Occupations of Edward Moorhouse, John Mitchell, and Messieurs Dale, their Assigns or Under Tenants, and by, through, and over a certain Road or Lane called The Hun or Hurt Lane, and the inclosed Lands adjoining thereto, and from thence, by, through, or over the Close or Croft belonging to the Feoffees and Trustees of the Free Grammar School of Skipton aforesaid, situate on the North Side of New Market Street, in the Town of Skipton aforesaid, and the Scites of certain Messuages, Cottages, and Buildings in that Street, in the respective Occupations of James Oldfield and George Emmot; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to carry and make that Part of the said intended new Road through and over the said Close called The Well Close, and the said Glebe Lands respectively.

Re ft lie t ions as to Toll Gates*

The Course of the intend r.ew Road may he altered, and how.

3.8°

By whom new Hoad to be repaired.

Building, etc. belonging to

Mr. Cunt iff may be taken down.

Manner of adjourning Meetings.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

and from the said West End of Ings Close, to the Town of Skip/on aforesaid, by, through, and over the Lands, Grounds, and Buildings, and in the Course or Direction herein-before particularly described, making such Satisfaction to the Owners of the said Lands, Grounds, and Buildings respectively, and other Person or Persons interested therein, or in any Part thereof, as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and such Owner or Owners, and Person or Persons interested; and in case they cannot agree touching such Compensation, then the fame shall be settled and ascertained as in and by the said recited Acts, or either of them, are provided for widening, turning, or altering any Part or Parts of the said Road from Otley to Skipton aforesaid; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, and Provifrons in the said recited Acts, or either of them contained, for diverting, turning, or widening any Part of the said Twq Diilrifts, shall be duly applied and put in Execution for making the said new Road herein-before described.

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when the said intended new Road from Addingham to Skipton aforesaid shall be made and fenced, the same shall be and is hereby declared to be a common Highway; and that so much thereof as is or shall be situated within the Townflrip of Skipton aforesaid, shall be repaired and maintained by the Inhabitants of that Townfhj'p, and that the Remainder thereof shall be repaired and maintained in such Manner, as by the said re, cited Act of the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty is provided in that Behalf; including that Part of the said new Road which shall be made over the said Well Close and Glebe Lands in that which is by the said recited Act directed to be repaired and maintained by the Inhabitants of the Township of Addingham aforesaid; any thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them contained, to the contrary in any, wise notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to take down the old Building, Helm, or Shed, situated at the North West End of and appurtenant to a certain Messuage known by the Sign of the life and Crown, situated in Addingham aforesaid; and also to take so much of the Croft, Garden, Orchard, and Front respectively adjoining and belonging to the fame Messuage, severally belonging to the said John Cunliff, as will be necessary to widen that Part of the said Road, making such Compensation to the said John Cunliff, and all other Persons interested, as shall be agreed on between them and the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in case they cannot agree, as shall be ascertained and settled in the Manner provided by the said recited Acts, or either of them.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the fame recited Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, as directs the Meetings of the Trustees for the said District of Road between Otley and Skipton to be held at Skipton and Otlcy alternately, and the Meetings of the Trustees for the said District of Road between Skipton and Colne to be held at Skipton and Colne alternately, shall be and the fame is hereby iepealed; and that the said Trustees shall

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26. 381

shall and may meet at the House of John Newell, known by the New Inn in Skipton aforesaid, on the Second Saturday next after the Day of the Commencement of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Three in the Afternoon, and shall then and there proceed to carry this Act and the said recited Acts into Execution; and shall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves respectively to the fame or such other Place, upon any Part of the said Two Districts of Road between Otley. and Skipton aforesaid, and between Skipton and Colne aforesaid, as the said Trustees, or the major Part of them present at any such Meeting, shall think proper and convenient; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to act. Three Trustees shall be sufficient to adjourn such Meeting, or in case the said Trustees, at any Meeting appointed, shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, the Clerk to the said Trustees shall, from Time to Tune, as often as such Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to fame other Day within Two Calendar Months from the Day on which such Adjournment shall be made, and shall cause Notice thereof to be given upon all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erected in that District of Road for which such Adjournment shall be so made, and by an Advertisement or Advertisements to be inferred in One or more of the Leeds Newspapers as to the said District of Road from Otlty to Skipton aforesaid, and in One of the Blackburn Newspapers as to the Paid District of Road between Skipton and Colne aforesaid, at least Ten Days before the Day to which such Meetings shall be so adjourned.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, °^Compent»-purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to amounting any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, Feoffees, Trustees, or I®01,"'*01' Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, ll‘" ic0 ‘ if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled to the fame or the like Uses,

Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking F.ffeft j and in the mean [Lh. ft? Per.'] 5 D Time

382 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Product of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Mo-Compensati n ney agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or He-is lets than reditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and

e«°d» '* be*onK'ng to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any

Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money'll let. than ney agreed or assessed to be paid as herein-before mentioned shall be 30 /. less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

fh^Ex^encei

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Expences, Costs, and

/theas'* Charges, which shall attend the soliciting, obtaining, and passing this Act, and incurred preparatory thereto, shall be paid and defrayed in equal Moieties or Shares, with legal Interest on the Money advanced out of the respective Monies arisen, or which shall first arise from the

Tolls

383

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Tolls within the said respective Districts, in Preference to any other Payments whatsoever, except the same shall be directed to be paid in different Sums or Proportions by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, ad- Publick Act judged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken

Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on Term of the the Day of receiving the Royal Assent, and shall continue for the Term A4K

of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

1 ibjjO

'.- i

" " 0. "

: ’ j a \.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

( .*»

Cap. 27.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof.

[15th April 1802.]

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland Aflofihe in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred p*rli*"e"t and Seven, an Imposition or Duty of Two Pennies Scots °l7o"! "" ‘ (over and above the Duties of Excise) was laid upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed, brought in, tapped, vended, and fold within the Town o(Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for paying off and discharging such Public Debts as had then been incurred on several Occasions by the said Town, which Ad was to have Continuance for the Term of Twenty-Four Years, to be computed from the Twenty-Fifth Day of March, which was in the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seven: And whereas, by another Act passed in Act + Geo. *. the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, it was enacted, That the said Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, by the said former Act granted, should be further continued and made payable to the Provoff, Magistrates, and Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Dundee, and their Successors in Office for the Time being, and their Collectors and Assigns, for the several Purposes in the said Act particularly mentioned and declared -, which said last-mentioned Act was to continue and be in force for and during the further Term of Twenty-Five Years, to be computed from the Twenty-Fifth Day of March One Thousand Seven [Z.cc. (st Per.] 5 E Hundred

386 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

Hundred and Thirty-One, and from thence to the End of the then Act 20 next Session of Parliament: And whereas, by another Act passed in the

Geo. 2. Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

[Preamble.]

Second, intituled, An rift for enlarging the ’Term and Powers granted by Two /ibis of Parliament for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in the said APIs and this pre/ent API mentioned, it was enacted, That the said recited Aftrs, and each of them, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Articles, Rules, Penalties, Provisoes, and Clauses therein contained (except such Clauses, Matters, and Things as were by the said last-mentioned Act altered or varied), should continue, and be in force, and be executed from and after the First Day of May in the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Forty-Seven, for and during the Term of Twenty-Five Years by the said former Acts granted, as well for empowering the Magistrates to pay, Yearly, out of the said Duty, the Sum of Sixteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-Pence, as an additional Provision to each of the Three Ministers of the said Town, and their Suc-ct films for the Time being, and also for other the Purposes in the said former Acts, or either of them, mentioned, as for finishing and completing the Common Hall and the Gaol of the said Town , and for empowering the Magistrates and Town Council to convert the Hospital of the said Town, then used for the Reception of decayed Burghers, into a Workhouse for employing and setting the poor Inhabitants of the said Town to work j and that from and after the Expiration of the Term by the said former Acts granted, the fubfilling Term was by the said last mentioned Act enlarged and continued for the further Term of Twenty-Five Years from thence next ensuing, and frorr. thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-Act 16 G. 3. ment: And whereas, by another Act paged in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Three Acts of Parliament for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and tie Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, it was enacted, That the said Duty by the said former Acts granred and continued, should be further continued and made payable for the several Purposes in that Act, and the said former Act, specified, from and after the Expiration of the Term by the said last recited Act: granted, for the further Term of Twenty-F'ive Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, subject and liable to the Payment of the Money then due and owing, or to be due and owing on the Credit of the Duties by the said former Acts, or any of them, or the said recited Act granted and made payable for the Purposes therein mentioned and declared: And whereas the Money arising from the said Duty hath been duly applied, according to the Direction of the said Acts, and great Pro-grets hath been made in carrying on the Works thereby directed to be clone, whereby a considerable Debt is now owing on the Credit of the said former Acts, which cannot be paid off, and the Repairs and other necessary Works by the said Acts directed to be done, carried on, and completed, unless the Term and Powers by the said former Acts granted be enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may 12 be

387

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Ma-jrfty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament affein-bied, and by the Authority of the same, That the imposition or Duty Duty further granted and made payable by the said recited Acts, upon Ale and co"linuec|-Beer brewed, brought in, tapped, vended and fold within the Town of Dundee and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof shall, from and after the Expiration of the Term by the said Acts granted, be further continued, ratfed, levied, collected, paid and made payable to the Provost, Ma-gi ft rates and Town Council of the said Burgh of Dundee, and their Successors in Office for the Time being, and their Collectors and Assigns for the further Term of Twenty-five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid imposition or Duty Cohesion of shall, during the additional Term by this Act granted, be raised, levied the Duties, and collected from Persons of the fame Description, and by the fame

Means and Methods, and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures, and be accounted for, paid and applied, to and for the same Uses and Purposes as by the said former Acts are directed; and that the Provost, Magistrates and Town Council of the said Burgh of Dundee, shall be and continue Trustees for such Application, with the fame Powers, and subject to the same Rules and Directions as are mentioned and declared in the said recited Acts; and that the said recited Acts, and every Authority, Power, Article, Rule,

Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be of the fame Force and Effed, to all Intents and Purposes, for raising, collecting, securing, and levying the said imposition or Duty, and for applying the same to the Uses and Purposes mentioned in the said recited Acts, so far as the same are not already executed, for and during the additional Term for which the same are hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if the said former Acts were particularly and at large repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act (except such Clauses, Matters and Things, as are by this present Act varied or altered).

III. And be it further enacted, That the Honourable AlexanderDuncan, Overseers. the Honourable William Maule of Panmure, Sir John Wedderburn Baronet

of Bailendean, Alexander Fotheringham Ogilvie of Powrie, George DempJler of Dunnichen, Patrick Scrym/oure of Tealing, James Guthrie of Craigie,

Charles Hunter of hurnfide, David Hunter of Blackness, William Douglas of Brigton, Robert Speid of Ardovie, James Ogilvie of IJlabank, John Rankine of Dudhope, Fletcher Reid of Logie, David Fyffe of Drumgeilb, David Anderson of Balgay, James Clayhills of lnvergowrie, and George Paterson of Castle Huntly, shall be and are hereby appointed Overseers of the imposition or Duty hereby continued and granted, and of the Application thereof (excepting always what shall or may concern the aforesaid Hospital, and the Pensions paid to decayed Burghers, and in relation to the said Workhouse and the Poor employed therein), in Place and Stead of the Overseers appointed by the said recited Acts, and shall have, and are hereby veiled with the fame Powers, and under the lame Regulations, as are in and by the said above-recited Acts

granted

388 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

granted and given to the former Overseers, as well as all other the Powers hereby made and given, any Thing in the said former Acts, or herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Accounts to

IV. And be it further enacted, That at the First Meeting of the said be laid be- Overseers after the patting of this Act, the Magistrates of the said Burgh Overseers DunJee shall, and are hereby required to lay before the said Overseers, or any Three or more of them, an Account of all the Debts of the Town at that Time due and owing, to be entered in a Book to be kept Overseers to for that Purpose; and that at the said first or any subsequent Meeting Laws t^1c Overseers, they or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to make and settle such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the better Management and Government of the different Matters and Things in the said recited Acts, and this present Act mentioned, (except as before excepted,) as to them shall appear to be necessary, confident always with the said former Acts and this present Act, and the Laws of Scotland: And the said Magistrates shall, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, to lay before the Overseers an Account of all the Debts contracted upon account or

by reason of any of the Matters and Things aforesaid, (except as

before is excepted,) together with the Agreements, Covenants, Accounts, and Vouchers relating thereto; which said Account of Debts shall be fairly entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be entered yearly, and every Year, during the Continuance of this present Act.

[Public Act.]

V. And be it further enacted, That this present Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

a*

Cap. 28.

An Act to amend and render more effectual An Act made in the seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of St. Mary Islington in the County of Middlesex.

[15th April 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Seventeenth Year of His 17 Gt». 3. present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of St. Mary Islington in the county of Middlesex, audfor building a Workhouse for the said Parish

And whereas from the numerous Increase of the Poor of the said Parish, the present Workhouse is too small for their Reception; and great Inconveniencies have arisen by reason of there being no Building which can be used as an Infirmary for the Poor when sick, and other Buildings are occasionally wanted for the Reception of Lunatics and other poor Persons who are deemed improper to be among the Poor in the said Workhouse; and the said Act requires to be altered and amended: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees Power to appointed in or by virtue of the said former Act, and their Successors, borrow Mo-or any Nine or more of them, to borrow in like Manner as directed "'y* in the said Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Thousand Pounds, (over and above the Sum authorised to be raised by the said Act) at as low a Rate of Interest as the fame can conveniently be procured; which Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed, or any Part thereof, the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them are hereby authorised and empowered to appropriate and apply for the Purposes, either of enlarging the prefenc Workhouse, or of renting a sufficient Quantity of Land, and erecting the ieon a Building or Buildings to be uied as an Infirmary for sick [Loc. Per.] 5 F poor

390 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

poor Persons belonging to the said Parish, and for the Reception of insane poor Persons, and such others as are or shall be unfit to be admitted into the Workhouse; which Building or Buildings, and any Wall or other Fence necessary to surround the fame, shall be contracted and paid for in like Manner as is directed in the said former Act.

Part of a

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs Clautein the Rates anj Assessments thereby authorised to be collected to be

KMiled made and laid as the same shall be ascertained and rated to the Land

P ' Tax for the Time being, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed;

and that all Rates and Assessments which shall be made for the Relief of the Poor, and for the Payment of Annuities and other the Ends and Purposes of the said former Act, or of this present Act, either by the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Parishioners, or by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall be made and laid upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, or enjoy any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-House, Stable, Cellar, Vault, or any other Building, Tenement, or Hereditament within the said Parish; and on every other Person and Persons, who by Law, or under the said former Act, or this present Act, is, are, or shall be chargeable or liable to be assessed according to the then yearly Rent, or yearly improved Value of the Premises; which Rates and Assessments shall be allowed by Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, as in the said former Act is directed: And that no Rate or Assessment to be made by the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Parishioners, shall be valid, unless the Number of Thirteen Parishioners, which, according to the Custom of the Parish, constitute a Vestry, (including the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor,) shall attend to make the same.

How Rates

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons are to be charged with any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall

recovered. refuse or neglect, after Demand made by the Collector or Collectors for the Time being, to pay the Money rated or assessed upon him, her, or them respectively, it shall be lawful for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to summon, by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, all and every Person and Persons so charged, and who shall have so refused as aforesaid (on Oath being made before such Justice or Justices by the Collector or Collectors for the Time being, of his or their having attended at the Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons then intended to be summoned, and demanded the Rate or Rates, and of such Person or Persons having so refused or neglected to pay the fame) to appear before such Justice or Justices, at a Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons (Service by such Collector or Collectors, or any of the Constables, Headboroughs, or Beadles of the said Parish of every such Summons, either by delivering the same to the Person or Persons thereby intended to be summoned, or leaving the fame at his, her, or their usual or last known Place of Abode to be deemed sufficient); and if any Person or Persons, so summoned, shall refuse or neglect to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Summons or Summonses; or if he, she, or they do, or shall attend, and shall not

make

39i

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

make it appear to such Justice or Justices, that he, she or they is Or are not chargeable with such Rate or Rates according to the said former Act, or of this Act, then all and every the Person and Persons who shall have been so summoned, shall pay as well such Rate as the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Summons; and in all Cafes where the said Rate or Assessment, Costs and Charges, shall not be paid upon the Return of such Summons, it shall be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, who shall have issued the fame, and he and they is, and are hereby authorised and required (on Oath being made before him or them of the due Service of such Summons or Summonses as aforesaid) to grant a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, authorising and directing such Collector or Collectors, cr any Constable or Constables, Headborough or Head-boroughs, Beadle or Beadles of the said Parish, to levy such Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments respectively, and all Arrears thereof, and the Expence of the Summons, and of the Warrant, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refusing; and if within Five Days next after any such Distress shall be so made, the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments and Arrears, and the Costs and Charges of the said Summons and Warrant, and of such Distress, and of keeping such Goods and Chattels, shall nor be paid and satisfied, it shall be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, Constable or Constables, Headborough or Headbo-roughs, Beadle or Beadles, to cause the said Goods and Chattels, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, to be appraised by one or more Appraiser or Appraisers, and sold to pay the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, together with such Arrears, Costs, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, and the reasonable Charge of such Appraiser or Appraisers for his or their Trouble, returning the Overplus of the Money arising by such Sale (if any) to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels respectively, on Demand thereof made by him, her, or them.

IV. And be it enacted, That when any Person or Persons shall come into, inhabit, hold, use, occupy, or enjoy any Land, House, Shop, Ware-house, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, or any other Building, Tenement, or Hereditament within the said Parish, which any other Person or Persons assessed shall cease to occupy, or shall remove from, or which, at the Time of making such Rates or AffdTments, was or were unoccupied, or empty; that then, and in such Case, such Person or Persons so ceasing to occupy, or removing from, and every Person and Persons succeeding in the Occupation of, or removing into the fame, shall be liable to pay the said Rates or Assessments, in proportion to the Time that such Person or Persons occupied the fame respectively (provided there be not more than Half a Year’s Rate unpaid), in the same Manner, and under the like Penalties, as if such Person or Persons, so removing, had not removed, or such succeeding Occupier or Occupiers had been originally rated and assessed in such Rates and Assessments; which Proportion, in case of any Dispute, shall be ascertained by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; Provided always that nothing in the said Act, or in this Act contained, shall extend to tax, rate or assess any Person for any of the Purposes of the said Act or this Act, or subject any Person

to

Succeeding Tenants made answerable (or Arrear* of former Occupiers In certainCafei.

392

Trustees to ariministeran Ouh to Persons appealing against the Races.

€uch part of former Act as not altered, tct continue in force.

Eepence of this Act how to be paid.

[Public Act.]

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

to the Payment of any of the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of the said Act, or this Act, for any Land, House, Shop, Ware-house, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, or any other Building, Tenement, or Hereditament within the said Parish) which shall be unoccupied or empty during the Time the same shall be so unoccupied or empty, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall think himself, herlelf, or themselves aggrieved by the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be charged on them for such Lands, Houses, or other Premises, in any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments to be made by virtue of the said Act, or this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons to apply to the said Trustees for Relief; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any of their said Meetings, having first examined the said Parties upon Oath, (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them are hereby authorised to administer) as to the real annual Rent, or annual Value of the Premises so rented or occupied by them, may, and are hereby empowered to deduct such Proportion of the said Rates and Assessments as shall appear to them to be an Overcharge: And in case any Person or Persons shall apply to be excused the Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money rated and assessed on them respectively, by reason of their Poverty, and it shall appear to the said Trustees that such Person or Persons so applying to be excused the Payment as aforesaid, is, or are through Poverty unable to pay the fame, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound with, or in Part or wholly to remit such Sum or Sums of Money due from such Person or Persons, and which shall have been rated and assessed upon him, her, or them, by virtue of the said former Act, or of this Act: Provided always, That any Person or Persons, dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Trustees, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace in the Manner prescribed by the said recited Act.

i \

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisoes, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Act, (except so much thereof as is hereby repealed, altered, explained or amended,) shall be and continue in full Force and Lffeft.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges of passing this Act shall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of any Monies that shall be raised, by virtue of or under the said former Act, or this present Act.

3l ,; 11 . w‘'( ! .

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts whatsoever, as a public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons are hereby requited to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

1W itr*

Cap. 29.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving certain Open Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Manor or Parish of Alrewas, in the County of Stafford. [ r 5 th April 18 02. J

WHEREAS there are, within or belonging to the Manor or Parish of Alrewas, in the County of Stafford, certain Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds, called Fradley Heath and Alrewas Hay, and other Parcels of Commonable Land or Waste Ground, containing together by Estimation Two thousand two hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and there are also certain Open Meadows within the Manor or Parish of Alrewas aforesaid, commonly called the Orgreave Meadow, Burway Meadow, Longlake Meadow, Statfo/d Meadow, B> tedford Meadow, Burlake Meadow, Efftngton Meadow, Mickle holme Meadow, Salterholm Meadow, and New Close Meadow, containing together about Three hundred and thirty Acres: And whereas Thornes Anson of Shugborough, in the said County of Stafford, Esquire, is Lord of the Manor of Alrewas aforesaid, and Owner of the Soil of all the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds; and the said Thomas Anson, together with the Reverend the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Lichfield, the Reverend John Drake IVainwright, Vicar of the Parish of Alrewas aforesaid, [ Lee. 1st Per.~\ 5 G the

394

Commissior.

tfrs.

Commi loners to lake the following

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

the Honourable Spencer Stanley Chichester commonly called Lord Spencer Stanley Chichej'.er, Richard Teld, Richard Hurdman, Thomas Dicken, William Bagg ley, and several other Persons, have severally for themselves and for their respective Lessees or Tenants Right of Common in and upon the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds; and the said Lhomas AnJon, the said Dean and Chapter of Lichfield, Richard Teld, John Teld, Richard Wright, William Baggcley, Samuel Gillett, and divers other Persons, are Owners of the said Open Meadows: And whereas William Vyfe Clerk, Doctor of Laws, Prebendary of the Prebend of Alrewas, founded in the Cathedral Church of Lichfield, and Francis Cobb of the City of Lichfield, Esquire, his Lessee, areor One of them is entitled to the Tythes of Corn, Grain, and Hay, and other Great Tythes, and also to a Moiety of the Tythe of Lambs and Wool, within such Parts of the said Manor as lie within and are Part of the Parish of Alrewas aforesaid, or to certain customary Payments in lieu of such Tythes; and the said John Drake Wainwright, as Vicar, is entitled to the other Moiety of the said Tythe of Lambs and Wool, and to all other the Small Tythes within the said Parish, or to certain customary Payments in lieu thereof; and the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry, in Right of his See, is Patron of the said Prebend of Alrewas; and the said William Vyfe, as Prebendary of Alrewas, is Patron of the Vicarage of Alrewas aforesaid: And whereas the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds, and the said Open Meadows, or certain Parts thereof, are in their present State incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be of great Benefit to the several Persons interested therein, and of publick Utility, if the fame were divided and allotted in specifick Shares among the Owners thereof, or Persons having Right of Common thereon, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein, and such Allotments inclosed and improved in the Manner herein-after directed; but as such Division, Inclosure, and Improvement cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament; may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Bijhton the younger, of Kilfale in the County of Salop, Gentleman, Samuel Wyatt of Burt on-upon-Trent in the County of Stafford, Gentleman, and Francis Robinson of the City of Lichfield, Gentleman, and their Successors, to be elected and appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for setting out, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commonable Lands, Waste Grounds, and Open Meadows, and for doing, ordering, and directing such Matters and Things as shall be necessary and expedient for the Purposes of this Act, and for carrying it into full Execution and Effect, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein-after contained; and that all Acts, Matters, and Things which shall be done and executed by any Two of the said Commissioners, or their Successors, shall have the fame Effect, and be as valid in all Respects, as if the fame were done by all the said Commissioners.

II. Provided always, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of the Powers given by this Act (unless it be in Exercise of the Powers hereby given of administering an Oath,

and

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

and giving Notice of the First Meeting of the said Commissioners),.until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath or Affirmation following; (that is to say), ' 3

‘ I do swear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do so-‘ 1 lemnly affirm] that I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, ao ‘ cording to the belt of my Skill and Ability, execute the Tfufts, Powr ‘ ers, and Authorities veiled and reposed in me as a Commissionef by vjig ‘ tue of an Act, passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of the Ait~\ ivcco^djpg ‘ to Equity and good Conscience, and without Favour, Aileftion, l^re*

judice, or Partiality to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation it shall be lawful for any One of the said Commissioners to administer, and such Commissioner is hereby required to administer the same to the other Commissioner or CommissioneTS respectively; and the said Oath or Affirmation so taken and subscribed as aforesaid, and also the Appointment of every new Commissioner, if any such there shall be, with the like Oath or Affirmation to be taken and fub: scribed as aforesaid, shall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award hereinafter directed to be made.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Savings, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Ail certain Provisions usually infected in Acts of h/closure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fails usually required on the faffing of filth Acts, are contained and enacted, and are not controuled by or repugnant to any of the Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations contained in this Act, shall be duly enforced, practised, applied, and put in Execution for the dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, and Open Meadows, so far as the same are applicable thereto respectively, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all such Powers, Authorities, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Savings, Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been expressly inserted and re-enacted in this Act with Relation thereto.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the said John Bifhton the younger, or any Commissioner to be elected in the Place or Stead of him, or his Successor, shall die or refuse to act, the said Thomas Anson, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor of Alrewas for the Time being, within Thirty Days after such Death or Uefufal shall be known by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, shall elect and appoint a new Commissioner (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure), in his Room; and that if the said Samuel IVyatt, or any other Commissioner to be elected in the Place or Stead of him, or his Successor, shall die or refuse to act, the Owners of the major Part of the Messuages or Tenements entitled to Allotments under this Act, who shall attend a publick Meeting to be called for that Purpose at a Time and Place in Alrewas aforesaid, to be fixed by the surviving Commissioner or Commissioners

395

Oath.

General Act of 41 Geo. 3. to be put into Execution, w.jeie not re. pugnant to this A«t.

Appointment of new Com-

miiiioners in case of Death or Refusal to act.

396

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

sioners (of which Meeting Notice shall be given on the Church Door of Alrewas aforesaid, and in the Birmingham Gazette and Stafford Newspaper, in case they shall be then published, or otherwise in Two cth> r Newspapers usually and generally circulated in the Manor of Alrewas aforesaid, or in the Neighbourhood thereof, at lealt Twenty Days before such Meeting), shall from Time to Time, within Forty Days after such Death or Refusal shall be known by Writing under their Hands, appoint another Commissioner, not interested in the said Division and Inclosure, in his Place; and where there are several Joint Owners of a Messuage or Tenement, the Voices of the major Part of such Joint Owners present at such Meeting shall be deemed the Voice of all the Owners of such Messuage or Tenement; and in case the said Francis Rchinfon, or any Commissioner to be elected in the Place of him or his Successor, shall die or refuse to act before he shall have executed the Powers for which he is appointed a Commissioner, the said William Vyfe, or his Succefifors, Prebendaries of the said Prebend of Alrewas for the Time being, and the Vicar of Alrewas aforesaid for the Time being, shall from Time to Time, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands respectively, within Thirty Days after such Death or Refusal shall be known, elect and appoint another Commissioner, not interested in the said Division and Inclosure, in his Room; and every such new Commissioner so to be appointed shall have the like Powers and Authority for putting this Act into Execution, as if he had been named a Commissioner in and by this Act; which said respective Writing or Writings, appointing such new Commissioner or Commissioners, shall be iniolled with the Award of the said Commissioners.

Commission- V. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Commissioners enAllowance. who shall act in the Execution of the Trulls and Powers vested in them by this Act, shall be paid the Sum of Two Guineas for every Day he shall so aft, or necessarily travel for the Purpose of acting, or be returning Home from acting, in full Satislaction for the Trouble and Expence which he shall be put unto in the Execution of the said Trulls and Powefs.

Surrey to b*

VI. And be it further enacted, That such Person or Persons as shall be * appointed Surveyor or Surveyors by the said Commissioners shall, as soon

as conveniently may be after such his or their Appointment, make or cause to be made a true and perfect Survey and Admeasurement, and also a Plan or Plans of the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds, and also of the said Open Meadows hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and that such Survey, Admeasurement, and Plan or Plans, shall be reduced into Writing, and shall specify the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches, Statute Measure, of the said Commonable or Waste Grounds, and of the said Open Meadows, and also the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches, Statute Measure, belonging to each Proprietor respectively in the said Open Meadows; and shall also specify the Quantity of Acres, Roods, and Perches, Statute Measure, of which the said Part of the said Waste Lands or Grounds, called Alrewas Hay, doth consist, and shall therein mark out and distinguish the fame from the Rest of the said Waste Lands or Commons, called Fradley Heath; which Surveys, Admeasurements, and Plans, shall be delivered to the said Commissioners,

to

397

4-2° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

to be by them used for the Purposes of this Act; and all such Surveys, Admeasurements, and Plans, shall, before the setting out of the Allotments herein-after directed to be made, be verified on Oath before the said Commissioners, by the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons employed in making and taking the fame; which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to administer.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That if any Plan or Plans, Survey or Surveys, or Admeasurement or Admeasurements already made of the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, or Open Meadows, or any of them, or of any of the said ancient inclosed Lands, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, shall be produced and laid before the said Commissioners at their First Meeting, and verified on Oath by the Person or Persons who made the fame, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make life of the fame, without causing any new Survey, Plan, or Admeasurement to be made or taken thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to cause Notice in Writing under their Hands, or under the Hand of their Clerk or Clerks to be by them named and appointed, to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Alre-was aforesaid, and also to be inserted in the Birmingham Gazette and Stafford Newspaper, or in case neither of them shall be then published, then in Two other Newspapers usually circulated in the said Manor of Alrewas, or in the Neighbourhood thereof, of the Time and Place of their First and every subsequent Meeting for executing the Powers hereby vested in them, at leaf! Ten Days before the Day of such Meeting, (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and the said Commissioners shall and may adjourn themselves from Time to Time, as they shall see Occasion, for the further Execution of this Act; and in case Two Commissioners shall not meet at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting shall be so adjourned, it shall be lawful for any One of the said Commissioners present at such Time and Place to adjourn the said Meeting to be holden on any future Day, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day of Adjournment; and the said Commissioner making such Adjournment, or the Clerk to the said Commissioners, is hereby required to give Notice thereof to the absent Commissioners.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all other Notices necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioners, shall be so made and given by Advertisements in the said Birmingham Gazette and Stafford Newspaper, or in case neither of them shall then be published, then in some other Newspaper circulated in the said Manor of Alre-was aforesaid, or the Neighbourhood thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of ascertaining the Boundaries between the said Waste Land called Fradley Heath, and the adjoining Parcel of Waste Land called Alre-was Hay, hereby directed to be inclosed, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required, at such Time or Times as they shall appoint, by giving such Notice as last aforesaid, to examine into, settle, ascertain,

[Lee. £9* Per.'} 5 H and

Commislir.it* ers m3y accept Surveys already made.

Commissioners to give Notice of Meetings,

How other Notices are to be given.

Boundaries of Fradley Heath and Alrewat Hay to be ascertained-

;g8

RigVs of Common to

bealcertaiiitt'

Setting Dif-putes, etc.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

and determine, by the Examination of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to adminider), or by other proper and sufficient Enquiry, Evidence, and Satisfaction, to settle and determine, and thereupon to flake and mark out the Boundaries between the said Waste Land called Fradley Heath, and the adjoining Waste Land called Alrewas Hay, so intended to be inclosed as aforesaid, and shall in their Award to be made particularly express and describe such Boundary.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered, so soon as conveniently may be after the Claims of the several Persons intereded in the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds shall have been delivered in, to examine into, settle, determine, and ascertain, by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One of them, are or is hereby empowered to adminider), or by such other Information and Means as they shall think necessary, the several and respective Rights of Common and other Intereds claimed by any Person or Persons of, into, or upon the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds, and Open Meadows, and the Nature, Extent, and Values thereof respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties intereded in any of the said Lands or Grounds by this Act directed to be divided and inclosed touching their respective Rights and Intereds therein, or the respective Shares and Proportions which they or any of them shall claim to be entitled to upon the said Division and Inclosure, or the Rights of Common upon the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to adminider), or upon other proper and sufficient Enquiry, Evidence, and Satisfaction, to hear and determine the fame, and their Determination therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Persons intereded in the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be inclosed; except any Person or Persons intereded or claiming to be intereded in the said Di vifionand Inclosure, being dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners respecting their Rights or Intereds in the said Open Meadows, or their Rights of Common on the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds hereby directed to be inclosed, shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the said Commissioners within One Calendar Month next after such Determination, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons so dissatisfied with the Commissioners Determination, to commence an Action or Actions against the said Commissioners, to try the Right at Law respecting such Intereds or Rights of Common as aforesaid, and the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall proceed to a Trial at Law, at the Fitd or Second Assizes to be holden for the County of Stafford next after the Determination of the said Commissioners, in a feigned Action or Actions, and the Issue or Issues in such Action or Actions shall be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced, if the Parties differ about the fame; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be ttiven in such Action or Actions shall be final and conclusive, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, or order a new Trial or Trials to be had, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, and also

upon

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 29. 39<

lipon sufficient Cause shewn, to put off the Trial of such Issue, as is usual in other Cafes; and if the Verdict or Verdicts shall be in Favour of the said Commissioners Determination, then and in such Case the Costs of such Action or Actions shall be borne and defrayed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions; but in case the Verdict or Verdicts shall be given agninrt the said Commissioners Determination, then the Colts of such Action or Actions shall be borne and paid by the Proprietors at large, and shall be levied and assessed by the Commissioners, in such Proportions, and payable at such Time and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct; but if no such Notice in Writing shall be given to the said Commissioners, or if the said Action or Actions shall not be brought to Trial as aforesaid, every Determination of the said Commissioners respecting such Interests and Right of Common as aforesaid shall be allowed, and shall be final and conclusive upon all Person and Persons whomsoever.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall autho- Commission-rize and empower the said Commissioners to hear and determine any Dif- 5"mnine ferences or Disputes which may arise touching or concerning the Title of Titles, any Person or Persons in or to the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to

be divided and inclosed, or any Part thereof, or the Tythes issuing the reout.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the power to Time being, and the Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed in pursuance enter Lands, of this Act, and his and their Servants and Assistants, and all Persons

by them respectively employed for the Purposes and in Execution of this Act, shall have, and they are hereby respectively inverted with full Power and Authority, at any Time or Times during the Progress of the said In* dofure, to enter into, view and examine, survey and admeasure, and to do all such other Matters and Things in and upon all and every the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, and Open Meadows and Pastures, and in and upon all and every the inclosed Lands within the said Manor or ParHh, as shall be necessary or expedient for the Purposes of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all the Grass and Herbage grow- Herbage on ing, arising, and renewing upon the publick Carriage Roads and Ways Ko*ih.

to be set out in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, shall belong to and be the Property of the said Thomas Anson, as Lord of the Manor aforesaid.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall not be lawful for any Person Roads nott* or Persons whomsoever to graze or keep any Kind of Cattle whatsoever

in or upon any of the publick Roads or Ways to be set out, over or through fv,r seven any of the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and Years, inclosed, for the Space of Seven Years next after the making and executing of the Award of the said Commissioners, on Pain of forfeiting and paying for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be paid to the Surveyor of the Highways in the Parish of Alrewas aforesaid, to be by him applied in the Repairs of the Highways in the said Parish, and to be recovered and recoverable before any Justice of the Peace for the

400

Allotments lor Gravel, Marl, eh.

Allotment to the Lord.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

the County of Stafford, in the same Manner as any other Penalty under this Act is directed to be recovered.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, after they shall have set out and appointed the publick Carriage Roads and private Ways or Roads throughandoverthe Landsand Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosrd, tofetoutandappoint such Part or Parts, Plot 01 Plots of the said WafteLands, not exceeding in the WholeThree AcresStatuteMeafure, as the said Commissioners shall think fit, as and for publick Gravel, Stone, and Sand Pits, with convenient Road or Roads to and from the same, to be used in common by the Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the Manor or Parish of Alrcivas aforesaid, and their Tenants, as well for their own necessary Uses as for the Repairs of the publick and private Roads within the Manor or Parish of A’rewas aforesaid, and not elsewhere; and that the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, to set out and appoint such other Part or Parts, Parcel or Parcels of the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, not exceeding in the Whole Two Acres, for the Use and Benefit of all and every the Person and Persons entitled to Rights of Common as aforesaid, for the Purpose of getting Marl or Soil for the Improvement of any of the said Waste Lands intended to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, and also Clods and Turfs for making and repairing ihe Fences thereof; and the Fences of the said Two several Allotments of Land last mentioned, shall be respectively made and at all Times hereafter kept in Repair by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint; and the Right to the Use and Benefit of the Herbage of the said Two lait mentioned Allotments of Ground respectively, and also the Right to the Residue of the Soil of the fame Two last mentioned Allotments respectively, after all such Materials shall be gotten therefrom, shall belong to and be the Property of such Person or Persons to whom the said Commissioners shall allot the fame respectively, and shall be occupied and enjoyed in such Manner as the said Commissioners in and by their said Award shall order, direct, or appoint.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in the next Place set out, allot, and award unto and for the said Thomas Anson, his Heirs and Assigns, as Lord of the said Manor of Alrewas, so much and such Part or Parts of the then Residue and Remainder of the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered), be equal in Value to One full Fourteenth Part of the said Residue, for and in lieu of, and as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for his Right or Claim to the Soil of the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds, and to the Mines and Minerals in and under the fame; and also as a Compensation for the Extinguishment of his Coney Warren, which the said Thomas Anson, his Lefiee of Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, hath or may or might have claimed in, or is or are entitled unto, in, over, and upon the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Land or Ground set out by the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to

5 ‘he

40i

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

the Mersey, (which runs through a Part of the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds), being Five Yards in Breadth of all such Parts of the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds as adjoin to the said Navigation on the North Side thereof, and intended to be appropriated by the said Company of Proprietors for the Use of the said Navigation, and also all other Plots or Parcels of the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds which have heretofore been appropriated for the Use of the said Navigation, shall be taken by the said 'Thomas Anson as Part of the Lands directed to be set out to him by this Act; and the said Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation shall pay or cause to be paid to the said Thomas Anson such annual Rents or Sums of Money as have been heretofore paid for the Lands which have been appropriated as aforesaid, and such other annual Rents or Sums of Money for the Lands and Grounds now set out for the Use of the said Navigation as shall be agreed upon between the said Company and the said Thomas Anson, or shall be settled and ascertained under the Provisions of the said Navigation Act; and the Rent or Rents now payable, with the Rents or Sums of Money so to be settled, shall and may be recovered and recoverable by the said Thomas Anson, and the Person or Persons who for the Time being may be entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as other Rents in Arrear may by Law be recovered.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Allotment ta they are hereby required to set out and allot unto and for the said William Vyfe and his Successors, Prebendaries of the Prebend of Alreivas aforesaid, vicar, in lieu and to the said John Drake Wainwright and his Successors, Vicars of cf Trthei-Alrrsuas aforesaid, and to their several and respective Lessees and Tenants in Severalty, according to their respective Ertates and Interests therein, so much and such Part or Parts of the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered), shall be equal in Value to a full, fair, jult, and adequate Compensation and Satisfaction for and in lieu of all Tythes, both Great and Small, and all F.cclefialtical Dues and Payments whatsoever, arising, renewing, or happening, or which might arise, renew, or happen within, upon, or in respect of the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, ('Easter Offerings, Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees, excepted).

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Commission-they are hereby authorized and required to set out, divide, and award the raid Allot- said Allotments to be made for and in lieu of the Great and Small Tythes mentbetween of the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds, to and between the fndv"car7 said William Vyfe and his Successors, Prebendaries as aforesaid, and the said John Drake Wainwright and his Successors, Vicars as aforesaid, or to and between their several Lessees and Tenants, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be a proportionable, equal, and just Compensation for the several and respective Rights and Interests of the said Pfebcndary and his Successors, and of the said Vicar and his Successors, in and to the Great and Small Tythes arising, happening, increasing, or growing due, or which shall, may, or might arise, happen, increase, or grow due, within, upon, out \Loc. & Per.] 5 I of.

40 2

Allotment to be ioJd to pay Exper.ces.

Preference t> be given to Proprietors of adjoining Inclosu'res.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

of, and from the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required tofet out and allot such Part or Parts of the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, as in their Opinion will, by Sale thereof, raiseaSum of Money sufficient to pay and discharge such Part of the Charges and Expences of surveying, planning, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, inclosed, and improved, and of obtaining and carrying this Act into Execution, as the said Commissioners shall direct, to be paid by the several Persons interested in or entitled to Rights of Common on the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, and shall fell the said Allotment or Allotments to any Person or Persons for the belt Price or Prices that can be gotten for the lame, by publick Auction or Auctions to be holden for that Purpose, at such Time or Times as they shall think proper, of which Sale at lead One Calendar Month’s previous Notice shall be given, by affixing the fame on the principal Door of the Parish Church of A'revcas aforesaid, and by Advertisement to be inserted in the Birmingham Gazette and Stafford Newspaper, in case such Newspapers shall be then published, or otherwise in Two other Newspapers generally circulated at Alrewas aforesaid, or in the Neighbourhood thereof; and the Person or Persons purchasing such Lands shall immediately (by Way of Deposit) pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or of such Person as they shall appoint, One Tenth Part of his, her, or their Purchase Money, and pay the Remainder thereof to the said Commissioners, or such PeTlon as they shall appoint, within Three Calendar Months next after such Auction, or at such other Time as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and in Default thereof, the Money so deposited shall be forfeited, and be applied in carrying this Act into Execution; and the said Part or Parts for which the Whole of such Purchase Money shall not have been so paid shall be again put up to Sale, and fold in Manner aforesaid; and such Part or Parts for which the full Purchase Money shall be paid shall immediately thereupon be absolutely discharged of and from all Tythes and Common Right thereon, and be veiled in Pee Simple in, and be inclosed and thenceforth held in Severalty by the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns, as his, her, and their own absolute Property, and shall be allotted accordingly by the said Commissioners in and by their Award; and the said Consideration or Purchase Money shall be paid and applied by the said Commissioners in defraying such Part of the Expences of this Act as herein-before is directed to be paid and discharged by the Sale of Land as aforesaid. '

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Sale or Sales as aforesaid shall be made by the said Commissioners of any Part or Parts of the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds intended to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, which shall immediately adjoin the old Inclosures of any Proprietor or Proprietors, where such Part or Parts intended to be sold for the Purposes of this Act do not exceed Five Acres in any One Indance, if the Proprietor or Proprietors of such adjoining inclosures shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof at the said Commissioners Valuation, and shall signify such his, her,

or

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 29. 4°3

or their Desire to the said Commissioners, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, within One Week after such Sale or Sales by Auction shall be first advertised as aforesaid, and shall pay such his, her, or their Purchase Monies at such Time or Times, and with such Deposit as is herein-before directed in case of Sales by Auction, then and in such case all such Parcel or Parcels of the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds shall be allotted and awarded to such Proprietor or Proprietors, in such and the same Manner as is herein-before provided in case of Sales by Auction as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment of

divide, set out, and allot the Remainder of the said Commonable Lands ‘e

or Waste Grounds unto, for, and among!!: the several Persons interested Lands, therein, their respective Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, according to the

Extent and Value of their respective Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests in and upon the fame respectively; and in making all and every the said Allotments, the said Commissioners shall have due Regard as well to the Quantity, Quality, and Value of the Lands so to be allotted, as to the Situation, Contiguity, and Convenience thereof to the respective Messuages or Tenements and old inclosed Lands of the several Persons to and for whom the same shall be allotted respectively; all which Allotments shall thenceforth be held and enjoyed by the several Persons to whom the same shall be made, their respective Heirs and Assigns, in Severalty, and be in full Bar and Compensation of and for all Shares, Rights, and Interests of the several Parties in, over, and upon the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds so to be inclosed as aforesaid; save only of and for such Rights and Interests as are herein-after reserved to or for the said Lord of the said Manor respectively.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall set out and allot the said Open Meadows hereby directed to be inclosed unto Meadows, and amongst the said Thomas Anson, the Reverend the Dean and Chapter of Lichfield, the said Richard Tcld, John Teld, Richard Wright, William Baggalcy, Samuel Gillett, and the several other Owners of and Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their several and respective Rights and Interests therein.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Allotment or Allotments vicars Alto be made to the Prebendary of the Prebend of Alrezuas aforesaid, and 1b°et,1"'"t to to the Vicar of the Parish of Alreivas aforesaid, by virtue of this. Ad, fenced i,y shall be inclosed round with Ditches and Quickset Hedges, or other proper 0,1,er Pt0‘ Mounds or Fences, to be made within such Time, and for the Space of pnctor*' Seven Years then next following to be maintained and kept in complete Repair, by and at the Expence of all or such of the other Proprietors of the Waste Lands.or Grounds by this Act directed to be inclosed, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint; but all or stich Portion of the said Mounds and Fences as the said Commissioners shall direct, shall, after the Expiration of the said Seven Years, be the Property of the said Prebendary and Vicar, and be kept in Repair by the said Prebendary and his Successors, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, and the Vicar of the said Parish of Alrevsas for the Time being for ever.

4°4

Encroachments to be deemed Part of Waite i

but not to extend to Lands inclosed for a certain Period.

Allotments of Waite to fee Freehold or Copy-hold, but no Fines for Copyhold Abutments.

Allotment* ot Meadow in lieu of Copyhold Lands to be Copyhold.

Allotment*

Copyhold to fee taken up*

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments taken or made from or on any Part of the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds, the Right of which hath been preserved to the Commoners by Entry or Payment of Acknowledgement to them, shall be deemed Part and Parcels of the Waste Grounds reflectively directed to be divided and allotted under the Powers of this Act; and so much and such Parts thereof as have been so taken by any Messuage Owner entitled to any Allotment of the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds under this present Act, or b) his, her, or their respective Ancestor or Ancestors, the Right of which hath been preserved as aforesaid, (frail be deemed and considered as Part of the Share to be allotted to the Persons so respectively enjoying the fame, at such Rate and Value as the said Commissioners shall estimate the fame; but if inch Encroachments do not lie adjoining to their other ancient Estates, the said Commissioners shall have Power to allot the same to him or them, or to any other Person entitled to an Allotment, to whom the same shall lie convenient, under this Act, as Part of his, her, or their Allotment, and shall make the Person so deprived thereof such Allotment in Land as shall in their Judgement be an adequate Satisfaction for any Improvements made thereon.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to give to the said Commissioners Power to allot, divide, or disturb any Lands or Cottages heretofore Parcel of the Wades of the said Manor, which have been inclosed or erected for Twenty Years or upwards, and the Right to which hath not been preserved by such Entries and Payments as aforesaid; but such lad mentioned Lands and Cottages shall be deemed ancient Inclosures and Erections, and be henceforth for ever enjoyed in the same Manner as they are at present, against all Persons and Claims whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted and declared, That the several Allotments of the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds so to be made as aforesaid, shall be deemed, held, and enjoyed by the several Persons to whom the same shall be allotted, as Freehold, if the Messuages or Tenements in respect of which the Allotments are respectively made, are Freehold; and as Copyhold, if the Messuages or Tenements, in respect of which the Allotments are respectively made are Copyhold; but no Fine or Fines shall at any Time hereafter be due or payable to the Lord of the Manor of Alreivas aforesaid, for any Allotment or Allotments to be made in respect of any Messuage or Messuages, Tenement or Tenements, or the Sites thereof, being of Copyhold Tenure.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That such Part and Parts of the said Open Meadows or Lands as shall be allotted in lieu or in respect of Copyhold Lands, (had'be deemed to be of Copyhold Tenure, and to be lying within, and to be holden of the Manor or Manors respectively in which such Cop\ hold Lands are lying, by the like Rents, Customs, and Services, as are due for or in respect of such Copyhold Lands; and that all and every Person and Persons unto and for whom any such Allotment or Allotments of the said Commonable Lands, Waste Grounds, or Open Meadows, shall be made and awarded for and in respect or in lieu of any such Copyhold or Customary Messuage, Buildings, Lands,

or

4°5

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

or Tenements as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award of the said Commissioners, to be admitted Tenant or Tenants of and for the same to the Lord or Lords of the said Manor of /Hrewas for the Time being, without being subject or liable to the Payment of any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords, Steward or Stewards of the said Manor, for and in respect of such Admission, save and except the usual and accustomed Fees to such Steward or Stewards for his or their Trouble therein; and from and after every such Admission as aforesaid, the said Copyhold Lands and Premises shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be of, and shall be held under and subject to the fame Tenure, Rents, Payments, Fines, Heriots, Customs, and Services, as the Messuages, Cottages or Tenements, Lands, and Premises, for and in respect whereof the fame Lands and Premises shall be allotted, are now holden; save only that no Fine or Fines shall be at any Time hereafter due and payable to the Lord or Lords of the said Manor of Alrewas, for any Allotment or Allotments of the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds to be made for and in respect of any Messuage or Messuages, Buildings, Lands, or Tenements, being of Copyhold or Customary Tenure.

# y

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall after the passing of this Act, cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away any Turves, Flags, Whinns, or Furze, in, upon, or from the said Commonable Lands, Waste Grounds, or Open Meadows hereby directed to be inclosed, without or contrary to the Licence of the said Commissioners first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose (which Licence the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant, under such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Restrictions, as they shall think proper to insert therein), then and in every such Case the said Commissioners, upon due Proof made before them on Oath, which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby authorized to administer, shall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum of Money not exceeding Forty Shillings to be levied by Diitrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any), upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Diitrefs and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards the Payment of the Costs and Charges of obtaining and executing this Act.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing ’herein contained shall extend, or be construed to defeat, lefien, or prejudice the Right, Title, or Interest of the said William Vyfe, or his Successors, Prebendaries of the said Prebend of Alrewas, or his Lessee or Lessees, nor of the said John Drake Wainwright, Vicar of the said Parish, or his Successors, Vicars of the said Parish for the Time being, of, in, or to any Great or Small Tythes, Modules, Surplice Fees, Easter Dues, or other Payments or Profits whatsoever, arising, growing, renewing, or payable for the said Open Meadows, or within or out of the ancient or old inclosed Lands or Grounds, within the Parish of Alrewas aforesaid, or within, out of, and from any other Lands or Grounds within the said

[Ltfc. til Per.~\ 5 K Manor

No Turves to be cut, without Leave of the Commissioners.

Prebendary or Vicar not to be affected as to Right to Tythes of old Inclosures.

406 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Manor or Parish, other than and except the said Waste Lands or Grounds called Fradley Heath (for and in lieu of all Great and Small Tythes in, over, and upon which an Allotment is herein-before directed to be made by the said Commissioners to and for the Persons severally entitled thereto), but the same shall continue, remain, and be due and payable in like Manner as the fame was and were before the passing of this Act, or as the fame would, could, or might have been had, taken, coile&ed, or received, in case this Act had not been made.

Bodies Politick, fife, to grant Leafrs of Alto* merits for Twenty-one Years.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and all Trustees of any Charity, and every Person and Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made of any Part or Parts of the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereof such Person or Persons is or are seised in Right of any Church or Chapel, or as Trullee or Trustees of any Charity, or as Tenants in Tail or for Life, or any Husband in Right of his Wife, or the Guardian of any Infant, to make any Lease or Leal'es of any Part or Parts of the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds which shall be allotted to him, her, or them (so that the Consent of the Lord of the Manor of any Copyhold Lands be first had and obtained by Licence or other*ife, according to the Custom of such Manor), for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding Twenty-one Years, or for such Term or Number of Years as they may have therein respectively; and so that the fame do commence in Possession and not in Revetfion; and so that such Lease or Leases be not made difpunishuble of Waste; and so that theie be reserved in all and every such Lease and Leases the belt and most improved annual Rent thac can be reasonably gotten for the fame, to be paid by Half-yearly Payments, without taking any Sum of Money, or other Consideration, by Way of Fine, Income, or Foregift; and so as in all and every such Lease and Leases there be contained a Power of Re-entry for Non-payment of such Rent; and so that such Rent or Kents to be thereby reserved be made payable to the Person or Persons granting such Lease or Leases, and the several other Persons who may in Succession be entitled to the fame Hereditaments, Lands, and Premises; and so that the Lessee or L.effees do at the same Time execute a Counterpart of such Lease or Leases: Provided always, that no Lease shall be made or granted by the said Dean and Chapter, nor by the Prebendary of the Prebend of Alrewas aforesaid, or his Successors, other than according to the local Statutes of the said Cathedral Church of Lichfield; nor by the Vicar of Alrewrs aforesaid, or his Successors, other than for a Term of Twenty-one Years, to commence and be computed from Twelve Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, nor that without the Consent of the said Bishop, and also of the Prebendary of the Prebend of Alrewas aforesaid, for the Time being.

F r ma|cin,

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of improving Draini, rtc’ the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds and Open Meadows, or

any other Lands in the said Manor and Parish of Alrewas, and to prevent the fame from being overflowed with Water in Times of Flood, the said CommtlTtoners shall and may cause and order to be scoured out, widened, diverted, or altered, all such ancient Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Water-courses, Tunnels, Water Gates, Banks, and Bridges, in the Parish or Manor of Alrewas aforesaid; and also shall and may make, creed, set out,

and

407

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

and appoint such new Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Banks, and Bridges, as well in, through, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, as also in, over, and through any ancient Inclosures, or any other Lands and Grounds within the Manor or Parish of Alrewas aforesaid (making such Satisfaction to the Proprietors of such ancient Inclosures, or other Lands and Grounds not hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, for the Damage done thereby, as they shall think just and equitable), of such Depth and Breadth, and in such Directions, as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, in and by the said Award herein-after mentioned, to order and Sward by whom, at whose Expence, at what Time, and in what Manner the said Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Banks, and Bridges shall be made, and thereafter repaired, cleansed, feoured, and maintained; and also shall and may order, direct, and award all or any of the said Streams, Springs cf Water, and Watercourses, within the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, to be carried, conveyed, or turned in such Courses, and through, over, and across such Part of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion judge proper for the watering the several Allotments to be made as aforesaid.

XXXV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to empower or be con-(trued to empower the said Commissioners, or any other Commissioner or Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or any other Person, to take down any Mill, or to remove or alter the Flood Gates, Dams, or Wears of or belonging thereto, or to take away or diveit any of the Streams, Rivulets, or Brooks from the same, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner and Owners thereof respectively; but that all such Streams, Rivulets, and Brooks which now flow to such Mills respectively shall continue so to do, in as full and ample Manner, in all Respects, as they now do, may, or can; save and except such Flood and Drain Waters as may be necessary to be conveyed and carried off by the Sides of such Mills, in order the more effectually to prevent the said Lands from being overflow’ed in Time of Floods, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and Surveyor or Surveyors respectively, or any other Person or Persons by them, or either of them, authorized or employed, to enter, search for, get, lay, and carry away such Slone or other Materials for the Purpose of making and repairing atl and every such Ditches, Drains, Tunnels, Banks, and Bridges, as may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, in, upon, from, and through any Lands within the said Manor or Parish of Alrewas, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, making reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands in, upon, from, or through which such Stone or other Materials shall be searched for, gotten, laid, or carried, for the Damages to be occasioned thereby, in such Manner as Satisfaction is by this Act directed to be made for any other Damages to be occasioned by the Execution of this Act.

Mills not to b« prejudiced.

Power to get Materials.

40 8

Drains to be kept open by Owners or Occupiers of Lands.

Tenants to give up allotted or exchanged Lands, having Satisf.tc-t'on for the lame.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the several Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, inclosed, and improved as aforesaid, shall make and keep the Fences, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Banks, and Bridges of and belonging to his and their respective Lands, of such Width and Depth as the same shall have been made or directed to be made by the said Commissioners; and also shall from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, cause the same to be well and sufficiently scoured, cleansed, maintained, and repaired, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall order and direct; and if any such Owner or Occupier shall refuse or neglect to keep such his or her Fences, Drains, Ditches, Watercourses, Tunnels, Banks, and Bridges of such Depth and Width, and in such Manner as shall be ordered by the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons injured by such Refusal or Neglect to exhibit a Complaint in Writing against the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, before any Justice of the Peace for the County of Stafford, not interested in the Premises, who may summon the Patties concerned, enquire into the Nature of the Complaint, and examine Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and after such Summons and Examinations shall and may, if he shall see Cause, order, direct, or appoint the Person or Persons exhibiting such Complaint, to repair, cleanse, scour, and maintain the Ditches, Drains, Banks, Bridges, and Fences of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting; and also shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to the Person or Persons exhibiting such Complaint, cause the Charges and Expences of repairing, cleansing, scouring, or maintaining the Ditches, Drains, Banks, Bridges, or Fences of the Person or Persons so refufuig or neglecting, Demand thereof being first made by the said Complainant or Complainants, in the Presence of One credible Witness, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of taking and making such Distress and Sale.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant and Occupier under any Lease or Agreement for any Term of Years of any old Inclosures within the said Manor or Parish of Alrcwas, which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall, immediately after the signing of the Award of the said Commissioners (or within such further Time as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and whereof Notice in Writing shall be given for that Purpose), give and resign up the full and peaceable Possession of such allotted or exchanged Lands to the Person or Persons to or with whom the same shall be respectively allotted or exchanged, such respective Tenants and Occupiers of such allotted or exchanged Lands receiving from the said respective Owners and Proprietors thereof such Satisfaction as the said Commissioners shall ascertain, order, direct, or appoint to be paid to such Tenant or Tenants respectively on Account thereof, as an Equivalent for the Loss or Lodes, he, she, or they shall respectively sustain thereby; and if the Money so to be ascertained as aforesaid shall not be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same within Fourteen Days after Den-, and made thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to rail’e and levy the same for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Per-

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

409

fons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as so much of the Costs,

Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act as shall be charged to the Owners or Proprietors of the said Open Meadows may be raifrd and recovered: Provided always, that if there shall be any Lease of Lands, Part of which lie in the said Manor or Parish and Part in an adjoining Parish, all and every such Lease or Leases upon Rack Rent now subsisting may be vacated; but where any Land shall have been taken in Exchange, which Land shall be under Lease, and situated in an adjoining Parish, the Lease of such lad mentioned Land shall not be vacated.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Sheep or Lambs shall be ^ojiheepor depaltured or kept in any of the new Inclosures to be made by virtue of de^itured this Act, during the Space of Seven Years front the Execution of the newtncio-Award of the said Commissioners, unless the Person or Persons respect tuts’"c' tively keeping such Sheep or Lambs shall first effectually, at his, her, or their own Expence, guard and fence the Quickset Fences adjoining to such Inclosure, so as effectually to prevent any Damage or Injury from being done to the said Fences or Quicksets, by such Sheep or Lambs.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this ^Jus^no, Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to revoke, make to b« prejii-void, annul, or alter any Will, Settlement, or Surrender, or to prejudice diced, any Person or Persons having any Estate, Right, or Claim of Dower or Jointure, Portion, Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, or Grounds to be inclosed, divided, allotted, improved, or exchanged as aforesaid, or any of them respectively (other than such Leases and Agreements as herein-before mentioned); but that the several Lands and Grounds to be set out and allotted, and the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be divided or exchanged in pursuance of this Act, shall, immediately after making such Allotments, Partitions, or Exchanges, be,

Temain, and enure, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be allotted or assigned, or given by Partition or in Exchange as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth stand and be seised thereof, to such Estates, Uses, and Trulls, and subject to such Wills, Deeds, Surrenders, Limitations, Remainders, Powers, and Provisoes, Charges, Tenures, Rents, Services, and Incumbrances (save in respect of such Leases or Agreements at Rack Rents as aforesaid), as the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in respect or in lieu whereof such Allotments, Partitions, and Exchanges respectively shall be made as aforesaid, would have been subject and liable to be charged with or affected by in case this Act had not been made, but subject nevertheless to such Leases and Charges as shall be made thereof or thereon respectively in pursuance of any of the Powers given by this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the Awanl* said Commissioners shall express and contain the several Matters and Things by this Act required and directed to be set forth and ascertained therein, and shall be deposited in the Parish Church of Al-rewas aforesaid, or in such other Place as the said Commissioners shall appoint.

[ hoc, <0 Per.]

5 L

4io 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

wTh Content ^11. And, for the more speedily inclosing and improving the said of c.m.mif- Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds, be it further enacted, That it fnc'lose’Parcels anc^ may for c^e Commissioners, if they shall find it

of Land, tic. convenient and expedient so to do, before the Survey shall be completed, and the Rig'.its and Interests of each and every of the Proprietors fully ascertained, to set out and allot to any of such Proprietors such Plots and Parcels of the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds as they shall think proper, for the Growth of Potatoes or otherwise; and by Writing under their Hands to empower such Proprietors respectively to fence and occupy and enjoy the fame in Severalty, paying such annual Rents in respect thereof, until the Execution of the said Award or Instrument, or until the Whole of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act shall be ascertained or flaked out, as the said Commissioners shall fix and appoint; such Rents to be applied by the said Commissioners towards the Payment of the Expences of obtaining this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, and to be recovered in the same Manner as the general Expences of obtaining and executing this Act may be recovered by the said Commissioners; and in case the Fences of any such Allotment shall be wilfully damaged or spoiled, or any Trespasses shall be committed, then the Person or Persons committing the Fast shall be deemed a wilful Trespasser or Trespassers, and be liable to answer Damages and full Colls of Suit in respect thereof to the Party or Parties injured thereby.

o>lPAn'how

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges, and Ex-tob:defrayed, pences incident to and attending the dividing, setting out, allotting, and improving the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, such Proportion of the Colts, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the forming the publick Roads, and of procuring and passing this Act, and all other Charges and Expences of carrying the fame into Execution, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners ought to be charged to the Account of the Inclosure of the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, shall be defrayed and discharged out of the Money arising by the Sale of such Part or Parts of the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds as shall be allotted for that Purpose as aforesaid, as far as such Money will extend, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall think equitable; and that such Proportions of the said respective Costs, Charges, and Expences, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners ought to be charged to the Account of the Owners or Persons interested in the said Open Meadows hereby directed to be inclosed, and to the Owners or Proprietors of such old inclosed or other Lands within the said Manor or Parish of Alrewas aforesaid, as shall be exchanged by virtue of this Act (other than and except the Vicar of the Parish of Alrewas aforesaid, and also other than and except the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of Alrewas aforesaid, in respect of any Allotment or Allotments of the said Open Meadows to be made to them as such Churchwardens and Overseers as aforesaid, also other than and except such of the Owners or Persons interested in the said Open Meadows, whose respective Shares or Parts thereof shall not exceed One Acre of Land), shall be defrayed, paid, and discharged by the Owners of or Persons interested in such Open Meadows and old inclosed and other Lands, in Proportion to the Benefit and Iin-.

provements

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 29. 411

provements which will arise to or in respect of the said Lands respectiverly, such Proportions to be settled and determined by the said Commissioners, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, which shall be binding and conclusive; and in case any Person shall refuse or neglect to pay his or her Share or Proportion of such Charges and Expences, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, rendering the Surplus (if, any) to the Owner of Inch Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, to enter into and upon the Premises so to be allotted to the Persons refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or any other of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be exchanged or improved by virtue of this Act, belonging to such Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, and to receive and take the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, until thereby or therewith the Share or Proportion of the Charges and Expences which ought to be paid by such Person, and all Interest on such Share or Proportion to be computed from the Time the same shall by the said Commissioners be directed to be paid as aforesaid, and all Colls and Expences occasioned by or attending such Entry upon and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the said Premises, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thatincafethe Money to Exofnce of arise by Sale of Part of the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds as madegood° before directed, shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge such Part of the in cate of Colls and Charges of obtaining and executing this Act as shall be directed Defitl*ncy* by the said Commissioners to be paid and borne by the Persons interested in the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, the Part or Parts of such Colls, Charges, and Expences which shall not be so raised, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by such of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, and in such Shares and Proportions as the said Corrupillioners shall direct, and shall be recovered and levied in like Manner as the other Colts, Charges, and Expences to be paid by the Owners of the said Open Meadows are by this Act authorized to be levied and recovered.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall advance any Sum of Money for the Purpose of defraying the Ex- repaid wiih" pences of obtaining and passing this Act, or of carrying the fame into bereft. Execution, every such Person shall be repaid or allowed the fame, with Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the First Monies to be raised for defraying the Expences of this Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Powers to Guardians, Husbands, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any of the ^?rrow Owners of any Lands which shall be divided, allotted, inclosed, ex- ‘ ’"c>* changed, or improved under this Act, being Minors, Idiots, Lunaticks, under Coverture, beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable to act: for

themselves

4X2

Tenants for Life may charge Allotments by

WilJ.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

themselves respectively, and also for every the Owners of any such Lands, being Tenants in Tail or for Life, or Trustees thereof for any charitable or ether life or Purpose whatl'oever (other than and except the Vicar of the Parish of Alrewas aforesaid), by any Deed or Deeds duly executed under their respective Hands and Seals, to charge the Land which shall be so divided, allotted, inclosed, or exchanged, with any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three Pounds for every Acre of such Land, to be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint, in order to be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act; and for securing the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Inte-relt, to grant, mortgage, lease, detnife, or surrender the Lands liable to be charged therewith as aforesaid, unto such Person or Persons respectively as shall advance such Money, for any Term or Number of Years, so as such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trull to be surrendered or resurrendered when such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Interest thereof, shall be paid olf and discharged; and every such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, Demise, and Surrender respectively to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law for the Purposes thereby intended; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons to whom such Money so to be borrowed shall be appointed to be paid as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Person or Persons lending the fame; and the Interest of all Monies to be borrowed by any Person entitled to the said mortgaged Premises in Tail, or for Life only, shall be paid and kept down by the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be in Possession of or entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands to be charged with such Money as aforesaid, so that no Person afterwards becoming entitled in PoflelTion to such Lands, or the Rents and Profits thereof, shall be subject or liable to pay any further or larger Ar-rear of Interest than for One Year preceding the Time when the Title to such Possession shall accrue or commence.

XLVTL And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Tenant for Life (except as aforesaid) not being such under any Lease with Rent reserved, and for any Tenant in Tail of any Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted, inclosed, or exchanged by virtue of this Act, by any Deed or Deeds in Writing, or by his or her lad Will and Testa-rnent in Writing duly executed, to charge such Lands and Grounds respectively with such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners to be paid, and which shall accordingly have been paid by such Tenant for Life or in Tail for his or her Share or Proportion of the Expences in consequence of this Act, not exceeding Three Pounds for every Acre of such Lands and Grounds, and by such Deed or Deeds, or lait Will, to direct and appoint the Money to be charged on such Lands or Grounds to be paid to such Person or Persons as he. Hie, or they shall think proper, with Interest for the fame, to commence from the Day of the Death of such Tenant for Life or in Tail respectively.

Restraining Tenant for Life, etc.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such Tenant in Tail or for Life, Husbands, Guardians, from charging Trullees, Committees, or Attornies, who shall be entitled to any Allut-the r Eitatts, ment or Allotments of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided.

4i3

42° GEORGII Hi. Cap. 29.

vided, allotted, and inclosed, or interested in or entitled unto any Lands or Grounds in the Manor or Parish of Alrewas aforesaid, which shall be exchanged by virtue of this Act, to charge any such Allotment or Allotments, Lands or Grounds, with any further or larger Sum of Money than the said Commissioners shall find sufficient to pay and defray the respective Shares and Proportions of the Money’to be charged on him, her, or them, (if any such shall be charged), and also the Charges and Expences of new fencing his, her, or their Allotments j and such Sum of Money shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint, to be applied and disposed of only for the Purposes of this Act} any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons interested, or to become interested in the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the Commissioners, to sell and dispose of, or to complete any Contract or Contracts for Sale of all such Rights, interest, and Property, which he, she, or they now have, or hath, or shall or may hereafter have, in or to any Right of Common, or other Interest in and upon the said Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds, or any of them, or in or to any Allotment or Allotments to be made in respect thereof by virtue of this Act, separately from such Tenements or Estates in Right or respect whereof he, she, or they is or are, or shall be so entitled; and that in case of any such Sale, or Contract of Sale, previously to the Execution of the said Award, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to allot to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, who shall and may immediately after the Execution of such Award as aforesaid, have, hold, use, and enjoy such Allotment or Allotments so to be laid out in lieu of the Right cf Common or other In-terelt so by him, her, or them purchased as aforesaid, and shall and may have, use, and exercise, every Act of Ownership in, upon, and to the fame, in as full, large, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the former Proprietor or Vendor thereof could or might have done in case such Sale or Sales had not been made; but subject nevertheless to the several Rules, Orders, Conditions, and Re-strictions mentioned and contained in this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Damage or Injury done to any Lands or Hereditaments, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunarick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, or if any Surplus shall remain of the Money to be raised by Sale of Land as aforesaid, and any Share or Proportion thereof shall belong to any such Corporation, or other Person or Persons as last aforesaid, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with ail convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, signified by an Order, on a ll.ee, & Per.'} 5 M Petition

Persons may fell Common JU<hi» previous to the Execution of the Award.

A pplicafrion of Monies to i.e j aiti to incapacitated Persons, etc*

4*4-

Application of inch Money, being Id's than 7.001, and exceeding ao /.

A; plication of such Money being left t un 20/.

42° GEORG! I III. Cap. 29.

Petition to be preferred in a funVmary Way, by the Corporation or Person or Persons as aforesaid, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting tin; Estates in respect of which such Money shall be paid, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Jfanding settled therewith so the fame or the like Uses, Intents, and Purposes; or where such Money shall not be ft) applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of Mef-> fuages, Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses,. Trusts, Intents, ancj Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Estate in respect of which such Money shall be paid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and, Settlement,'shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the Mean Time, and until such Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends or annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who w ould for the Time being have been enti-tied to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to he purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made; but if any Money to be paid shall be less than Two hundred Pounds and exceed Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Estates, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees,' in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before di reded, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery; and where such Money so directed to be paid as herein before last mentioned, shall not exceed i wenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to and for the Uses of the Person or Persons e. titled to the Rents and Profits of the Estates, in respect whereof such Money shall be paid, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit; or in case of Lunacy or Infancy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled as aforesaid, whose Receipts shall be good Discharges for the fame; and in case the said Commissioners shall find any Difficulty in obtaining such Purchase in Lands or Hereditaments, which may

.* 4-2° GEORGII III. Cup. 29.

may be equal in Value to such Sum not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, as hereiiMbeford directed to be paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or which purchase niay be disadvahtageoUs in other Respects, they the said Commissioners may apply such Sum of Money towards defraying the PxpenceS of passing and executing this Act, so far as the Proportion of the Party entitled to such Sura Qiali amount to; and if there shall be any Surplus ,of such Two ihundred Pounds, the said Commissioners may apply such Surplus, after such Application, in Diminution of the Sum allowed to be charged on the Eiiaie for the Purpose of inclbfing or improving the same. 1

It ‘

LK And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Appeal, think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by any Thing done in pursuance of; this Act, then and in every such Case, (except in such Cases where the Orders, Directions, or Determinations of the said Commissioners are directed to be final, binding, and conclusive, apd except in such Cases where an I flue at Law frail or is to be tried, as herein 'before mentioned), such Person or Persons may appeal to any General (^tinner Stllions of the Peace, to be holden for the said County of-Stafford, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, and to the Party or Parties concerned. Ten Days Notice in Working of fuel) jAppeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested i;) the Pre-mises), in such Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant, to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Surplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; and in Case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reafo: able.

LII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend savin? of to hinder, debar, defeat, or in any Way alter or prejudice the Right,

Title, or Interest of the said Thomas Anson, or any future Lord or Lords, Manor, etc. Lady or Ladies of the Manor of Alrewas aforesaid, in or to the Seigniories, Rights, Royalties, and Profits incident and belonging to the said Manor of Alrewas, other than and except in respect to such Right ot Soil, and to the Mines and Minerals in and under the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, Common Right, Right of Warren for Conies or Rabbits, as are intended to be barred by this Act; nor the Right of holding Courts Leer, Courts Baron, or Customary Courts for the said Manor of Alrewas, or of having, receiving, or taking all such Fines, Heriots, Amerciaments, Fees, or other Perquisites. Profits, or Appurtenances of or belonging to the said Manor and to such Courts, in respect of the Messuages and ancient Estates of the said

415

4i6

General

Saving.

[Publick Act.]

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

said Freeholders or Copyholders of the said Manor, and according to the Custom thereof, in like Manner as the fame have been heretofore usually held and enjoyed or received by the said Thomas Anson, or those under whom he claims the same.

LIII. Saving nevertheless to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Successors, and all Persons claiming under them, all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest (other than such as are meant and intended to be barred and destroyed by this Act), of, in, to, or in respect of the Lands and Hereditaments to be divided, inclosed, improved, or exchanged by virtue of this Act, as he, they, and every of them, might or could have held and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without the fame being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 30.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Tract of Common and Waste Lands, called Rhojhirwaun, situate in the several Parishes of Aberdaron, Llan-faelrhys, and Bryncroes, in the County of Caernarvon. [ 15 th April 1802.]

WHEREAS there is within the several Parishes of Aberdaron, Uanfaelrhys, and Bryncroes, in the County of Caernarvon, a large Trad of Common and Waste Lands, called or known by the Name of Rhojhirwaun, or by what other Name or Names the fame is called, known, or distinguished, containing by Estimation Two thousand Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is Lord of the Manor of Bardfey, Part of which lies within the said Parishes of Aberdaron and Bryncroes, and as such is entitled to the incidental Manerial Rights, Perquisites, and Profits arising from the same Manor, and claims also to be entitled to the Soil of so much of the said Common and Waste Lands as lies within the same Manor, or unto some Parts or Portions thereof now remaining uninclosed: And whereas the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of Saint John's College in the University of Cambridge, are entitled to the perpetual Advowson, Right of Patronage and Presentation of, in, and to the Rectory of the [Lot. id Per.] 5 N Parish

418

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Parish and Parish Church of Aberdaron, with the Chapel of the said Parish of Llanfaclrbys annexed; and John Mainwaring Clerk, Margaret Professor of Divinity in the said University of Cambridge, is Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Aberdaron, with the said Chapel annexed, and as such >§ entitled to a Part of certain mixed Tythes arising in respect of divers Meflliages, Tenements, and Lands situate in the said Parishes of Aberdaron and Llanfaelrhys, exercising a Right of Eatage and Pasturage on the said Common and Waste Lands intended hereby to be divided, allotted, and indofed; and the Honourable Jane Finch is Impropriator and Owner of other Part of such mixed Tythes: And whereas the Right Reverend William Lord Bishop of Bangor, in Right of his See, is seised of the perpetual Advowson, Right of Patronage, and Presentation of, in, and to the Vicarages of the said Parishes of Aberdaron and Llanfaelrhys; and Griffith Jones Clerk, is Vicar thereof, and as such entitled to the Remainder of such mixed Tythes: And whereas the said Jane Finch is Impropriator and Owner of certain mixed Tythes arising in respect of divers Messuages, Tenements, and Lands, situate in the said Parish of Bryncroes, exercising a Right of Eatage and Pasturage on the said Common and Waste Lands: And whereas Hester Lynch Piozzi is Impropriator and Owner of certain mixed Tythes arising in respect of divers Messuages, Tenements, and Lands, situate in the Paiifli of Llangwnadle, in the said County of Caernarvon, exercising a Right of Eatage and Pasturage on the said Common and Waste Lands: And whereas the said William Lord Bishop of Bangor, in Right of his See, is seised of the perpetual Advowson, Right of Patronage, and Presentation of, in, and to the Chapel of the Parish of Bodverin, as annexed to the Rectory of Llaniejlyn: And whereas the Rector of the Reffory and Parish Church of Llaniejlyn, to which the said Parish of Bodverin is annexed, in Right thereof, is entitled to certain mixed Tythes arising in respect of divers Messuages, Tenements, and Lands, situate in the said Parish of Bodverin, exercising a Right of Eatage and Pasturage on the said Common and Waste Lands: And whereas the Benefit and Advantage arising to the said Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, the said William Lord Bishop of Bangor, the said Jane Finch, the said John Mainwaring, the said Griffith Jones, the said Hester Lynch Piozzi, and the Rector of the Rectory of Llaniejlyn aforesaid, from such mixed Tythes, is so inconsiderable and inadequate to the Benefit and Advantage which they will derive from the intended Division and Inclosure, it is expedient that the fame should cease, determine, and be extinguished, in Manner herein-after mentioned: And whereas the Right Honourable !Thomas Lord Newborough, Sir Robert Williames Vaughan Baronet, Richard Edwards Esquire, the said Jane Finch, and divers other Persons, are the Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments within the said several Parishes of Aberdaron l lanfaelrhys, and Bryncroes, and in the said Parishes of Llangwnadle and Bodverin, and have in respect thereof a Right of Common in, over, and upon the said Tract of Common and Waste Lands, in Proportion to their several and respective F.states within the said Parishes: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One AH, certain Provisons usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Moae of proving the several Falls usually required on the passing of such Alls: And whereas the said Tract of Common and Waste Lanus is, in its present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement j and it would be advantageous

to

4*9

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

to the fevexal Persons interested therein if the fame were divided, and spe-cifick Parts thereof allotted to the respective Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed; but such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Ring’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same, That Benjamin IVyatt of Lime Grove in the County of Caernarvon, Esquire, and his Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and he and they is and are hereby appointed Commissioner and Commissioners for setting out, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Tract of Common and Waste Lands called Rhojhirivaun, and for carrying this Act into Execution, subject nevertheless to the Rules, Orders, and Directions mentioned and contained in the said recited Act, except in such Cases where the same are hereby varied or altered; and that the said Commissioner shall be paid the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, for his Trouble and Expences in every Day’s Journey or Attendance which he shall necessarily take or give in the Execution of the Powers given by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to cause Notice to be given in the Chester Newspapers, if more than One, and if only One, then in such Newspaper, and also make Proclamation at the Market Town of Pwilbeli and the Village of Sam Meilltyrne, in the said County of Caernarvon, on the respective Market Days of the said Town and Village, of the Time and Place of the First and every subsequent Meeting for the Execution of this Act, at lead Ten Days before any such Meeting shall be held (Meetings by Adjournment, which the said Commissioner is hereby authorized to make, only excepted); and in case the said Commissioner shall not be present at such Time and Place, then it shall be lawful for the Person who shall act as Clerk to the said Commissioner, to adjourn the same to any future Day, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day of Adjournment.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all other Notices necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioner, shall be so made and given by Advertisements in the said Chester Newspapers, or in case neither of them shall then be published, then in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Caernarvon.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Benjamin IVyatt, the Commissioner appointed by this Act, or any other Commissioner to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby in him veiled, die, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting, or, without some lawful Cause, neglect to attend a Meeting for putting this Act into Execution for the Space of Two Calendar Months after he shall have received Notice from any Person interested in the said Inclosure, requiring him to attend a Meeting for putting this Act in Execution, then it shall be lawful for the major Part in Value (such Value to be ascertained by the Land Tax Assessment), of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds directed

4 by

CommiiT.on-

er.

Commissioner to give Notice of Meeting,

Other Notices how to be given.

Appointment ot new Commissioner.

420

Commissioner to determine upon Claims.

Power to aflcfs Colts.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

by this Act to be inclosed, or their known Agents or Attornies, who shall be present at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose in the said Village of Sam Mei/ltyrne, in pursuance of a Notice to be given in Manner as herein-before directed, at lead Fourteen Days before such Meeting, to appoint One other Commissioner (not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure), by Writing under their Hands, in the Room of him who shall die, refuse, or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner shall die, refuse, or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid; and every Commissioner so to be appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority to act in the Execution of this Act, as the Commissioner in whose Place he shall be appointed was vested with by virtue of this Act; and the Non-attendance of such Commissioner (except prevented by Illness or other sufficient Excuse), for Two successive Meetings next after having been required by such Notice to attend, shall be deemed a Refusal to act.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, or any of them, touching or concerning the respective Shares, Rights, and Interests which they or any of them shall claim in the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, or touching or concerning the respective Shares and Proportions which they or any of them ought to hate of or in the said intended Division and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized to examine into, hear, and determine the fame; and the Determination of the said Commissioner therein shall be binding and concluflve upon all and every the Parties interested in such Division and Inclosure (except as herein-after mentioned): Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioner to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioner shall upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to him in pursuance of this Act, fee Cause to award any Cods, it shall be laiwful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as he shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any such Determination shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby required and authorized, by Warrant under his Hand directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

42 I

Allowing P' t:es totryihnr Rights by an I flue at Law.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons interested or claiming to be intereded in the Paid intended Division and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the Paid Commissioner, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Common and Waste Lands, or of any Rights of Common or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands.and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dillatisfied to proceed to a 1’rial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioner, at the then next or at the following Great Sessions to be holden for the said County of Caernarvon, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dif-satisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioner, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned issue again!! the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after the Determination of the said Commissioner shall be made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, and accept One or more issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined; such issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cafes; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioner, touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Common and Waste Lands, or of any Rights of Common in, over, or upon the I.ands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action if anj, of the to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such forties die, Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if notTto'abate. no such Event had happened.

Determination of Commissioner to be final, if not objected to, or Action not brought.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he Augment for is hereby required to set out, assign, and allot such Part and Parcel of the getting Mate-said Common and Waste Lands, as he shall think proper and sufficient, as ;°r0fhe and for publick Stone and Gravel Pits, for the Purpose of getting Mate- Roads, etc. rials for the forming, completing, and repairing the publick and private Roads and Ways in the said Parishes respectively wherein the said Tract of Common or Waste Lands is fituacedas aforesaid, and by the said recited Act directed to be set out, formed, completed, and repaired, and to and [Lvc. Ss5 Per.] 5 0 for

422

Allotment to the Lord of the Manor.

General Allotment.

For determining Encroachments,

Commissioner may borrow Money to defray the Expences.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

for such other Uses and Purposes as the said Commissioner in his Award, by the said recited Act! directed to be made, flrall appoint.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall assign, set out, and allot, unto and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and in lieu of His Right and Intered in the Soil of the said Common and Waste Lands as Lord of the Manor of Bardfey aforesaid, so much and such Part or Parts of the said Common and VVade Lands hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as is situate, lying, and being within the said Manor, and as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioner (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered), be equal to One full Twentieth Part or Share of so much of the said Coin-mon and Waste Lands as is fuuate, lying, and being in the said Manor, for and in lieu, and as a Recompence and Satisfaction for his Right to the Soil of the said Common and Waste Lands.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized and required in the next Place to apportion, divide, set out, and allot the Residue and Remainder of the said Common and Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, between and amongd the several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments having any Right andlntered in such Common and Waste Lands, in Proportion to their respective Shares, Rights, Property, and Interest therein.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which have been made upon or taken from the said Common and Waste Lands, within the Space of Twenty Years before the passing of this Act, or that have been laid open within the said Space of Twenty Years, shall be deemed and taken to be Part and Parcel of the said Common and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed; and the fame, and all Cottages and Buildings erected thereon, shall be set out and allotted to such of the Persons entitled to any Shares or Allotments upon the said intended Division and Inclosure, to whom the fame shall, in the Judgement of the said Commissioner, be most convenient, as Part of the Allotments to be made to him, her, or them respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to borrow and take up at Intered, of any Person or Persons willing to advance and lend the fame, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be necessary for defraying the Charges and Expences of passing and executing this Act, until the fame shall be raised by Sale of Land as herein-after directed; which Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed shall be a Charge upon the said Common and Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, until the fame shall be raised and repaid by such Sale, with Intered for the fame; and the said Commissioner flrall have Power, if he thinks proper, to grant a Term or Terms of Years of the said Common and Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, for securing the Money so to be advanced, with Intered as aforesaid.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 30. 423

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the fai«J Commissioner shall and Power to Ml he is hereby required to let out, allign, and allot so much and such con- {£"fBfo[hge‘ venient Part or Parts of the said Common and Waste Lands as in his Expence, of Judgement shall be sufficient to raise a competent Sum of Money for paying thl*Aa* the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and all

other incidental Charges and Expences whatsoever for or by reason of, or preparatory to the said intended Division and Inclosure, and of carrying this Act into complete Execution; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be fold and disposed of in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, and the Purchase Money shall be applied for the Purposes aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, That in case the Money to be raised by such Deficiency (if Sale or Sales as aforesaid shall not be sufficient to pay and defray all the ^"^Vgoodby Costs, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, the Deficiency shall be made the Proptie-up by the several Persons interested in the said Common and Waste Lands, tors-(except the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors),

and shall be paid in such Shares and Proportions, and within such Time, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioner shall direct, nominate, and appoint; or in case any Expences shall be incurred in the Execution of any of the Powers and Provisions of this Act, which ought to be borne and defrayed by any particular Person or Persons, and not out of any Money to be raised for the general Purposes of this Act, then the fame shall be paid in such Shares and Proportions, and by such Person or Persons (except as aforesaid and within such Time, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioner shall direct, nominate, or appoint; and in case any Person herein-before made subject to the Payment of any Money towards such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay his or her Share or Proportion thereof, within the Time to be appointed as aforesaid, or at any Time after upon Demand, the same shall and may be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the said recited Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Ex- foi paying the pences attending the making of any Sales, Exchanges, or Partitions to ®*P'n"s() of be made by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall be paid, borne, ,n;.king Ex-and defrayed by the several Persons making such Sales, Exchanges, and changes, (Sc. Partitions, in such Manner, and in such Proportions, as the said Commis-

fioner shall by Lis said Award, or other separate Deed or Instrument, order and direct.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Commissioner lawful for the said Commissioner, at any Time before the Execution of AheraUon* his Award, to make any Alteration in the Allotments and Fences which speeHng Ailot-he may have directed to be set out and ordered, as he shall think riglu and th'%?xecmion expedient; and in case any Person or Persons shall be injured by such Al- of the Award, teraiions, on Account of any Expences he, she, or they may have been at,

the said Commissioner shall ascertain and determine what Recompence shall be made to him, her. or them, and shall direct by whom and in what Manner such Recompence shall be made.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after All mixed the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, all such mixed /rom'hecfm-

4 Tythes mon in its

424

Commonable State, to‘be extinguifticd.

For fencing Allotments.

No Sheep to be depaltured in the newln clofu es for 7 Year*.

No Sheep or Cattle to be turned into the Lanes for 9 Years.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Tythes as are now arising and accruing, as herein-before mentioned, from the said Common and Waste Lands in its Commonable State, shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished: Provided nevertheless, that any Thing in this Act exprrffed or contained shall not be deemed or intended to prevent, abolish, determine, or extinguish any mixed or other Tythes (save and except such mixed Tythes as are hereby intended to be extinguished as aforesaid), or any Right or Claim thereto, which now or hereafter may arif'e or accrue within the said several Parishes, or from any ancient Inclosures, or by reason of the said Common and Waste Lands being inclosed by virtue and in pursuance of this and the said recited Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be inclosed and ring-fenced by the said Commissioner in such Manner as he shall direct or appoint, and that the Expences thereof shall be paid out of the Money to be raised by Sale or Sales of Part or Parts of the said Common and Waste Lands in Manner herein-before directed, but the fame Fences shall for ever hereafter be repaired, supported, and maintained, by or at the Expence of the several Proprietors of the Allotments to be set out by virtue of this Act, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioner shall by his said Award or Instrument direct or appoint.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all or any of the Proprietors, after their Allotments shall have been made by Order of the said Commissioner, to ditch out their respective Allotments, and to quick or otherwise fence the fame in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, as the Lid Commissioner shall think fit; and for the better preserving the young Hedges or Quicksets, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to departure or keep any Sheep or Lambs upon any of the new Inclosures to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Seven Years from the Execution of the said Award, unless the Persons so respectively departuring or keeping Sheep or Lambs do effectually, at their own Expence, guard and fence their Neighbour’s Quicksets adjoining to such Inclosures respectively in which Sheep or Lambs shall be kept as aforesaid, so as to prevent any Damage or Injury being done to the said Fences or Quicksets by any such Sheep or Lambs; and the Persons respectively departuring such Sheep or Limbs as aforesaid, and neglecting or refusing to guard their Neighbour’s Quicksets as aforesaid, shall be liable to pay such Damages as shall be sustained by any Person or Persons whomsoever by reason or on account of such departuring and keeping Sheep or Lambs as aforesaid; which Damages, in case of Refusal to pay the fame upon Demand, shall and may be levied and recovered in the same Manner as Penalties are directed by the said recited Act to be levied and recovered.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, during the Space of Nine Years from the Execution of the said Award, wilfully turn or put, or cause to be turned or put any Cattle, into any of the Lanes, Ways, or Roads on either Side of which any new growing Fence shall be planted, or shall not remove his or her Cattle fiorn such Lanes, Ways, or Roads, on Notice thereof given, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty

Shillings

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 30. 425 4

Shillings nor less than Five Shillings; which Penalty or Penalties shall be levied and recovered in the Manner last herein-before mentioned, and shall be paid to the Surveyors of the Highways of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed, and be applied by them in the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways of the said Parish.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person Proprietor! or Persons who shall be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments under or by virtue of this Act, to give, grant, bargain, fell, demise, limit, before ttieEx-convey, assure, and dispose of the fame, for all or any Part of his, her, °j^he

or their Estate and Interest therein or Right thereto, at any Time before their Rights the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner; and every such of Common fe-Gift, Grant, Bargain, Sale, Demise, Limitation, and Disposition thereof, their other as well by Will as any other Conveyance and Assurance, shall be of the Property fame Force and Validity as if made after the Execution of the said Award; and also that it shall be lawful for any of the Owners or Proprietors of any Common Right upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, to sell and dispose of the fame, or of the Allotment or Allotments to be made and set out in respect thereof by virtue of this Act, separate and distinct from the Estate in Right of which he or file is entitled to the fame, in such Manner as he or she might have done at any Time after the Execution of the said Award; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and empowered to award all and every such Allotment or Allotments which shall be so fold and disposed of, or be made and set out in lieu of any Common Right so sold or disposed of, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or other Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the fame by virtue of any such Sale or Disposition; and every such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his and their Heirs and Assigns, shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or such Right, Interest, or Property had been vested in such Vendor at the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Not to revoke shall extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Wills, ij’eye(}yiU or Settlement or Settlements, Mortgage or Mortgages, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion,

Debt, Chief Rent, Fee Farm Rent, Incumbrance, or other Demand out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands or Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, or any Part or Parcel thereof, or any of the Lands, Tenements, or Fiereditaments which shall be exchanged, or partitioned and divided in pursuance of the Powers contained in this or the said recited Act, but the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be allotted, exchanged, partitioned, or divided as aforesaid, shall, immediately after Inch Allotment, Exchange, Partition, or Division re-lpeftively as aforesaid, be, remain, and enure to the several Persons to whom the same shall be so allotted or given, either in Exchange, or upon such Partition and Division as aforesaid; and such Persons shall from [Loc. Per.] 5 P thenceforth

426

Ditches and Drains to be l'coured.

Commissioner to lay his Accounts before Two justices Once in every Year.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

thenceforth for ever stand and be seised thereof respectively to such and the same Uses, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Remainders, Charges, Chief Rents, Fee Farm Rents, Incumbrances, and other Demands, as he, she, or they respectively would have flood seised of his, her, or their several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, liable to be allotted or exchanged, partitioned and divided as aforesaid, in case the fame had remained uninclosed, unexchanged, and undivided, or this Act had not been made.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Proprietor, or his or her Tenant or Tenants, shall and they are hereby required from Time to Time effectually to scour and cleanse the Drains or Ditches of every ancient Inclosure in the said several Parishes as well as of every new Allotment to be made in pursuance of this Act, so that there shall be in no wife any Hindrance or Impediment to the Water passing into any of the publick Drains or Ditches which shall be ordered and directed by the said Commissioner to be made for that Purpose, from any of the old Inclosures or new Allotments to be made as aforesaid; and that if any such Proprietor, or his, her, or their Tenant or Occupier, shall neglect or refuse to cleanse and scour any of such Ditches or Drains so directed to be cleansed and scoured, according to the Orders and Directions of the said Commissioner, it shall be lawful for the Owners or Occupiers of any Allotment of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any ancient or present inclosed Lands in the said several Parishes, who shall in anywise be damaged or injured by any such Neglect or Default, to exhibit a Complaint upon Oath, touching such Neglect or Refusal, against the Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Caernarvon (not interested in the Premises); and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to summon the Parties concerned, and to examine Witnesses upon Oath, as to the Ground of such Complaint (which Oath, and also the Oath to be taken by the Person exhibiting such Complaint, such Justice is hereby empowered to administer], and in case such Complaint shall appear to be well founded, such Justice shall and may order and direct the Person or Persons exhibiting such Complaint, to cause the Works in respect whereof such Complaint shall be made, to be forthwith made and done according to the Directions of the said Commissioner, and also shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to such Person or Persons as he may think proper, cause the Charges and Expences of doing thereof, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, rendering the Overplus (if any) after the Payment of such Costs and Charges, and the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That Once at leak in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act (Inch Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof), the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all bums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by him laid before any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of

t3 the

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

the Peace, not interested in the Premises, for the said County of Caernarvon, to be by them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justices dated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioner; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justices.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Award of the said Commissioner, directed by the said recited Act to be made, shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution thereof, be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Caernarvon, who is hereby authorized and required to receive and deposit the fame amongst the Records of the said County, upon receiving a Fee of One Guinea for so doing; and the said Commissioner shall make or cause to be made Five Duplicates or Copies of the said original Award, and after the Inrolment thereof in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, the said Duplicates or Copies shall be deposited in the several and respective Parish Churches of Akerdaron, Llanfaelrhys, Bryrcroes, Llangwnadle, and Bcdverin, or in such other Place or Places as the said Commissioner shall by such original Award direct and appoint.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to make an Extract on Parchment, under his Hand and Seal, of so much of the original Award directed to be made, as shall contain an accurate Description of the Allotment or Allotments so to be made to His said Majesty, together with such Regulations and Provisions relative to the said Allotment or Allotments, or to any other Rights or Interelh of His said Majesty, as may be contained in such Award, and also a Map or Plan of such Allotment or Allotments, and transmit the same to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue for the Time being, within Six Calendar Months alter the making and executing the said Award, to be by him filed and kept among the Muniments of his Office.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall advance and pay any Money in Discharge of the Fees or other Expences in or about the applying for and obtaining this Act, or carrying the fame into Execution, to the Time of railing Money as aforesaid, shall be repaid the fame with Interest, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the Monies which shall be first raised to defray the Expences by virtue thereof.

XXIX. Provided always, That the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioner at any of his Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act or the said recited Act, then and in every such Case (except where any other Mode of Relief is appointed, or the Orders or Determinations of the said Commissioner are directed to be final), he, ffie, or

427

Award and Copies to be depoilted, etc.

Commissioner to make Extrait of lo much of the Award as deferibes His Majesty *s Allotment, and to deliver the same to the Surveyor General of the LandRevcnue.

Persons advancing Money to pay the Expences of the Ait, to be repaid with Interest*

Prop ietors and Agents to pay their own Expences.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Set*

llOllS.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held in and for the said County of Caernarvon within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; and the Justices at their said General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Coifs as to them in their Discretion dial I seem meet and reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Colls which shall be awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; v'hich Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, the Court of Great Session for the County of Caernarvon, or elsewhere.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, 'I hat nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice or defeat the Right or Interest of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in and to all Mines, Ores, Minerals, and Coals, of what Nature or Kind soever, in or under the said Common and Waste Lands; but His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and His and their Lessee and Lessees, Agents, Servants, Colliers, Miners, and other Workmen, shall and may from Time to" Time and at all Times hereafter enter into, have, hold, enjoy, search, and work all Mines and Mine Works, Pits, Holes, Beds, Veins, and other Bearings of Mines, Ore, Minerals, and Coal whatsoever, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as they could have had, held, and enjoyed the lame before the passing of this Act; and for that Purpose shall and may use all Pits, Shafts, Levels, Soughs, and Tunnels already open and sunk in the said Common and Waste Lands, and all Machines, Engines, and Buildings thereon erected or standing, together with full and free Liberty, Power, and Authority to and for his said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and His and their Lessee and Lessees, and their and every of their Agents, Servants, Miners, Colliers, and other Workmen, to fink, dig, delve, drive, and work all and every or any Number of Pits, Shafts, Levels, Soughs, and Tunnels, which they shall think necessary for discovering, searching for, raising, or getting any Mines, Ores, Minerals, and Coals whatsoever, in or under the said Common and-Waste Lands, as well before as after the same shall have been inclosed; anti also to erect any Number of Steam and other Engines, Machine and Machines, of what Nature or Kind soever, which they shall think necessary for the Use, Convenience, or Advantage of any Mine or Mines whatsoever, in or upon the said Pretnifes, or any Part thereof; and to place, flack up, and lay all Lead, Copper, Iron, and other Ores, Coals, and other Minerals and Matters which shall be gotten and raised, and all Rubbish, Eaith, and Soil upon the said Common and Waste Lands; and also to have, make, and use all convenient Ways, Roads, and Railways, in, upon, and over the said Common and Waste Lands when inclosed, for the Use of any Colliery or Mines sunk or made, or which may be sunk or made in any Part or Parts thereof, and for working and carrying on the fame; and with Carts, Waggons, and other Carriages, to fetch, take, and carry away the Lead, Copper, and Iron Ores, and Coal, and all other Mines and Minerals whatsoever,

there

429

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

(here to be found and raised as aforesaid, and to do all other reasonable and necessary Acts and Things in and upon the fame Common and Waste Lands when inclosed, for the discovering, getting, working, converting, removing, carrying away, felling, and disposing of all Mines, Coal, and other Minerals whatsoever, without any Moledation or Interruption whatsoever; and all and every such Damage, Trespass, and Injury as shall or may arise or happen to any Allotment or Allotments which shall be set out under this Act to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, shall be afterwards reimbursed to and raised among such Owner and Owners, and Occupiers respectively, other than and except His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Manner herein-after mentioned and directed; (that is to say), that when and as often as any such Damage or Injury in any Allotment Or Allotments to be set out by virtue of this Act, for or in searching or working the aforesaid Mines and Minerals, or on Account of any Works, Buildings, or Concerns relating thereto shall be done, the Person or Persons who shall fudain any such Damage, Trespass, or Injury as aforesaid, shall give Information thereof to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Caernar von, Ten Days previous Notice of such Information, signed by the Person giving the fame, being fixed on the Door of the said Paridi Church of Aberdaron; and such Justices shall and are hereby empowered to examine and enquire into such Complaint in a summary Way, and by Examination of Witnedes upon Oath (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to adminider), or by such other Evidence or Proof, Ways or Means, as they shall think proper; and all and every Sum and Sums of Money paid in Satisfaction of such Damages, and the reasonable Charges of giving and prosecuting such Information (to be settled by the said Justices) drall be borne and paid by the Owners or Occupiers of all the Allotments of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by an equal Rate, to be assessed and charged upon them in respect of their several Allotments, by such Justices, in such Shares and Proportions as shall be jud, according to the respective yearly Rents or Values, which shall be ascertained and determined by the Assessments to the Poor Rates for the Time being, of the said Allotments, or of the Lands or Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotments shall have been made; and in case any Person who shall be charged to such equal Rate as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame within a Time to be limited by the said Justices, to the Person informing as aforesaid, then the said Justices shall and are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person refudng or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Didrefs, and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, upon Demand; and in case any Occupier of any of the said Allotments shall pay any Part or Share of such equal Rate as aforesaid, every such Occupier shall be at Liberty to deduct the fame out of his or her next Rent, and his or her Landlord shall and is hereby required to allow such Deduction.

XXXII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick Savins' and Corporate, his, her, and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Edate, Right, Title, and Intered (other than those meant and intended to be barred and excluded by this Act), as Per.'] 5 they,

43°

Publick Aa.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the said Lands and Grounds so directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have held or enjoyed in case the fame had not been made.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, ad. judged and construed to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

.111 tfi

Af/tolam I*xm - i>ttil

oOj'bqj: alt? nynO

»|lj <U

1 ifyi to vjrttroC

\\s\ !- IlhrSt -:4\ r- Ha (h B> ir jr

: jit-

\ v ,v lir

T 'TO> i. .1 jl. f".

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 31.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Stinted Pasture and Common, within the Parish of Richmond, in the North Riding of the County of York.

[15th April 1802.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Richmond, in the North Riding of the County of York, several Open Fields called East Fields, Galloiu Field, and West Fields, containing together about Three hundred and forty-four Acres, a common Field or Stinted Pasture called Whitcliffe Pasture, containing about Nine hundred and fifty Acres, and a Moor or Common containing about Three hundred and ninety Acres: And whereas the Right Honourable i homos Lord Dundas, John Torke, William Chaytor, and Henry Cowling Esquires, and divers other Persons and Bodies Politick or Corporate, claim to be the Owners and Proprietors of the said Open Fields and the said Common Field or Stinted Pasture, subject to certain Rights of Average Pasturage, or Eatage of divers Persons, together with such Owners and Proprietors [hoc. y Per.J 5 R over

434

Comniiflkn-

er.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

over and upon the fame at certain Times of the Year, and claim to be the Owners or Proprietors of the Soil and Freehold of the said Moor or Common, or to be entitled to Right of Common over and upon the fame: And whereas the Mayor and Aldermen of the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, also claim to be fcifed and possefted, in their Corporate Capacity, for the Use and Benefit of certain Inhabitants of the said Borough, of the said Open Fields, and of the Soil and Freehold thereof, save and except that the said ‘Thomas Lord Dtindas, ’John Yorkc Esquire, the said Mayor and Aldermen, Henry Cowling Esquire, and divers other Persons are Owners and Proprietors of the First Crop thereof, arising therein between the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of October in every Year: And whereas the said Mayor and Aldermen also claim to be seised and possessed, in their Corporate Capacity, for the Use and Benefit of certain Inhabitants of the said Borough, of the said Stinted Pasture, and of the Soil and Freehold thereof, save and except that the said Thomas Lord Dundas, John Yorke, William Chaytor Esquires, and divers other Persons as Owners of ancient Burgage Houses within the said Borough, are entitled to, and do hold and enjoy in respect to each such Burgage House, a Right of Pasture for One Horse, or other Beast in the said Stinted Pasture, between the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of October in every Year, subject to the yearly Payment of Two Shillings and Sixpence for each such Horse or Beast, to the said Mayor and Aldermenj and save that the Owners of Three Farms within the said Parish of Richmond, called Applegarth, Jefferson's, and Stapleton's, do hold and enjoy, for the Time aforesaid, certain Rights of Stint or Eatage in the said Pasture, in Right of the said Farms, under the yearly Payment of Seventeen Shillings to the said Mayor and Aldermen for such Stint ot Eatage; and the said Mayor and Aldermen also claim to be seised and possessed, in their Corporate Capacity, for the Use and Benefit of certain Inhabitants of the said Borough, of the said Moor or Common, and of the Soil and Freehold thereof: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in one Ad, certain Provifims usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas the Property in the said Open Fields lies intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and as well the fame Fields as the said Stinted Pasture and Common, are in their present State incapable of any considerable Improvement, neither can such Lands be occupied with such Convenience and Advantage as they respectively might, if the fame were divided, allotted, and inclosed in Manner herein-after mentioned but inasmuch as such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Open Fields, and Stinted Pasture and Common, shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed in Manner herein-after mentioned, and that William Dawson of Tadcasler, in the said County of York, Gentleman, or his Successor, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be, and he is hereby appointed, foie Cominiffioner for executing the several Powers vested in him by this Act, and for carrying the several Purposes of the said recited Act, and this Act,

5 into

435

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

into Execution, and subject to the Regulations of the said recited Act, except in such Cases where the same are hereby altered or varied.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shal), and he is hereby directed to cause Notice to be published in the Parish Church of Richmond aforesaid, on a Sunday during Divine Service, and also to be published Once at lead in the York Courant, of the Time and Place of his beginning to put this Act in Execution; and also of such other Day or Days as he shall appoint for receiving the Claims of any Person or Persons, or Bodies Politick or Corporate to any Share, Right, or Interest, in the said Open Fields or Stinted Padure, or any Average Eatage or Pasturage thereon, or any Right of Common upon the said Common hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, so as the Place of Attendance to be mentioned in every such Notice be within Six Miles of the Parish of Richmond aforesaid, and so as every such Notice be given Ten Days at lead before the Fird Day so to be appointed; and the said Commissioner shall and may afterwards proceed in the Execution of this Act, and from Time to Time adjourn to such Time and Place, as he shall think proper.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Proprietors shall at all Attendances upon the said Commissioner, for executing this Act, pay their own Expences, and also the Expences of their own separate Agents or Solicitors.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons and Bodies Politick or Corporate, having or claiming any Lands, Cattlegates, or Rights of Common, or Average Pasture, or Eatage, in or upon any of the said Open Fields, Stinted Padure, or Common, shall, and they are hereby required by themselves, or their Agents, to lay all such their respective Claims in Writing, under their Hands, or the Planets of their Agents, before the said Commissioner, upon such Day or Days as he shall in Manner aforesaid appoint for receiving such Claims, together with a Description of their respective Open Field Lands, and also of their Cattlegates in the said Stinted Padure, and of their respective Rights of Common, Average, or Padure, or other Right respectively as aforesaid; and in respect of what Messuages, Cottages, or Scites thereof. Lands, Tenements, Grants, Privileges, or Prescriptions, they claim the fame; and all Persons and Bodies Politick or Corporate neglecting so to lay or cause to be laid such their Claims, with such Descriptions of their respective Intered, before the said Commissioner as aforesaid, shall be, and he, she, or they are hereby excluded and debarred of and from all Right, Title, and Intered in and to the said Open Fields, Stinted Padure, and Common respectively, and from any Part, Share, Allotment, or Benefit in lieu thereof, unless the said Commissioner shall fee good Cause to prolong the Time for making such Claims; and that all Claims so made as aforesaid, shall, by the said Commissioner, be produced upon Requed of any of the Proprietors intereded in the said Division and Inclosure for Examination, and to take Copies thereof, if desired, to the Intent that such Claims may be known and fairly considered; and that all such Claims so made and delivered as aforesaid, and which shall not be objected to within One Calendar Month next after the Time so appointed for the Delivery of such

Claims

Notict of Ommissioner’s Attendance to receive Claims.

Prop! ie for* to par their own Expences.

Claims to he delivered to the om-milTioner.

436

Commissioner may ex. linguish or susperitt Kights.

Allotment for common

Quarries and

Watering

Placet.

Defraying the Expencet of the Commissioner and his Clerk,

and the other Expenses of the Act.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Claims respectively, shall be final and conclusive, and shall never afterwards be objected again!!, controverted, or disputed.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized, at any Time before the Execution of the Award herein directed to be made by the said Commissioner, by Writing under his Hand, to be affixed upon One of the Doors of the Parish Church of Richmond aforesaid, to order and di-red all or any Part of the Rights of Common and Pasture, Average or Eatage of what Nature or Kind soever, in, over, and upon the said Open Fields, Stinted Pallure, and Common, or any Part thereof, to be extin-guished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended for and during such Time as shall be expressed in such Writing; and that all such Rights as the said Commissioner shall by such Writing order and direct to be extin-guished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall, from the Time of affixing such Writing on the said Church Door, cease, determine, and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly, any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby empowered to set out and appoint One or more Places for common Quarries for getting Materials for repairing the Roads within or over the Lands hereby directed to be inclosed, and for common Watering Places for Cattle, where and in such Manner as he shall think proper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner, and also his Clerk, shall be paid the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence, for each and every Day on which they shall respectively travel or be from Home, attend, or be otherwise employed for the Purpose of executing this Act, in full Satisfaction for their Trouble, and for all such Expences as they, or either of them shall be put unto for their Maintenance or otherwise, at the Time of such their respective Journies or Attendances; and that all Charges and Expences of soliciting for obtaining and parting this Act, and the carrying the fame into Execution, shall be borne, paid, and discharged, by all the Owners and Proprietors of, and Persons and Bodies Corporate interested in the Lands and Estates to be divided, inclosed, allotted, drained, supplied with Water, or otherwise benefited or affected by virtue of this Act, at such Time and Times, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioner shall settle, adjudge, and determine, to be the jurt and fair Proportion to be paid by each such Proprietor, and other Person, and Body Corporate as aforesaid; he the said Commissioner, in the ascertaining and settling the said Proportions, having a due Regard to the Benefit which each such Proprietor, and other Person, and Body Corporate, shall receive or derive under and by virtue of this Act, and by the Works to be done in pursuance thereof.

Appointment

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Willi om Dawson, or of commit- any other Commissioner, to be appointed in Manner herein-after men-of'vacancy!' tioned, shall die, or shall neglect, refuse, or become incapable of acting,

or

437

42° GEORGII III. Cap. %t.

or carrying this Act into Execution, that then the major Part in Number and Value of the several Persons and Bodies Politick or Corporate, having any Lands, Cattlegates, or Right of Common, or Pasture, upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, by themselves or their Agents, who shall be assembled at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose at fonie respectable Publick House in the Town of Richmond aforesaid, in pursuance of Twenty Days previous Notice, in Writing, signed by Six Proprietors of Lands or Cattle-gates, so entitled as aforesaid, or their Agents, placed upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Richmond aforesaid, upon some Sunday shall, or may, by any Instrument in Writing, under their Hands, or the Hands of their Agents, elect from Time to Time some fit and proper Person not interested in the said Division or Inclosure, to be a Commissioner, in the Place of such Commissioner so dying, refusing, neglecting, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid; which said Commissioner, when elected as aforesaid, shall have the fame Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, as the Commissioner appointed by this Act is veiled with.

IX. And be it further enacted, That that Part of the said Common Field or Stinted Pasture, called Whitcliffe, which hath been for several Years pall used as a Race Ground, and whereon the Stand for viewing the Races is erected, and also so much of that Part of the said Common Pasture, which hath been used as Training Ground for Horses, as the said Commissioner shall deem necessary, not exceeding Fifty Acres in the whole for such Training Ground, shall remain in the same State and Condition as the fame now are, in order that the same shall or may be depastured from Time to Time hereafter by the several Owners of the ancient Burgage Tenements in the Borough of Richmond aforesaid, having Right of Pasturage thereon in common, in the same Manner as such Owners have been heretofore used and accustomed to departure the Whole of the said Common Pasture, but subject to such Regulations and Restrictions as to the Manner and Time of stinting, and as to the Number of Cattle to be Hinted in respect of every such Burgage Tenement as the said Commissioner in his Award shall direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect, alter, or in any Respect prejudice any Right, Privilege, or Franchise of the Owners of the said ancient Burgage Tenements having a Right of Pasture in the said Common Pasture or Common Field, called Whitcliffe Pasture, other than and except such Rights of Common or other Rights in respect of which any Allotment or Compensation shall be made by virtue of this Act, but that the several Owners for the Time being of the said Burgage Tenements, shall by virtue of their respective Rights of Pasturage so reserved to them in and upon the Parts of the said Common Pasture, called Whitcliffe, herein before described, and by virtue of the Allotments to be made to them pursuant to this Act, retain and poll'efs all such Rights, Privileges, and Franchises, as the several Owners of such Burgage Tenements do now possess, enjoy, or are entitled to in respect of their Rights of Pasture on the said Common Field, called Whitcliffe Pasture, except as her’in-before excepted.

QZ.ec. ft? Per.~\ 5 S

Part of Race

Ground and Training Grou ci to remain in th? lame btate.

Act nt>t to asse:t Owner* of ancient Burgage Tenements having Right of Pasture in fVbtlcltffe.

I

438

Right* of other Prr-fons on mil-cltffe, to be etttinguished.

Lands to be valued.

Allotment of the Residue.

Allowing Pari if s to try their Rights by an issue at Law.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from the Time of Notice being given by the said Commissioner upon the principal Door of the PariQi Church of Richmond aforesaid, for extinguishing all Rights of Average, Eatage, or Pasturage, upon the fart of the said Common Pasture called kVhitcliffe, herein-before described, except the Right of Pasture of the said Owners of Burgage Tenements herein before reserved, all such Rights of Average, Eatage, or Pasturage of all other Persons whatsoever, except the said Owners of Burgage Tenements, shall cease and be for ever extinguished.

XII. And be it further enacted, That after flaking out all publick and private Roads, Foot Paths, Ways, Gravel Pits, Watering Places, Drains, and Part of the said Common Pasture called Whitcliffe, to remain uninclosed as aforesaid, the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby re* quired, to make a true and perfect Valuation of all the Residue of the said Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed; and the Valuation so to be made as aforesaid shall be reduced into Writing, and noted upon the Plan to be made thereof, or to be made Use of according to the Directions of the said recited Act, and signed by the said Commissioner, and after being so signed the fame shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed the tiue Valuation of the fame Lands respectively; and the fame Valuation and Plan may be afterwards inspected by any of the Persons or Bodies Politick or Corporate interested, or any of their Agents, at any Attendance of the said Commissioner for the Execution of this Act, without Fee or Reward.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall in the next Place apportion, divide, set out, and allot all the said Residue of the said Lands, by this Act directed to be divided and inclosed, unto and amongst the several Proprietors, Persons, and Bodies Corporate interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Shares, Cattlegates, Rights of Average, Rights of Pasture, Rights of Common, Property and Interest in the fame Lands respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, and particularly if any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor or Manors, within or over the said Parish of Richmond, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioner, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or of any Right of Common, or other Rights or Interests, in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds herein directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioner, at the then next or the following Assizes, to be hidden for the said County of York; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioner, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Six Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioner; and

439

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he {he, or they, is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled upon, may be tried and determined; such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court, in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do as is usual in other Cafes; and after such Trial or Trials the said Commissioner is hereby required to act in conformity with the Verdict or Ver-dists thereupon given, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action Proceeding* to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such

Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in, as if Paities. no such Event had happened.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Per- Righrsof son or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, having any Right

of Common, Average, Pasturage, or Eatage, or any other Right, Share, J^rat* from or Interest in any of the Lands so intended to be inclosed as aforesaid, at any Time before the forming and drawing up the Award of the said ua"'" Commissioner, to sell and dispose of, or to let and demise all or any Part of their Estate, Right, Title, and Property, in or to any Right of Common or Pasture, Cattlegates, or other Right, Share, or Interest, in or upon the said Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and Common, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or any of them, separate from the Messuages or Cottages, or Scites thereof respectively, or other Privilege or Prescription, in respect whereof he, she, or they shall be entitled to such Right, Share, or Interest; and every such Sale or Demise being specified and set forth in the Award of the said Commissioner, or in some other Deed or Instrument under the Hand and Seal of the Parties, or the Seal of the Body or Bodies Politick and Corporate, so felling or demifing the fame, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVn. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained wills and shall be deemed, adjudged, or taken to revoke, make void, alter, or an- ^'tttlt£Bj^n1r‘ nul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person having or claim- yoked, ing to have any Jointure, Dower, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands to be divided and inclosed, or exchanged, as aforesaid; but the said several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be inclosed, shall, from and immediately after the making such Allotments respectively, be, remain, and enure to the several Persons and Bodies Politick or Corporate, to whom the same shall be allotted a3 aforesaid; and such Persons shall from thenceforth stand and be seised thereof to such and the same Uses, and subject to such and the lame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Remainders, Charges, and Incumbrances,

440

Horses, Pr. not to be kept in the Hoads.

Money advanced to be repaid.

par vacating Lease?.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

cumbrarices, as the several Hands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in lieu whereof such Allotments shall be made, now are, or would have been subject, or liable to be charged with, in case the fame had remained un-inclosed, and this Act had not been made.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Horses, Alfes, Cattle, Sheep or Lambs, Hogs or Geese, shall, for the First Ten Years, after the several Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be (talced out and entered upon by the respective Proprietors, be kept in any of the Roads or Ways to be set out or continued over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, which shall be fenced off on both Sides; nor shall it be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever for the like Space of Years to keep or departure any Asses, Sheep, or Lambs, in or upon any new Inclosure or Allotment to be made by virtue of this Act, unless the Fences of the adjoining Allotments shall be actually fenced and secured from Injury by the Person or Persons depaf-turing the fame, under a Penalty not exceeding Two Shillings for each Afs, Sheep, or Lamb, so kept in such new Allotment, to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace competent to act within the Borough of Richmond aforesaid, upon Complaint or Information on Oath in a summary Way; which Penalty such Justice is hereby required to cause to be levied accordingly by Warrant under his Hand and Seal.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons who shall advance, lay out, or lend any Money for defraying the Expences of applying for and obtaining this Act, or putting the fame in Execution, shall be repaid the fame out of the First Monies which shall be thereafter raised or.collected in pursuance thereof, with Interest for the fame after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Time of laying down, advancing, or lending the fame respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, at any Time previous to the Execution of his Award, in all Cafes where he in his Discretion shall deem it necessary or expedient for the due Execution of this Act, by any Writing or Writings under his Hand, to determine and make void all or any of the Leases or Agreements for Leases at Rack Rents, or from Year to Year then subsisting, of all, every, or any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds which are by this Act directed to be divided and allotted, and of all other Lands and Hereditaments within the said Parish, demised or agreed to be demised by or comprised in such Leases and Agreements respectively, either as to the Whole or as to some Part or Parts only of the Hereditaments comprised in such L.cases or Agreements respectively, and at such Time or Times in the Year as the said Commissioner shall, in his Discretion think most convenient and expedient, according to the Circumstances of the Cafe; and in all Cafes where any such Leases or Agreements shall be determined as aforesaid, the said Commissioner shall ascertain and declare whether any and what Sum or Sums of Money in the Gross ought to be paid, or any and what Deduction or Abatement in the reserved Rent or Rents ought to be made by the LelLrs or Landlords to the Lessees or Tenants as a Compensation and Satisfaction for such total or partial Determination of their respective Leases or Agreements; and such Sums in the Grois and reduced Rents so ascertained and declared as aforesaid shall

441

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

shall respectively become payable or commence, at such Time or Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall direct and appoint; and all such Sums in the Gross shall be charged upon the Lands in respect of which the same shall be payable, and shall and may be levied and recovered in the like Manner as is by this Act provided or mentioned with respect to the levying and recovering the Expences of passing and executing this Act; and all such reduced Rents shall, after the Commencement thereof, be payable and recoverable in like Manner as the Rents originally reserved would have been payable and recoverable if this Act had not passed; and in all Cafes where such subsisting Leases or Agreements shall continue in force as to the Whole or any Part or Parts of the Hereditaments therein comprized, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner in like Manner to ascertain and declare whether any and what additional Rent or Rents ought to be paid by the Lessees or Tenants to the I.eflors or Landlords for or in respect of any Improvement in the annual Value of the Hereditaments comprized in such Leases or Agreements respectively by reason of the fame being divided, and allotted respectively, by virtue of this Act; and such additional Rents so ascertained and declared as last aforesaid, shall commence at such Time or Times as the said Commissioner shall direct and appoint; and shall afterwards be payable and recoverable in like Manner as the Rents originally reserved, would have been payable and recoverable if this Act had not passed; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner in like Manner to settle, ascertain, and declare the Course of Husbandry to be used by such Lessees or Tenants during the Remainder of their subsisting Leases and Agreements, in all Cafes where they shall deem it necessary or proper so to do.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby authorized and empowered to direct, divert, or alter, the Course of any Spring, Stream, or Current of Water, in the Lands hereby intended to be divided and inclosed (except such of the Springs from whence the said Town of Richmond is now supplied with Water for common Use, and so as thereby not to injure any Person or Persons at present entitled to, and using the Benefit of any such Spring, Stream or Current of Water, so to be diverted or altered), and to carry and convey the fame, as well in, through, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed; as also in, over, and through any ancient Inclosures or other Lands or Grounds within the said Parish of Richmond, for the Purpose of supplying Water to all or any of the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act (making such Satisfaction to the Proprietors of such ancient Inclosures for so doing as he shall think proper); and the said Commissioner shall and may, and he is hereby directed by his Award to be made in pursuance of this Act, to set out appoint the Course, Width, Depth, and Dimensions, of all and every such Waterc'ourfes, Conduits, Pipes, and Sluices, as shall be required for the Supply of Water to the said several Allotments, and by whom, at whose Expence, at what Time, and in what Manner, the said Watercourses, Conduits, Pipes, and Sluices, shall respectively be made, and thereafter repaired, cleanled, scoured, and maintained; and the several Persons by whom the same are to be so respectively made, repaired, cleansed, scoured, and maintained, shall, and they are hereby enabled to enter and go for that Purpose, at all seasonable Times, into and upon as well the re-(peftive Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, as into and upon

\Loc. & Per.] 5 T such

Allowing Commissioner to alter the Course of Water, excepting the Springs for supplying Richmond,

442

Power to en ter Lands to clear Pipes rr Aqut-dUwiS'

No Water-

roui ie to be diver ted.

Advert i fc* menrs to be puMished in the York Ccurant

Extending the Powers given to Jnf-ticescf Pt ace for Counties, to Justices competent to i.£t for the North Riding.

Appeal.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

such ancient Inclosures or other Lands and Grounds, in, through, or over which the said Watercourses, Conduits, Pipes, and Sluices, Ova 11 be so directed to be made or placed.

XXII. And whereas the Inhabitants of the said Borough have from Time immemorial been supplied with Water from and through the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, or some of them, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Corporation of the said Borough, or the Parish Officers, or other proper Representatives of the Parish of Richmond aforesaid, or their respective Servants, Agents, or Workmen, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to enter and go into and upon any of the Lands, so to be inclosed as aforesaid, for the Purpose of clearing, mending, and repairing any of the Drains, Pipes, or Aqueducts now made or placed therein for supplying the Town of Richmond aforesaid with Water; and also for the Purpose of making, cutting, and placing any new Drains, Pipes, or Aqueducts, for conveying Water to the said Town as aforesaid, from any of the Springs from which the fame is now conveyed; or in case the fame Springs shall fail and become insufficient for such Supply, then from any other Spring or Springs now being or hereafter to be found in or rear to any of the Lands so to be inclosed as aforesaid; and also for the Purpose of searching for such Springs as aforesaid, such Operations being conduced with as little Damage as possible to the Surface of the Ground, upon which the same shall be made, and without injuring the Supply of Water of the Owners of the respective Inclosures so to be made as aforesaid for their private Use therein.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Commissioner to divert any Watercourse or Rivulet, running through any Part of the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided and allotted without the Consent of the Person or Persons so entitled to the Use thereof.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Advertisements in any publick Newspaper, to be made of any Matter or Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this Act, shall be made and published in the Newspaper commonly called "he York Courant.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where, by the said recited Act, Power is given to any Justice of the Peace of any County, to administer any Oath or Affirmation, levy any Penalty or Forfeiture, or to do any other Act touching the Premises, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace competent to act as such in and for the said Borough of Richmond, or for the said North Riding of the County of York, to administer such Oath or Affirmation, levy such Penalties or Forfeitures, or do such other Acts respectively.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case (except where the Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioner is directed to be final, binding, or conclusive, and except in such Cases wherein an Issue at Law may be tried as herein-before mentioned) such Person or Persons may appeal to

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 31. 443

the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held in and for the said North Riding of the County of York, within Four Cafendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, and the Justices at such Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein as they shall think reasonable; and such Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive on all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certi-'erari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WefitninJicr or elsewhere.

XXVII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies ' ' Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their respective Heirs, Successors,

Executors, and Administrators, all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest (other than those meant and intended to be barred and excluded by this Act), as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out

of the said Lands and Grounds, so directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have held or enjoyed in case the fame had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and construed to be a publick Ad, and shall be judicially taken

Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ivV

V

£ -

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*m>*

Cap. 52.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kempjion, in the County of Bedford.

[15th April 1802.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Kmpjion, in the County of Bedford, divers Open and Common fields. Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, containing together by Estimation Two thousand six hundred Aoes, or thereabouts: And whereas Robert Denis Esquire is Lord of the Manors of Kempfton Drwbetry and Saint John’s, in the said Parish of Kempfion, and as liich is entitled to the Right of Soil of all the Waste Lands within the said Parish of Kempfion: And whereas William Long Esquire, is Lord of the Manors of K-mpJion Greys otherwise Ilajiimfbury, and Kt npflon Hard-wick, in the said Parish of Kem'ston: And whereas Tie-wrtt G rney Esquire, George Livius Esquire, and harrer Grove Spurgeon Farrer Esquire, are Teverally Owners and Proprietors of all the Great Tv thes growing, anfing, or renewing within or from all the tytheable Places, Lands, and Grounds within the said Parish, except certain Meadows called The Holmes-, and the said Thomas Gurney is also Owner and Proprietor of cert.rn Glebe Lands and Right of Common in the said [Lee. £j? Per.2 5 U Open

446

Commission-

rs.

Two Com-

mflicnert

m.iy

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds: And wheieas "James Afpinwall Clerk, is the Patron of the Vic.rage of Kemrftcn aforesaid, and is also Vicar of the iaid Vicarage, and in Right thereof is entitled to all the Vicarial or Small Tythes arising, renewing, or happening within the said Pari lb of Kemp-fton, and to the Great Tythes arising, renewing, or happening from certain Meadows in th said Par fh, called The Holmes, and is also entitled to certain Glebe Lands and Right of Common in the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds: And whereas the Most Noble John Duke of Bedford, the Most Noble Henry Marquis of Exeter, Thomas Lord Viscount Hampden, Sir Philip Monoux Baronet, Samuel Whitbread, Robert Denis, William Long, George Livius, Thomas Abbott Green, Frederick William Fcfter, Thomas Gttrmy. Farrer Grove Spurgeon Farcer, Esquires, Carter Skevington, Peregrine Na/h, 1 evi Lavender, Joseph Mar get ti Pietfon, Gentlemen, James Wadmcn Alexander, and Richatd LittLb. Is, Cie ks, and divers other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of all th; Residue of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and other Commonable Lends and Waste Grounds herein before mentioned or described, and are respectively entitled to Rights of Common and other Interests therein, in different Proportions: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majtlfy, intituled, An Act for consoli-datng in One Act certain Provisions usualty inserted in Acts of In do fur t , and for facilitating the Mode of proving the fiveral Fadls usual.y requi ed on the pqffing of fuib Acts: And wheeas the Lands and Grounds of the said respecti. e Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures lie intermixed with each other, and are in other R speds inconveniently situated, and in their present State incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be beneficial to the several Pioprictois thereof and Persons interclled therein, if the fame.andotherthe Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Kempfton aforesaid, v/ere divided and inclosed, and specifick Shares thertof let out and allotted to them, in Proportion to their several and respective Estates, Rights, and Interests therein; but such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enadrd; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallutes, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Kempfton aforesaid, shall, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, be valued, qualified, appraistd, divided, frt out, and allotted, by Joseph Patofy of Silfoe, in the County of Bedford, Gentleman, John Fel'owes of Fc/cctt, in the County of Buckingham, Gentleman, and Edward Platt of L'dlington, in the County of Bedford, Gentleman, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein contained, eltabiished, and appointed, and also subject to the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act, except where the lame are hereby varied or altered.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two of the Commissioners hereby appointed, or who shall hereafter

447

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

after be appointed by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to execute, do, and perform every Ad, Matter, and Thing by this Act authorized to be done and performed by the said Commissioners, and every such Ad, Matter, and Thing, which shall be executed, done, and performed by any Two of such Commissioners, shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame had been done and performed by all the said Commissioners.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if, before all the Powers for and Authorities hereby reposed in the said Commissioners shall have been mfiiioners?"*' fully executed and performed, the said Joseph Pawfey shall die, or shall nrg-led, or become incapable, or refuse to ad in the Execution of such Powers and Authorities, it shall be lawful for the said William Long, his Heirs or Assigns, and he and they is and are hereby required, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to appoint some other fit Person, nor interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the Pla c or Stead of the said Joseph Pawfey, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner to be appointed by the said Wiitiam Long, his Hi irs or Assigns, shall die, neglect, become incapable, or refuse to act as aforesaid; and that in case the said John Fellowes shall die, neglect, or become incapable, or refuse to ad in the Execution of such Powers and Authorities, ir shall be lawful for the said Thomas Gurney,

Gerge Livius, Farmer Grove Spurgeon Farrer, and Jamei Afpinwall, and their rriprdtve Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, or the Persons seised of the said Tythes for the Time being, and they are hereby required, by Writing under their Hands, jointly to appoint some other fit Person, not interefltd in the said intended Division and Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the Place or Stead of the said John Fellowes, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner to be appointed by the said Fko-mas Gurney, George Livius, Farrer Grove Spurgeon Farrer, and James Af-pinwall, their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or the Persons seised of the said Tythes for the Time being, shall die, neglect, become incapable, or refuse to act as aforesaid and that in case the said Edward Platt shall die, neglect, become incapable, or refuse to ad in the Execution of such Powers and Authorities, it shall be lawful for the major Parr in Vaiue of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds so intended to be divided and inclosed ( xcept the said William Long, Thomas Gurney, George Livius,

Farrer Grove Spurgeon Farrer, and James Afpinwall, their respective Heirs,

Successors, and Alfgns, or the Persons seised of the said Tythes for the Time being), who by themselves, or their respective Agents duly authorized, shall attend the Meeting or Meetings to be appointed by the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands to appoint some other fit Person, not inte-retted in the said intended Division and Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the Place or Stead of the said Edward Platt, and so from Time to Time as ( f;er as any Commissioner to be appointed by the major Part in Value of tire said Proprietors shall die, neglect, become incapable, or re-fule to act as aforesaid; provided that the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall caulc Notice to be given of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election, (which Place shall be in the Parish of Kcmpston alorefa d, or within the Distance ot Four Miles the.cfrom), at lealt Fourteen Days before the Time of holding such

Meeting,

448 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

Meeting, by affixing such Nonce on One of the outer Doors of the Parish Church ot Kempjt n aforesaid, on some Sunday before, and there to remain during Divine Service, and by causing the same to be published in the Newl'papers called The Northampton Mercury, and Cambridge Chronicle, or One of them; and if the said liilliam Long, his H-1rs or Assigns, or the said Thomas Gurney, George Livius, iarrer Grcve Spurgeon Far er, and James Afpinwall, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or the Persons foiled of the said Tythes for the Time being, fh *> 1, lor the Space of Twenty eighr Days after Notice to him or ihem given by the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner, or if the Majority in Value of the said other Proprietors, at the Meeting to be appointed as 1. ft aforesaid, shall respectively refuse or neglect to appoint a new Commissioner in the Place or Stead of every or any Commissioner who shall die, neglect, become incapable, or refuie to act as aforesaid, thrrvand in every Inch Cafe, the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Conmiiffioner shall from Time to 1 mu, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, appoint a fit and proper Person, not inicrested in the said intended D vision and Inclosure, to be a Cumnufli mer in the Place of each Commissionr so dying, m-glefting, becoming incapable, or refusing to act as aforesaid, whole P ace shall not be filled up by the Person or Pe Ions primarily enabl'd to appoint such new Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid; and every Commissioner to be appointed by the Person or Persons respectively, and in the Manner hereby duefted, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for puiring this Act in Execution as if he had been expressly named and appointed a Commissioner by this Act.

Notice of

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and

Meetings. they are required to give publick Notice in Writing, to be

affixed upon One of the outer Doors of the Parish Church of K mpston aforesaid, on some Sunday before and during Divine Service, of the Time and Place of their JFirft and every subsequent Meeting for executing the Powers vested in them by this Act, at ltaft Six Days before the Time appointed for holding every such Meeting, (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners at any ot their Meeiings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, from Time to Time as they shall find it convenient, to continue such Meeting by Adjournment, for the due Execution of this Act, leaving Notice at the Place where the Commissioners shall be fitting at the Time of any such Adjournment, of the Time and Place to which such Meetings shall be adjourned.

One Commis- V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if only One of

fioner may the fai<j Commissioners shall attend at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting to he holden pursuant to this Act, it shall be l-wful for such One Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, to adjourn such Meciing to any future Day he shall see most convenient, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day of Adjournment, and at the fame or any o;her Place within the Diltance herein-before limited, giving due Notice to the others or other of the said Commissioners, and so from Time to Time as often as there shall be Occasion, ur,td Two or more of the said Commissioners shall be present.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 32. 449

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Meetings of the said Com-niifliontrs for putting this Act into Execution shall be held at Kempflon

afore laid, or within the D.stance of Four Miles therefrom. four Miles.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Meeting to they are hereby required to appoint a Time and Place for receiving Ap- Appli-plicatiens from the Proprietors, touching the Situation they would re-l'peftively choose to have their Allotments let out and allotted in, and shall give Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Meeting, to be affixed upon One of the outer Doors of the Parish Church of Kempfton aforesaid, on some Sundry before and during Divine Service.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference Fordetermin-shall arise between any of the Parties interested in the said intended Di- coEn^rn7ngC" vision and Inclosure, touching the Shares or Proportions which they or Boundaries any of them ought to have in lieu of their Lands or other Rights and

Interests in the said intended Division and Inclosure, or touching the Value of any of the Homesteads, Homeclcfes, or other inclosed Lands or Grounds within the said Parish of KtmpJlony it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, to examine into, hear, and determine the fame respectively, and their Determination therein shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties: Provided always, that no such Determination of the said Commissioners shall hinder or prevent any of the Parties from trying his, her, or their Rights at Law in respect of any Matter of Title.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners Powers to af. shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, ftfi Cost,‘ Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this Act, fee Cause to award any Colts, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby difsllowed or over-ruled $ and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any), upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Person or Allowing p»r-Persons interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Divi- R^htj^'an^ fion and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the issue at i^atT. Lid Commissioners, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the

Right to the Soil of the said Commons, and Waste Grounds, or of any Rights of Common, or Interests, in, over, or upon the Lands and [Lw. L? Per,] 5 X Grounds

45°

Determination of Commissioners to be final, if rot ol>jev'ed to, or Act'on not brought.

If any of the j^articu die. Proceeding* not lo abate.

Clean sing Waiercvuifts

4*° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inrlofed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so difiatisfiea to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Bedford-, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be diflathfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought, upon a feigned Issue, against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby insisted on, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions, shall be final, binding, and condusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall let aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cafes; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners, touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or of any Rights of Common or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and indofed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or bi ng objected to, the Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may scour cur, widen, divert, turn, or alter all such ancient Brooks, Drains, Ditches, Watercourses, Tunnels, and Bridges in the said Parish of Kempston, and shall anti may make, erect, set out, and appoint such new Drains, Ditches, Watercourses, Bridges, Staunches, and Tunnels, as well in, through, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as also in, through, and over any ancient Inclosures or other Linds and Grounds within the said Parish, of such Depth and Width, arid in such Courses and Directions, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, making such Satisfaction to the Proprietors of Rich ancient Inclosures, or other Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, not hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, for so doing, as they shall think rcaLnable and proper j and the said Commissioners shall and may

*4 flraighten

4-2° GEORGII III. Cap. 32. 451

straighten the Course of any Rivulet or Stream, at or near the Bounds of any Part of the said Parish, in such Manner, as they shall think proper, and may, if they think proper, declare any such Rivulet or Stream lo to be straightened as aforesaid to be tire Boundary of the said Parish, or any Part thereof, and also shall and rnay fix and determine the Height beyond which the Stream of Water called the River Ouze, running above certain Water Mills in the said Parish, called Kempston Mills, shall not at any Time be penned or held up by the Owners or Occupiers of the said Mills-, and the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby required, in and by their Award, to order, direct, and appoint by whom, at whole Expence, at what Times, and in what Manner, the said Brooks,

Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Bridges, Staunches, and Tunnels shall be made, and thereafter repaired, cleansed, scoured and maintained.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Allotments mav, an I they are hereby authorized and empowered to set out, allot, and p^sGravtl award, from and out of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, One or more Piece or Parcel, or Pieces or Parcels

of Land, not exceeding in the Whole Four Acres, as and for publick Stone, Sand, and Gravel Pits, with convenient Roads to and from the same respectively, to be used for the Repairs of the publick and private Roads within the said Parish -, and the Herbage growing and renewing in and upon such Piece or Parcel, Pieces or Parcels of Land and Ground respectivrly, shall be and is hereby vested in the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of the said Parish, in Trust to let the fame for the best Rent or Rents that ran be reasonably had or got for the fame, and to apply the Rents and Profits thereof respectively towards the Repairs of the publick Roads and Ways within the said Parish.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in Allotment to the next Place set out, allot, and award unto and for the said Rolert Msnor^in Denis, his Heirs and Assigns, as Lord of the said Manors of Kempston lieu of Right Dar.beny and Saint John’s, such Parcel or Parcels of the Lands and wafteand Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed as shall, in the Judge- Commons, ment of the said Commissioners, be equal in Value to One Eighteenth

Part of all the Commons and Waste Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, in lieu of, and in full Compensation and Satisfaction for all his Right and Interest in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in Allotments to the next Place set out, allot, and award unto and for the said Thomas Cur-

my, his Heirs and Assigns, such Parcel or Parcels of the Lands and Glebe Land. Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent and Compensation for the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Thomas Gurney, and for the Right of Common belonging thereto, in, over and upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotments to

in the next Place set out, allot, and award unto and for the said James f.he Vl/®r1i!1

-f , lieu of Glebe.

AJpinwall L»nd.

452

Allotment for Tjthes.

All otment; to be in tull Satisfaction fjr all Xytlies.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

AfpinwaU and his Successors, Vicars of the said Vicarage, such Parcel or Parcels of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent and Compensation for the Glebe Lands belonging to and enjoyed with the said Vicarage, and for the Right of Common belonging thereto, in, over, and upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in the next place set out, allot, and award, for and in lieu and Satisfaction of all Tythes, both Great and Small, arising, growing, renewing, happening, or payable within the said Parish of Kempston (except the Redo-rial Tythes of such inclosed Lands for which any other Compensation is herein-after provided; and also except a certain Farm in the faicj Parish belonging to Richard Edwards Esquire), such Parcel or Parcels of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One Fifth Part of all the Arable Lands, One Tenth Part of all the Wood Lands, and One Ninth Part of all the Grass Grounds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and all the other Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Kempston (except such inclosed Lands, for the Reftorial Tythes whereof another Compensation is herein-after provided; and also except the said Farm belonging to the said Richard Edwards), which are severally subject or liable to the Payment of both Great and Small Tythes, and also equal in Value (Regard being had to the Proportions aforesaid), to the Tythes issuing and payable out of such of the Lands in the said Parish as are subject to Great Tythes only, or to Small Tythes only, and also equal in Value to all the Vicarial Tythes arising from and upon the said excepted inclosed Lands, and which shall remain after the publick and private Roads, Sewers, Drains, and Watercourses, and the Allotments for Stone and Gravel Pits shall be taken and deducted therefrom; which said Parcel or Parcels of Land and Ground so directed to be set out and allotted for Tythes as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby directed and required to apportion, divide, allot, and award, to and amongst them the said Thomas Gurney, George Livius, Farrer Grove Spurgeon Farrer, and the Vicar aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or the Persons seised of the said Tythes for the Time being respectively, in such Parts, Shares, and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be a just Compensation, Equivalent, and Satisfaction for their respective Parts, Shares, Proportions, Rights, and Interests of and in the Tythes for and in respect of which such Parcel or Parcels of Land and Ground shall be set out as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Ground! which shall be allotted by virtue of this Act for and in lieu of Tythes, shall be accepted and taken by the said Thomas Gurney, George Livius, Farrer Grove Spurgeon Farrer, and the Vicar aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or the Persons seised of the said Tythes for the Time being respectively, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of and for all and all Manner of Tythes issuing, arising, and payable to them and each of them respectively, from, out of, or for all and every the Meffujpes, Homesteads, Orchards, Gardens, ancient Indofures, Common Fields*

453

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and all other Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Kempfion aforesaid, for the Tythes whereof Compensation shall be made by virtue of this Act, (Easter Offerings,

Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees due to the said Vicar only excepted)} pro- Tythes to be vided that until the said Allotments in lieu of T ythes shall be set out, f^mentsmade and Notice thereof given by the said Commissioners to the said Thomas and Notice Gurney, George Lhius, Farr: r Grove Spurgeon Farrer, and the Vicar afore- Eiv'n' said, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or the Persons seised of the said Tythes for the Time being respectively, they dull severally be entitled to, and shall receive and enjoy, such and the fame Tythes, and Payments in lieu of Tythes, as they respectively could or might have done in case this Act had not been made.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That after the several Allotments Allotment* herein-before directed to be made shall have been assigned and set our, °‘ the Kcfidue‘ the said Commi limners shall divide, set out, allot, and award all the Re-

fiduc of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, unto and amongst the several Proprietors thereof and Persons interested therein, in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions as by the said Commissioners shall be adjudged and determined to be a just Compensation and Satisfaction for, and equal to their several and respective Lands, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests therein, for which no Allotment or Compensation is herein-before Ipecifically directed to be made.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case there Certain

are any Common Greens or Waste Lands in the said Parish of Kempfion ,^ain tmm-which cannot, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, be divided doled, and inclosed without Prejudice or Inconvenience to the Owners and Occupiers of the adjoining Messuages, Cottages, Homesteads, or old Inclosures, or to the Advantage of the Persons interested therein, then and in either of the said Cafes such Common Greens or Waste Lands shall remain and continue undivided and uninclosed, and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to assign and allot the Herbage of such Common Greens or Waste Lands to such One or more of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or of any Common Right or Common Rights, or other Interest in or over the fame, as they shall adjudge the said Herbage to be most convenient for, in or towards Satisfaction of the Right and Interest or Rights and Interests of such Proprietor or Proprietors respectively; and in case the said Herbage shall be allotted to more than One of such Proprietors, the same shall be used and enjoyed by such Proprietors respectively, or their respective Tenants, in such Shares and Proportions, and shall be (locked by them with such Kinds and Number of Cattle, and shall be under and subject to such Rules and Regulations, as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award direct and appoint; and in such Cases the Soil of the said last mentioned Common Greens or Waste Grounds shall be, remain, and continue vested in the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manors of Kempfion Dawbeney and Saint John's.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments herein- th^Ailt*-before directed to be set out, allotted, and awarded unto the said Tho- ments.

[Lot. & Per.J 5 T mas

45+

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

mas Gurney and the Vicar aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Succtflbrr, and Assigns, in lieu of Glebe Lands and Right of Common; and the several Allotments herein-before directed to be let out, allotted, and awarded, for and in lieu of Tythes as aforesaid, shall be respectively in-ciofed and fenced round the Boundaries thereof (except such Parts thereof as shall adjoin upon any other Allotments to the said respective Tythe Owners), with Quiclcfct Hedges and Ditches, or outer proper Mounds or Fences, with proper Posts, Rails, and other Guard Femes to such Quick-set H dges, within such Times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners shall order and appoint, at the Expence of all or such of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds which shall be exonerated from Tythes by virtue of this Act, and in such Manner and Proportions as the said Commissioners shad order and appoint and such Hedges Ditches, and other Fences (alter the same shall have been properly made), shall be preserved, repaired, and maintained by and at the Expence of the several Proprietors to whom the same shall be allotted or dirtded to belong.

Priori t°f

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Augment", fct out, appoint, and award such Bound ry Hedges, Ditch's, and Fences, for the imlofing, separating, and dividing of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and incloicd, as they shall think necessary; and the said Htdgcs, Dirches, and Fences, shall be made and ar all Times theteafter repaired by such of the said Proprietors to whom t' e said Lands and Grounds shall be allotted (except as herein before is particularly directed to the contrary), within such Time, and in such Manner ai d Proportions, as the said Commissioners by their Award, or any Writi g under the ir Hands in that Behalf, shall award, order, direct, or appoint; and the Orders and Directions of the said Commissioners in that B half, shall be binding and conclusive to the several Parties so interested in and entitled to such Shares and Allotments as aforesaid.

Gate* may be

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Proprietors of Bridle Road* t*lc Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act, tic. ’ shall have foil Power and Liberty, from Time to Time and at all Times

after the Execution of the said Award, to set up and continue a Swing Ga:e or Swing Gates across any Part or Parts of the publick or private Bridle Roads or Ways, or private Carriage ,nd Drift Roads to be made and set out through their tespective Allotments, or across any Fi eboard or Meer Way, for keeping out Cattle, and separating such Proprietors Allotments, so as such Gate or Gates shall not prevent any Person or Persons entitled to use the said Roads, with or without Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, f.om pairing or repassing along such Roads, or enjoying any Right, Title, or Property which he, (lie, or they ought to have or enjoy over such Road, Freeboard, or Meer Way.

b»°d*'aftiir*d

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whom-i, the iri^h soever shall graze or keep any Sort of Cattle whatsoever in or upon any Yeai/°rSeVen t^ie ^-oa^s or Ways which the said Commissioners shall order or direct to be set out and fenced on both Sides, for the Space of Seven Years next alter the making and executing of the said Award, under a Penahv not exceeding Ten Shillings, nor less tharr Five Shillings, for every Bcaft, Horse, Sheep, or Lamb, which shall be found therein, to be paid to the

Person

455

4a° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

Person or Persons who dial] take and impound the fame j and every P,o-prictor or Occupier of Lands within the said P.tridi, and their and every of their Servants and Labourers, and also the Hayward or Pinder of the salt) Farida for the Time being, is and are hereby empowered to take and impound every such Be ft, Horle, Sheep, or Lamb, which Hull be so found grazing as aforesaid, at any Time or Times af.er any Quicksets shall be planted next the said Roads or Ways so fenced off as aforesaid, before the Expiration of the said Term of Seven Years.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That where there are any Home- How Proprie. Heads, Gardens, Orchards, or other ancient indofed Lands or Grounds in ci0iu'ie° rtr?~ the Parish of Kanpfton aforesaid, subject and liable to the Payment of are to make Tythes, the respective Proprietors whereof shall not be entitled to any, ^"Tyrhea.0" or nit to a sufficient Inercft or Property in the Lands and Grounds

hereby intended to be divided and indofed, to make Compensation for the Tythes issuing and payable thereout, such Proprietors shall respectively pay or cause to be paid unto such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners (h rI judge and determine to be a full Compensation and Satisfaction, according to the Proportions aforesaid, for the Tythes of such Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and other ancknc indoled Lands or Grounds respectively, or of such Part thereof for which a Compensation in Land cannot be made as aforesaid j and the several Sums of Money to be paid in respect of such Tythes,

shall be applied towards defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, and shall and may be raised and recovered in like Manner as such Expences are herein after directed to be raised and recovered.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said The Commit. C immissioners, with the Consent in Writing as well of the Proprietor or Proprietors of any of the ancient indofed Lands and Grounds in the said proprietors, Parish, for the Rectorial Tythes whereof a Compensation is not herein-

before directed to be made, as of the Owner or Owners of the Rectorial 'ryiheofcer-Tythes payable thereout respectively, to set out and allot, for and in tam indofed Lieu and Satisfaction of all Rectorial Tythes of such old indofed Lands, jnciofed such Part and Parts of the fame inclosed Lands as shall, in the Judgement Lands, of the said Commissioners, be equal in Value (Regard being had to the Proportions aforesaid), to the Rectorial Tythes issuing and payable out of the fame inclosed Lands and Grounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said kand^mayj>« Commissioners, if they shall judge it expedient, upon the Request in Allotment! Writing to them made at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance for fcxpencei. of this Act, previous to the setting out any of the Allotments herein-before directed to be made, of any of the Owners or Proprietors of the

Lands and Grounds by this Act intended to be divided and indofed, or of any Common Right or other Interest thtrein, except the Vicar aforesaid, whether seised in Fee or Tenant in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or for any Number of Years determinable upon Life or Lives, or for any other determinable Estate or Interest, or at the Request of the respective Husbands,

Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of or for any of such Owners or Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, Lunatick', or

beybnd

456

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability cr Incapacity, or of the Persons acting as such Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, or the major Part of them respectively, to deduct from the Value and Amount of the Allotment or respective Allotments of such Owner or Owners, by whom or on whole Behalf such Request shall be made as aforesaid, so much as shall, in the Judgement of the Paid Commissioners, be equal to his, her, or their Share and Proportion, or respective Shares and Proportions of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, and of fencing the remaining Allotment or Allotments of such Owner or Owners respectively; and the Land so deducted shall be allotted to and divided amongst such of the other Owners and Proprietors who shall be charged with and shall pay such Charges and Expences, in Proportion to the Sums they shall respectively pay or contribute thereto.

Righnof

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any b°fold°n may Person or Persons who hath or shall have or be entitled to any Right of Common, or other Right or Interest in, upon, or over any of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and incloltd, or to or in whom any Common of Pasture, or other Share or Part of any Common Pasture shall be assigned or become vested by virtue of this Act, to lell and dispose of such respective Rights and Interests separately and apart from the Property in respect of which they shall or may be severally entitled to such Right of Common, or other Right or Interest.

XXIX. And, for the more convenient Situation and Disposition of the several Farms, Lands, and Estates in Kempfton aforesaid, upon and after the said intended Division and Inclosure, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to assign and set out any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts of such Allotments, or any Messuages, Cottages, old Inclosures, Tenements, Rents, or other Hereditaments, ficuate or arising within the said Parish of Kempfton in Lieu of and Exchange for any other Messuages, Cottages, old Inclosures, Allotments, Tenements, Rents, or other Hereditaments in Kempfton aforesaid, or within any other Parish or Place adjoining thereto; so th it every such Exchange be ascertained, declared and set forth in the Award of the said Commissioners, and so that every such Exchange be made by and with the Cor.sent and Approbation of the respective Proprietors, or other Person or Persons leifed or possessed of the Premifts which shall respectively be so exchanged, or by and with the Consent of the Husbands, Trustees or Guardians, Committees or Attornies, of or for any lbqh Proprietors or Persons so seised or possessed respectively, who at the Time of making any such Exchange shall be under Coverture, Minors, Lunaticks, beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves, or of the Trustees of Estates for charitable or publick Uses, or the major Part of them respectively; and (b that every such Exchange of Hereditaments belonging to any Ecclesiastical Benefice be made with the Consent of the Lord Bishop of Lincoln for the Time being, testified by Writing under his Hand; and every such Exchange so to be made and declared, shall be for ever good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any Want of Title in the exchanging Parties, or any Will,

Settlement,

Power to make Exchanges.

457

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

Settlement, Limitation, or Incumbrance, affecting the Premises which shall be so exchanged.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Costs, Expence of Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing any Ex- Exchanges changes and Partitions, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons on«,tobc'* making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Pro- borne by th# portions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons Commission-shall be seised or possessed of Lands or other Hereditaments in the said

Parish of Kempjion, held by different Tenures, or for, by, or under dif- held by different Estates or Titles, the said Commissioners shall (upon the Request terent Te-of the Persons so seised or possessed respectively), enquire into, after- derdifferent tain, and determine the respective Lands or other Hereditaments held by such several Tenures, or for, by, or under such different Estates or Titles respectively, and shall set out distinct Allotments in respect of such Paris thereof as shall lie or arise within the Common and Open fields.

Commons, and Wades hereby directed to be divided and inclosed (Regard being had to the Deductions which shall have been made for the Tythes of ancient Inclosures held by the fame Tenures, and for the fame Estates respectively); and the said Commissioners shall allb (at such Request: as aforesaid) ascertain and set out, by Meies and Bounds, the Buildings and ancient Inclosures in the said Patish of Kempjion, held by such several Tenures, and by, for, or under such different Estates or Titles.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if in any Commission-Cafe such Buildings or ancient Inc! lures shall by long Unjty of Pof- ,"’en"gi^pj* fession, the Destruction of Boundaries, or otherwise, be so intermixed or Lands held confounded, that the said Commissioners shall find it impracticable or incon- !^"ffercnt venient to ascertain and set out the fame from other Lands or Hereditaments Alt es' of the fame Proprietor or Proprietors held by any different Tenure, or by,

for, or under any different Estate or Title, then the said Commissioners shall appropriate and set out such Parts and Proportions of the Lands and Hereditaments of such Proprieti r or Proprietors in Kempjion aforesaid, in respect of the Lands held by each respective Tenure, or by, for, or under each respective Estate or Title, as shall in their Judgement be equal in Value to the Lands or Hereditaments in respect whcieof the same shall be so set out and appropriated; and the Determination and Award of the said Commissioners thereon shall be final and conclusive to all Persons whomsoever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Powertoen-said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, with the Consent of colloids the respective Lords of the Manor or Manors of whom any Messuages, ' Cottages, Lands, or Tenements in the Parish of Kempjion aforesaid are

or shall be holden by Copy of Court Roll, and of the customary Tenant or Tenants by whom any such Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements shall be respectively holden, in and by the Award of the said Commissioners, or by any other Writing or Writings to be signed and sealed by the said Commissioners, and by such Lord or Lords, and Tenant or Tenants respectively, or by the Husbands, Trustees or Guardians,

Committees or Attornies, of and for any such Tenants, being Femes Covert, Minors, Lunaticks, beyond the Seas, or under any other Inca-[Lcf. £5* Prr.J 5 Z pacity

458 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

pacity or Disability, at any Time before the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Date of the said Award, to declare any such Copy-hold or Customary Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements to be entranchiled, and the Tenures by which the same are hclden, and the Fines, Heriots, and other Services incident thereto, to be discharged and extinguished, and that the fame Messuages, Cottage^, Lands, or Tenements, or any Part or Parts thereof re I pi ctively, shall from thenceforth be holden of the Lord or Lords of the fame respective Manor, either by the Rents which shall have been theretofore paid or payable to the Lord or Lords of the fame Manor in respect thereof, or by any less Rent or Rents, to be in such Writing or W.itings ascertained and lligned, or without Rent, and to assign and award to the Lord of the fame Manor any Sum of Money, or such Comptnfation, by i'art of such Customary and Copyhold Lands and Tenements, or by and out of any of the Lands and Tenements hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or any other Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments of Inch Customary or Copyhold Tenant in KempJIon afore laid, as shall in the Judgement of the said CommilTicners be an Equivalent and Satisfaction for the Customary Payments, Burthens, and Services to wh ch such Copyhold Mrfluagts, Coctages, Lands, or Tenements respectively shall hare been subject or liable; and the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the Manor to whom any such ancient Rent shall be reserved and continued, or any lesser Rent assigned, shall have the like Powers and Remedies for the Recovery of such Rents resprdtively, as by the Laws of this Realm are given for the Recovery of Rents Seek, Rents of Assize,an; Chief Rents; andlrom and after any such Declaration shall be made and executed, and such Sum of Money or other Compensation shall be paid or assigned in b.x hange for such Copyhold Tenure, the Lands and Tenements in every such Declaration comprized, and thereby expressed to be enfranchised, shall be held, possessed, and enjoyed by the Owner or Owners thereof paying or making such Compensation, their respective Heirs or Assigns, or other Persons claiming in Reversion or Remainder of the Lord or Lords of such Manors respectively, in Free and Common Socage, discharged of the Tenure by Copy of Court Roll, and of all Services and Duties incident to such Tenure, and of all other Services and Payments, except the Rent or Rents which may be continued or reserved to such Lord or Lords in respect thereof; and the Lands or other Hereditaments so to be assigned to such Lord or Lords, shall be by him or them, and by his or their Heirs or Assigns, held and enjoyed in Compensation for the Tenure so to be

extinguished , any Want of Title in such Lord or Lords, Tenant or Tenants, or any Will, Settlement, Limitation, or Incumbrance not*

withstanding.

Thi* Act not

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in

w *ffe6t this Act contained shall extend, or be construed, adjudged, deemed, or

W’'1'*’ taken to extend, to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Sctdement,

Deed, Will, or Lease, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Legacy, Annuity, Mortgage, Debt, Rent Charge, or Incumbrance whatsoever, in, out of, upon, or anywise affecting any of the Lands or Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, or any of the Messuages, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which shall be partitioned, exchanged, or assigned in Compensation for any other Estate or Right by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, but as well the Land

allotted,

459

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

allotted, as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments which shall be assigned on any Partition, or in Exchange, or in Compensation for any other Ellate or Right, shall, immediately after such Allotment, Partition, Exchange, or Alignment shall be made, be vested, remain, and enure, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be allotted, assigned, or given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth (land and be felled thereof respectively to, for, and upon such and the same Uses, Estates, Intents, Trusts, and Purposes respectively, and subject and liable to Inch and the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations,

Remainders, Conditions, Charges, Tenures, Rents, Services, and Incumbrances, as the several Messuages, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, and Hered.taments, in respect whereof such Allotments, Alignments, and Exchanges shall have been made should or would have flood severally limited, lettled, or vested, or subject or liable to be charged with, or held or affected by, in calc the fame had not been inclosed, assigned, or exchanged, and this Act had not been made (save and except such Rents and Services as shall have been enfranchised and extinguished, and such Leaies and Tenancies at Rack Rent as shall become void by virtue of this Act, and subject nevertheless to such Mortgages, Sales, Charges, and Incumbrances as shall be made by the Authority and in pursuance of this Act): Provided, that the Tenures and Services of any Messuages,

Lands, or Tenements holtien by Copy of Court Roll, which shall be exchanged by virtue of this Act for other Messuages, Lands, or Tenements,

shall not be altered by such Exchange, unless as well such exchanged Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, as the Messuages, Lands, or Tenements for which the same shall be given or assigned in Exchange, shall be situate in the Parish of Ktmpfttn aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Leases, Agree- Vic.iting meats, and Tenancies at Rack Rents now subsisting of all and every or r"1£,at Rielt any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, or by virtue of this Act to be exonerated from Tythes, or which shall be exchanged or divided in Partition as aforesaid, and of all Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements in the Pa'ilh of Kcmpston aforesaid, and in any adjoining Parish held therewith, shall cease and be void at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, order and direct; the respective Lessors,

Owners, or Proprietors of such Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, making such reasonable Satisfaction to such Lessee or Lessees,

Tenant or Tenants, for the Loss which shall be sustained by the Determination of such Leases or Agreements respectively, and at such Times as shall be mutually settled and agreed upon between them, or as the said Commissioners, being the reunto required by either of the Parties, shall ascertain, order, aired, and appoint; and the said Commissioners, being so required, are empowered and directed to appoint a reasonable and proportional Part, according to the Season of the Year, of the Rent reserved on any such Lease or Agreement, for and in respect of the Time which shall have elapsed between the last Day on which any Payment of the said Rent shall have become due, and the Determination of the Lease or Agreement; and such Part of the Rent shall be recoverable by such Ways and Means as may, by the Laws of this Realm, be used for the Recovery of Rent in Arrear: Provided always, that if there shall beany Lease of Lands, Part of which shall lie in the said Parish and Part in any adjoining Parish, all and every such Lease or Leases upon Rack Rent now

subsisting

460

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

fubfirting may be vacated; but where any Land shall have been taken in Exchange, which Land shall be under Lease and wholly (ituafe in an adjoining Parirti, the Lease of such last mentioned Lands shall not be vacated.

wMe An'i

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where, on the

m.nuihaii said intended Division and Inclosure, any Allotment or Allotments shall

i>.ive hetn be made and fee our, which, or any Part of which, shall not have been

tonS'/saUft f°wn w'th any Sort of Corn or Grain, but dial I have been ploughed, faibon for the tilled, folded, or manured, or on which there shall, at the Time of setting lame. Out such Allotment, be any Tillage, Manure, or other Preparation

for a Crop, the Person or Persons to whom such Allotment Or Allotments shall be made and belong, shall pay to the Person or Persons who shall have ploughed, tilled, folded, or manured the fame, or his Executors or Administrators respectively, such Sum and Sums of Money, and ac such Times, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and think reasonable, and by any Order or Orders under their Hands (which Order or Orders "they are hereby empowered and required to make), shall direct; and in case any Sum of Money so ordered shall not be paid at the Time appointed by the said Cemtpilfioners for thac Purpose, the same shall be raised, levied, and recovered in such Manner as the Expences of passing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, are directed to be raised, levied, and recovered.

Commissioners may suspend or extingu.fli Common Rights.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fur the said Commissioners, at any Time when they in their Judgement shall think it convenient and necessary, by Notice for that Purpose under their Hands, to be affixed on any One of the outer Doors of the Parish Church ot Kempston aforesaid, on some Sunday before and during Divine Service, to extmguish or suspend all or any Part of the Right of Common in, upon, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and indofed, or any of them; and from and after such Notice given, all such Rights of Common as shall by such Notice or Notices be directed or declared to be extinguished or suspended, shall cease and be utterly extinguifned, or shall otherwise be suspended for such Time as the said Commissioners shall in and by such Notice direct.

Penalty on

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if during the Suspension

Persons turn- _ _ D '

ing Cattle or atcer the Extinguishment of any Right of Common, any of the said

exonerated Proprietors or Occupiers shall turn or permit his, her, or their Cattle to

from Com- go, departure, or feed on any of the Lands or Grounds exonerated from

SufenfiDn11* Common, then it shall and may be lawful to and for any other of the

a ,'of Kights laid Proprietors or Occupiers to distrain such Cattle being ppon such

Common. Lands or Grounds contrary to such Order, and to impound the fairr

until the Owner or Owners of such Cattle shall pay to the l’erson or Persons so dill raining the fame, any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings nor

less than Five Shillings for each of the Cattle dirtrained; and in case the fame shall not be paid before the next Meeting of the said Commissioners

after such impounding, then the said Commissioners are hereby authoriz'd

and empowered, upon Proof of such Offence having been committed,

by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Cattle so distrain-

ed, or such Part thereof as they shall think sufficient, to be sold for

raising and paying the Penalty aforesaid, together with the Corts and

8 Charges

461

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

Charges attending such Distress and Sale, and the Expence of keeping such Cattle, rendering the Oveiplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Cattle.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and thvvy are hereby required to cause Two reduced Plans of the said Parish to be drawn upon Vellum, on which the publick and private Roads, Paths, and Drains, with the Boundary Fences of the several Allotments mentioned and described in the said Award, and such other Matters and Things as the said Commissioners shall think proper to be described therein, shall be fairly and distinctly delineated, marked, and expressed; and the said Commissioners shall sign both the said Plans, One of which shall be annexed to the said Award, and the other shall be annexed to, or shall go and be kept with the Inrolment thereof; and also the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make and annex to the said Award a Schedule, describing and letting forth the Quantities of all and every the Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient Inclosures in Kempston aforesaid (except a cercain Farm belonging to Sir George Robinson Baronet, called Bone End Farm, and also except a certain other Farm belonging to Richard Edwards Esquire), and an alphabetical Index and Reference to the principal Matters in the said Award contained.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out, allot, and divide all the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, unto and amongst the several Proprietors thereof and Persons interested therein, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, under the Rcltridions aforesaid as to disputed Property, if any.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act for defraying the Expences of obtaining, passing, and carrying the fame into Execution, unto and amongst the Commissioners who shall act in the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in them, the Sum of Seven Shillings and Sixpence per Acre, and no more, for every Acre of Land within the said Parish of Kcmpston (except the said Farm belonging to Sir George Rebinfon, called Bone End Farm, and also except the said Farm belonging to the said Richard Edwards), the same to be in full Satisfaction and Compensation for the valuing, qualifying, appraising, dividing, setting out, allotting, surveying, admeasuring, and planning the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and all the Messuages, Cottages, Homesteads, Tythes, Orchards, Gardens, ancient Inclosures, and all other Lands and Grounds within the said Parish (except the said Bone End Farm, and alloexceptthe said Farm belonging to Richard Edwards);

for the preparing the said reduced Plans to be annexed to the Award, and the Inrolment thereof for all necessary Advertisements; for the making out and furnishing a proper Description and Particular of all such Allotments, Articles, Matter.', and Things as shall be necessary to be inferred in the Award by virtue of this Act, and aflilting Theed Pearfe of Bedford Gentleman, the Solicitor, in drawing the said Award; for all the Trouble and Expences which they the said Commissioners, or any of them, or the said Theed Pearfe, as Solicitor for the said Owners and Proprietors, and as Clerk to them the said Commissioners, shall be put unto [_Loc. & Per.] 6 A in

Reduced Plan to I. annexed to the Award;

and to make

a Schedule of old Inclosuiea

Allotments to be made on or before Sept. 291 1802.

Allowance to

Commission-

era.

462

?V»fts and Charge*.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

in the Execution of this Act after the passing thereof (except the Trouble and Expences of drawing, ingrolfing, executing, and inroMing the Award of the said Commissioners, and the Stamp Duty thereof); and that at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, the said Commissioners and others attending such Meetings shall pay their own Expences.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, of surveying, admealUrirtg, planning, dividing, allotting, and discharging from Tythes the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclol'ed, and the several Homesteads and ancient Inclo* sures in Kcmpjiott aforesaid, and of fencing 'and making the publick Roads to be let out, of preparing and inrolling the Paid Award, and all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, and of the several Persons to be employed by them, either before or after the Execution of the f.iid Award, or in, about, or concerning the Execution of this Act, shall be borne, paid, or defrayed, by all and every the Proprietors and Owners of, or Persons having Rights or Interests irt the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclol'ed, and the Homesteads and ancient Inclosures which shall be exonerated from Tythefc, Or enfranchised by virtue of this Act (other than and except the said Thomas Gurney, George Livius, Farter Grove Spurgeon Farrer, and James Afp'trtuOall, their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns respectively, in respect of the Allotments to be made in lieu of Glebe Land and Tythes; and the said Sir George Robs nfon and Richard Edwards, in respect of their lard several Farms; and also except the Persons from whole rel'pedive Allotments Deductions shall have been made for their respective Shares of the Expences of Inclosure), in such Proportions, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and shall bfe paid to such Person or Pcrfohs, and at such Time < r Times, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, as shall be settled, adjulled, determined, and appointed by the said CoinmtfTioners, by any Writing under their Hands; and in case any of the said Proprietors or Persons having such Rights or Interests, shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion, or respective Shares or Proportions of such Charges and Expences, within the Time to be limited by the said Commissioners for the Payment thereof, to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, then and in I'uch Cafe the said Commissioners may, anti they are hereby Authorized, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause the same to be levied by D ill ref S and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refuting or htglefting to pay, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Ovvhrr or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, iftfer deducting the Costs and Charges of taking and Itl ing such Distress; or Otherwise, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to enter into and upon ttie Lands and Tenements so to be allotted to 'or taken in Exchange, or upon Partition, by such Person or Persons so refuling or nrglefting to pay as aforesaid, or into and upon the Home4 (leads and other ancient Inclosures of any such Person Or Persons so rfefaf* ing or neglecting, which shall be exonerated from Tythes, or enfiatickifed by virtue of this Act, and to receive the Rents and Profits thereof respectively, until thereby or therewith, or otherwise, the Share or Proportion,

463

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

or respective Shares or Proportions of the aforesaid Costs, Charges, and Expences directed and appointed by the said Commissioners to be paid by such Person or Persons respectively, and also all Costs, Charges, and Expences occasioned by and attending such Entry upon and Perception of the Kents and Profits of the said Premises, shall respectively be folly paid and satisfied; or it shall be lawful for the said Comm fli mers, and they are hereby authorized and cmpowced, upon any Refusal or Neglect of Payment of their Proportion of the Costs, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, by any Person or Persons to whom any Allotment shall have betn made by virtue of this Act, to raise by Sale, or by Mortgage in Fee or for Years, of the Allotment or Allotments to him or them made, or of any Part or Parts thereof. Money sufficient to pay the Share and Proportion of the Person and Persons io refusing, of the Charges and Expences last: mentioned, and also all the Charges and Expen.es of and incident to such Sale or Mortgage.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Money which shall be ad- Money advanced for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act shall be repaid, with lawful Interest, to the Person or Persons Art io be readvancing and paying the fame, out of the Money which shall be first xnterciith raised to defray the Expences of passing and executing this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the fe- propr;etort veral Owners and Proprietors for the Time being of any of the Allot- under o>r-meets to be made, or of any of the Homesteads, Orchards, and ancient hu'd'to bors Inclol’ures to be exonerated from Tythes in pursuance of this Act, or of any row Money: Part thereof, and to and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of or for any of the said Owners or Proprietors who may be under Coverture, Minors, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity, and to and for all Persons acting as Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies for any of the fame Owners or Proprietors, and to and for any of the said Owners and Proprietors, bting Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or upon any other Contingency, or otherwise interested as aforesaid, and to and for every of them respectively (other than and except the said Vicar and his Successors, and such Persons troin whose Allotments Deductions shall have been made for the Payment of the Expences of Inclosure), by and with the Content of the said Commissioners, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time to charge such respective Allotments, Homesteads, and ancient Inclosures, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, with any Sum or Sums of Money, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, nut exceeding Five Pounds for every Acre of Land or Ground Io to be allotted, and for every Acre of such Homesteads, Orchards, and ancient Inclosures, which shall be exonerated from Tythes by a Compensation in Land out of the said Open and Common Fields, or other Commonable Lands and Grounds, to be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall nominate and appoinr, in order to be applied in defraying the several Shares and Proportions of such respective Proprietors of the Charges and Essences of obtaining and executing this Act, and of dividing and inclosing the respective Allotments, and to charge the several Homesteads and ancient Inclosures which shall be exonerated from Tythes iwhody or in Part by any Payment in Money, with any Sum or Sums not exceeding the

Amount

4^4 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 32-

Amount of the respective Payments which shall be made by the Direction of the said Commissioners as a Compensation for such Exoneration from Tythes, and in Discharge of the Proportion and Share of the Expences of passing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, which shall be ascertatncd and apportioned by the said Commissioners in respect of the Horncsteads and ancient Indofures so exonerated; and for securing the Repayment of such respective Sums, with Interest, to grant, mortgage, surrender, or demile loch Lands and Tenements respectively, to such Person or Persons as shall respectively advance and lend such Sum and Sums, and to his, her, and their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in Fee, or for any Term or Number of Years, so as every such Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, or Demise, be made with a Proviso or Condition to ceaie and be void, or with an express Trust to be reconveyed or surrendered when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, and the Charges occasioned by preparing and executing such Security, and of borrowing such Sum and Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame respectively, shall be paid and satisfied; and i'o as in every such Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, or Demise, which shall by virtue of this Act be made by any Tenant in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives or upon any other Contingency, there be contained a Proviso or Condition that no Person who shall afterwards become entitled in Remainder or Reversion to the Lands or Tenements therein comprized, shall be liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest, in respect of the Money so to be charged as aforesaid, than for One Year preceding the Time that the Title to such Possession shall have commenced.

Or charge the

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That the"?*,'1' ^ace any Grant, Mortgtge, Surrender, or Demise as

tion of Ex- aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said CominiUioners, by any Deed or pencei. Deeds, Writing or Writings, under their Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, at the Request of any of the said Owners and Proprietors, being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or on any other Contingency, or otherwise interested as aforesaid, who shall respectively pay and discharge his, her, or their Part and Proportion of the Payment, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, to authorize and empower such Owners and Proprietors, or either of them, making such Request, to charge and subject the said Lands and Grounds so to be exonerated from Tythes, or allotted to or for them respectively, with any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the respective Sums herein-before limited, with Interest for the same as aforesaid; which Sum or Sums of Money so to be charged as last aforesaid, shall be payable within One Year next after the Dcrease of every such Tenant in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or after the Determination of any such contingent Estate or Interest respectively, with Interest, to be computed from his, her, or their respective Decease, or from the Determination of such contingent Estate or Interest, unto such Person or Persons as such respective Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or upon such other Contingency respectively, by any Deed ot« Will duly executed and attested, shall direct or appoint, and in Defaulc of such Direction or Appointment, to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Extcutors or Administrators.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

XLVI. Provided always, That every Sale, Granr, Mortgage, Sur-tender, Demifc, Charge, or Appointment by Deed or Will, which shall be made by virtue and in pursuance of the Powers given by this Act, shall, be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, or in any Way to affect a certain incloiedFarm called Bone End Farm, situate in the Parirfi of Kempfton aforesaid, belonging to the said Sir George Robinson Baronet, which Farm is exoneiated from Great and Small Tythes by the yearly Payment of Ten Shillings.

XLVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to, or be construed to extend to, or shall in any Way affect a certain old inclosed Farm situate at Kempfton West End in the said Parish of Kempfton, in the County of Bedford, belonging to Richard Edwards Esquire.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Notices and Advertisements necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioners, and not herein-before otherwise directed, shall be so made and given by Advertisement in The Northampton Mercury, or Cambridge Chronicle, or in case neither of them shall then be published, then in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Bedford.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Matter or Thing whatsoever to be done in pursuance of this Act (other than and except in such Cases where the Orders, Determinations, kefolutions, or Proceedings of the said Commissioners are hereby directed to be final, binding, and conclusive; and also except in such Cases where an Issue at Law is herein-before directed), then and in such Calc he, (lie, or they may appeal to the Justices assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Bedford within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, every such Appellant giving Twenty Days previous Notice to the Parties appealed against, of the Intention of bringing such Appeal; and the Justices in their said Quarter Session are hereby empowered and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to cause to be levied the Costs which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties ordered and made liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any), to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; and every Order and Determination of the said Justices upon such Appeal, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be subject or liable to be removed by Certiorari, or any other iWrit or Process whatefover, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

\Lo(. fc? Per.} 6 B

465

S*les ami Mortgages made by virtue of this Act to be valid.

Sir George

Rob'njoh'j

Farm not to be affected.

Mr. Edouardi' Farm not to be affected.

Advert ife-ments in Newspaperi.

Appeal.

LI. Saving

466

General

Saving.

Publick Ail.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

LI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to ail and every other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (except the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them or in Remainder after them), all such Right, Title, and Interest as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, in case this Act had not been made.

LII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. i8oj.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 33.

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two several Acts, of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and of the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, charging a Duty of Two-pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

[30th Slpril 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for laying a Duty of Two-pennies Scots, or One Sixth 31 Geo 3-Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh; for JiniJhing a Bridge across the River Tweed; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; which Duty was to commence from ami after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, and to have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas by another Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the f Loc. if Per. j 6 C said

1

47°

Acts continued.

I.ike Allowance of Duty as made by the F.xcile.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

said recited Act was continued from the Expiration of the Term thereby gr'nted, for and duiing the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and irom thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the Duties levied under the Authority of the said Acts, have been applied, by the Trustees, for the Purposes thereby directed, particularly towards the Charges of building and finishing the Bridge over the Tweed, mentioned in the said Acts, and discharging the Debts incurred thereby; but the said Bridge was within these few Years totally carried away and destroyed by a Flood in the River, and another is now erecting near the Scite of the old one, and adjoining to the Town of Kelso, the Inhabitants of which mull be greatly benefited by the Ao-complishment of the Work: And whereas the other Purposes, for which the Duty was granted, are in a great Measure unaccomplished, and cannot be carried into Execution, unless the Term and Powers of the said recited Aifts be continued and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Imposition or Duty of Twopennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, made payable by the said Acts of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, tap>-ped, or fold, within the said Town and Parish of Kelso, shall, from and after the Expiration of the Term granted by the said Act passed in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, be further continued, collected, and payable, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and the said Duty shall be levied and paid by the fame Means and Methods, and by and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures, and shall be subject and liable to the fame Restrictions, Regulations, and Inspections, as are prescribed, mentioned, and expressed in the said Two several Acts of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and the Baillie of Kelso, and the Stentmalters of Kelso, all for the Time being, together with James Haldane of Broomlands, Esquire, shall be, and they hereby are nominated and appointed Trustees for levying the said Duty, or causing the same to be levied, and for managing the Proceeds thereof, with all the Powers vested in the Trustees appointed by the said former Acts; and the said Duty to be levied by virtue of the said former Acts and of this Act, shall be applied by the said Trustees towards the Expences of compleating the said Bridge over the Tweed, now erecting, and the Approaches thereto, or in Aid of the other Funds applicable for that Purpose; and for repairing the Streets of the said Town of Kelso; and for building and erecting a Wc.rkhouse for maintaining and employing the Poor of the said Town and Parish, and purchasing proper Materials for setting such Poor to work; and for making, building, erecting, repairing, or accomplishing any other publick Work or Purpose which shall be deemed useful, beneficial, and advantageous to the Community of the said Town of Kelso, according to the Dil'cretion vested in the said Trustees by this and the said former Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That in charging and levying the said Duty from the Brewers liable in Payment, the fame Deduction from the

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 33. 4-71

Quantity of Ale, Porter, and Beer brewed by them, and chargeable with the said Duty, shall be made which is granted and allowed to them by His Majesty's Commissioners of Excise in charging the Duty of Excise.

III. And be it further enacted, That, for the more regular, easy, and Beer not to be certain Receipt and Recovery of the said Duty, it shall not be lawful for she Town"10 any Brewer or Seller of Ale, Porter, and Beer, to import any Ale, Por- without No-ter, or Beer into the said Town and Parish of Kelso, without giving tlce‘ previous Notice to One or more of the said Trustees or their Collector, specifying the respective Quantities to be imported, and agreeing to be charged with the said Duty; and in case any Brewer or Seller of Ale,

Porter, or Beer, shall contravene or neglect to observe the foregoing Regulation, the Trustees hereby appointed, or any Five or more of them, shall summon the Offender or Offenders before them, and upon Conviction, the Party or Parties convicted shall forfeit and become liable in Payment of the said Duty, for all Ale, Porter, and Beer, brewed by hitn, her, or them, for and during the Twelve Months preceding; fitch Conviction, however, being always subject to the Appeal provided by the aforesaid Act of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, in case any Person shall think himself thereby aggrieved; and which Duty so forfeited and become payable shall be ascertained, levied, and paid by the same Rules, Means, and Methods, as are prescribed and [perilled in the said Two former Acts, for the Recovery of the said Duty; any Thing in the said Two former Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees appointed by this Trustees may Ad, or any Five or more of them, shall be and they are hereby em- bori-owMo-powered, from Time to Time, by any Writing under their Hands to af- "ey'

sign and make over the said Duty or any Part thereof, for any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money that shall be by them borrowed, not exceeding the Sum of Onethoufand five hundred Pounds Sterling, at an Interest not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the more speedily answering the Ends and Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to advance any Sum or Sums of Money upon such Security; and which Sum or Sums of Money so borrowed shall be applied in the First Place to pay off the Charges and Expences of obtaining this Act, and thereafter shall be applied and disposed of to and for such Purposes as the Duty hereby granted is directed to be applied and disposed of.

V. And be it further enacted, That along with Sir George Douglas of Overseers of Springwood Park, Baronet, Sir yames Pringle of Stitcbe/l, Baronet, Sir Du'y> a"d of Henry Hay Mackdougal of Macberjloun, Baronet, Hugh Scott of Harden, thereof!1'0" Admiral William Dick/on of Sydenham, Captain Robert Scott of Rofebank,

and Captain Robert Davidson of Pinnaclehill, the only surviving Trustees appointed by and nominated in Terms of the aforesaid Two recited Acts,

Sir John Buchanan Riddell of Riddell, Baronet, Sir Alexander Don of Newton, Baronet, Admiral John Elliot of Effenfide, Major John Rutherford of Edgerston, George Baillie of Jervifwoode, Andrew Douglas Esquire,

George IValdie of Henderfyde, Robert Walker of Wooden, Robert Ker of Sunlaws, David Binning Monro of Softlaw, Alexander Chatto of Main-

boufef

472

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

house, Charles Ker of Gatejhaw, Captain Archibald Dick/on younger, of Sydenham, Robert Pringle younger, of Stitchell, Alexander Don younger, of Newton, John IValdie younger, of Henderfyde, Adam Walker younger, of Wooden, Robert Davidson younger, of Pinnaclehill, and John Chatto younger, of Mainhouse, or any Three or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Overseers of the said Duty, and of the Receipts and Disbursements thereof, with the fame Powers, in every respect, and to all Intents and Purposes, as are provided and granted by the said Act of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, to the Overseers thereby appointed.

Expenses if

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Expence of procuring and ' e passing this Act shall be paid out of the Monies levied or borrowed by virtue of this or the said former Acts.

[Publick Act.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON': Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moll; Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 34.

An Act for inclosing and improving Mountjoy Square in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Dublin.

[30th April 1802.]

WHEREAS the Space of Ground lying within the Square called \/\/ Mountjoy Square in the Parish of Saint George, in the County t w of Dublin, is become a Nuisance to the Publick, and to the

Inhabitants of the Houses surrounding it, and muff continue to be such unless a proper Inclosure round the fame be made and supported: And whereas a considerable Number of the Inhabitants and Proprietors of the several Houses and Grounds surrounding the said Square, are desirous that the fame should be properly inclosed, and the Inside thereof improved and ornamented in Manner herein-after mentioned, at the Expence of the several Inhabitants of Houses and Proprietors of Grounds surrounding the fame; but the fame cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable John Beresford, the Right Honourable Richard Anne/ley, the Honourable and Reverend William Anne (ley Dean [Lor. id Per. J 6 D of

Commission*

erf.

474

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

of Down, the Honourable Hugh Howard, the Honourable Hans Bleak* wood. Sir Francis Hopkins Baronet, Arthur Moore Esquire, the Reverend yofeph Pratt, Hans Hamilton, Charles Proby Osborne, John Geale, Jeremiah D’O/ier, John Pollock, Janet Knox, John Dean, James Kearney, Robert O’Hara. John Eyies Madden, Archibald HawkeJJey, Alderman John Car-leton, H'.ytry Lyons, the Reverend William King, Robert Frazer, Joseph Goff, Edward Forbes, John O’Shee, Ulick Allen, John Sweeney, Walter Molony, Robert Law, and Malachy Donnellan, Esquires, shall be, and are constituted and appointed Commissioners for making, inclosing, completing, improving, and ornamenting the said Square, called Mountjoy Square in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Dublin, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution.

Appointment

II. And be it further enacted, That from Time to Time, upon the missioners?n Death or Resignation of any of the said Commissioners, or upon any of them, or their Successors, ceasing to be an Inhabitant or Proprietor of a House in the said Square, and chargeable with the Payment of the Rates herein-after mentioned, the surviving and resident Commissioners (Five of them at lead being present), shall, within One Month next after such Death, Resignation, or ceasing to be an Inhabitant or Proprietor as aforesaid respectively, on Notice thereof, elect and appoint some other fit Person, being at the same Time an Owner, Proprietor, or Inhabitant of an House or Ground in the said Square, to be a Commissioner in the Place and Stead of such Person so dying or resigning, or ceasing to be an Inhabitant or Proprietor as aforesaid j and as often as any Vacancy shall happen by the Death or Resignation of any Person so to be hereafter elected, or by such Person ceasing to be an Inhabitant or Proprietor as aforesaid, that some other such Person shall in like Manner be elected; and every Person so from Time to Time to be* successively elected, shall be a Commissioner for the Purposes aforesaid, and be as fully authorized to carry this Act into Execution, as if he were herein named: Provided nevertheless, that before each such Election Three Days Notice shall be given by tha Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners, for the Time being, for that Purpose, by Summons in Writing, to be left at the usual Place of Abode of the surviving or remaining Commissioners in the said Square.

Meeting of

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commission-Comitnflion- ers^ anj t^ejr successTorSj if need be, to have Four General Quarterly Meetings in every Year, in the City or County of Dublin, at such Place or Places, and at such Time or Times, as they shall think proper; to wit, on the First Monday in May, August, November, and February, and as many other General Meetings, at such Place or Places in the City or County of Dublin, as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint.

contract"5

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said kr^vVorkt3to Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, as soon as they conveniently be done. can, to Contraft for the making, inclosing, completing, improving, and ornamenting of the said Square called Mountjoy Square, in such Manner as they shall think most proper.

Races for the V. And be it enacted, That, in order to create a Fund for making ot and completing the said Inclosure and Improvements, and for the Support - ' thereof.

475

42° GEORGII III. C&p. 34"

thereof, all the Houses and Tenements on the North Side of the said Square, beginning at the House at the North West Angle thereof, now in the Occupation of John O’Shee Esquire, and ending with the Lot of Ground at the North East Angle thereof, now or late in the PoflefSon of Robert Deey Esquire, both inclusive; also all the Houses and Grounds on the East Side of the said Square, beginning with the House at the North East Angle thereof, now or late in the Possession of Edward Clarke Esquire, and ending with the House at the South East Angle thereof, now or late in his Possession, both inclusive; and all and every the Houses and Grounds on the South Side of the said Square, beginning at the House of John Glynn Esquire, at the South West Angle of the said Square, and ending with the Lot of Ground at the South East Angle thereof, now or late in the Occupation of Nicholas Kildball, both inclusive; and also all the Houses and Grounds on the West Side of the said Square, beginning at the House now in the Occupation of Charles Osborne Esquire, and ending with the House at the South West Angle thereof, now in the Possession of George Symmers Esquire, both inclusive, as let forth in a Schedule here; unto annexed, shall hereafter be each chargeable with and liable to, and the same are hereby charged with such yearly Rate or Rates as the said Commissioners, or their Successors, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, direct and appoint; so as such yearly Rates shall not exceed, for any One Year, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling for each Foot running Measure, and so in Proportion for any Number of Inches less than a Foot, which the Fronts of the said several Houses and Grounds contain, according to the Ad-measureinent of them respectively specified in the said Schedule (which Rates shall be paid to the said Commissioners, and their Successors, and shall be raised, collected, and levied by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, and their Successors, or any Five or more of them, dial I from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals for that Purpose appoint); which said Rates shall be payable and paid by Two equal Half-yearly Payments; that is to say, on the First Day of August, and on the First Day of February, the First Payment thereof to be made on the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two; and the said Money, when so raised and paid, shall be applied by the said Commissioners, and ^their Successors, in the First Place, for and towards the Payment of the yearly Interest of the Money to be raised or borrowed by virtue of this Act, and the Remainder thereof, or a sufficient Part thereof, from Time to Time, to defray such Expences as shall be incident to continuing and preserving the Improvements to be made in the said Square, and to the duly lighting the Railing thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or for such Person or Persons as by them, or any Five or more of them, shall be authorized and appointed in Manner aforesaid, to collect and levy the said Rates; and on Default of Payment of any Rate hereby charged upon any House or Piece of Ground, to enter unto and upon such House or Piece of Ground, and into any House to be built on any such Piece of Ground, and to levy the same and all Arrears thereof by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Inhabitant, Occupier, or Proprietor of such Houses or Grounds, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Inhabitant, Occupier, or Proprietor, after deduding the reout the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, for the Expence of levying the fame

or.

Commencement gf Rates.

Rate* how to

be recovered.

476

Rates to bs ascertained by the Number of Feet Rated in the Schedule.

Commissioners not to let forth their Right or Title to levy Rates by Dilirefs.

To prevent Annoyances,

Om mi fH oners may borrow Money.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

or, where there shall not be any House or Building erected or (landing on the Ground To in Arrear, the Rate chargeable on such Ground shall be paid by the Person entitled to the immediate Possession thereof, either as Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or as deriving Title under any Lease made thereof, and shall be recovered by Action of Debt or otherwise, as the Rent of the said Ground is recoverable.

VII. And, to prevent all Doubts concerning the Number of Feet contained in the Front of the Houses or Grounds around the said Square, be it enacted, That the Amount of the Rates hereby charged on the said Houses and Grounds, shall be ascertained according to the Number of Feet and Parts of Feet respectively dated opposite to each House and Piece of Ground in the Schedule hereunto annexed: Provided always, that where Two or more Houses may be created on any Space of Ground mentioned in the said Schedule on which no House now stands, the House or Houses which shall have been erected thereon, shall be each subject to such Part of the Rate charged by this Act on such whole Space of Ground, as shall be in Proportion to the Number of Feet contained in the Front of each such House, as if the fame were described in the said Schedule, and separately made chargeable therewith by this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Distress shall be taken for any Rate or Sum payable by virtue of this Act, shall be replevied, the said Commissioners, or their Bailiff or Bailiffs, may avow or make Cognizance generally, that such Distress was made for the Rate or Sum due for such House or Ground, by virtue of this Act, without setting forth at large the Right or Title of the said Commissioners to the fame; and if thereon Judgement shall be obtained against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in Replevin, such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall pay full Costs.

IX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully or maliciously destroy or injure any Iron Railing that shall surround the said Inclosure, or any Lamp, Globe, or Light erected thereon, or the Stone Base supporting the fame, or such Buildings as shall be hereafter erected in or upon any Part of the Area of the said Square, or destroy or injure any of the Trees or Shrubs which shall be planted in the Inside of the Square, every such Person shall, on due Conviction thereof in a summary Way, by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by Con-session of the Party accused, or other sufficient Proof upon Oath before any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Dublin, (not being Commissioners appointed to carry this Act into Execution), forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling, over and above all other Penalties which such Person by any other Law or Laws shall be subject to for such Offence, and on Default of Payment thereof, shall be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Three Months, without Bail or Mainprize; and every such Conviction shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed into His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench by Certiorari or otherwise.

X. And be it further enacted, That in order to raise a sufficient Sum for the expeditiously completing of the said Inclosure, and ornamenting and improving the Inside of the said Square, it shall and may be lawful for

477

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

for the said Commissioners to raise and borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three thousand five hundred Pounds, on the Credit of the said Rates; and for that Purpose the said Commissioners, and their Successors, or the Majority of fuel) of them as shall be present (such Majority confiding of not lei's than Seven), are hereby authorized and empowered, at any General Quarterly Meeting, by Writingundertheir Hands and Seals, by Way of Debenture or otherwise, to charge and incumber the said Rates with the said Sum of Three thousand five hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, bearing Interest at any Rate not exceeding Six Pounds by the Hundred by the Year; and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so raised, shall be applied in the First Place in paying the Expences of obtaining this Act, and afterwards for the Purpose of inclosing, improving, and ornamenting the said Square, as herein mentioned.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or Commissioners more of them, (frail from Time to Time choose a Treal'urer, who shall ait officer^." without Fee or Reward, and into whose Hands every Person who shall be authorized to collect and levy the said Rates, shall from Time to Time pay

all Monies which shall have been received by him; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to make such Allowance to such Collector as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound of all Monies for which he shall duly account and pay to such Treasurer; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, may from Time to Time choose a proper Person to be an Inspector of the Works to be carried on under their Direction, and to conduct the Execution thereof, for which an Allowance may be made, not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound on the Money expended on the Works which shall be put under his Management.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners appointed by this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, or their Successors, shall not be accountable to, or required to account for the Money and Rates to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act, before the Commissioners of Impressed Accounts.

XIII. And whereas no Stone Curb or Base is yet erected on the East Side of the said Square, and it is reasonable that the Inhabitants of Houses and the Proprietors of the Grounds on the said East Side of the said Square, should be chargeable with the whole Expence of building and erecting the fame; be it therefore enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, shall and may at any Quarterly Meeting order and direct a Stone Curb and Base to be built and erected on the said East Side of the said Square, conformable to the Stone Curb and Base that is already built on the other Sides thereof, and shall apportion the Expence thereof by a rateable Charge by the Foot upon the Fronts of the Houses and Grounds upon the said East Side of; the said Square, as the same are set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and so in Proportion for any Number of Inches less than a Foot; and the same shall be raised, levied, arid paid in such Manner, and with such Powers of enforcing Payment thereof, as are herein before directed and vested in the said Commissioners in respect to the other Rates herein before vested in them, for the Purposes of this Act.

ILoc. ft? Per.] 6 E

Commissioners not to be accountable to Commissioners of Accounts.

Curb on East Side of the Square to he erecied at the Exprnce of the Inhabitant* iheicof

47 8

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

The I nherit-ance and Rights of Persons not to be altered.

Sublick. Ait.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be commenced against: the said Commissioners, or any of them, or against any Person employed by them, or acting under their Authority, in the Premises, for or by Reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing done in pursuance of, or by Authority of this Act, that such Action shall not be maintainable, unless the same shall be commenced within Six Months next after such Cause of Action shall have accrued; and that it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions to plead the General issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed, adjudged, deemed, or taken to alter the Inheritance or Property of the said Square, or any Part thereof, or in any Manner to affect the Suits now depending between the Right Honourable Charles John Lord Viscount Mountjoy, and the Honourable and Reverend Joseph Bourke and Mary his Wife, Edward Lee and Elizabeth his Wife, and Frederick John Eaulkiner and Anne Frances his Wife, and others, respective Part of the Premises in Question, or their respective Rights therein.

XVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act to all Intents and Purposes.

The SCHEDULE

Of the several Houses and Grounds around Mountjoy Square, charged with the Rate by this Act granted; specifying by whom possessed or entitled thereto, as also the Number of Feet and Parts of Feet contained in the Front of such House or Piece of Ground; referred to by the foregoing Act.

MOUNTJOY SQUARE, North Side.

John O’Shee Esquire -

Archibald Hawkefley.

Henry Lyons -

Joseph Goff -

Honourable Hans Blackwood -

The Reverend William King.

Alderman John Carleton.

Robert Frazer -

John Evans -

Edward Forbes -

Reverend Dean Digby.

Feet. Inch.

3°

3°

3°

30

23

26

25

25

2 5 6

26 26

Johtt

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 34*

John Geale

John Sweeney

John Deane -

Representatives of Tyrrel

South Side.

Nicholas Kildhall -

Lord Ventry

William Bradshaw Robert O’Hara

Mrs. Digby Hans Hamilton Honourable Hugh Howard Earl of Roden -

John Eyles Madden Robert Law

Honourable Abraham Creighton Malachy Donellan

- Sutter

Ulick Allen Thomas Beeby John Fay

Walter Weldon Molony Henry Tifdall John Glynn

East Side.

Edward Clarke Sir Walter Synnott Lord Mountjoy Anne Preston Jeremiah D’Olier John Pollock Lord Viscount Mountjoy Archibald Manning

West Side.

Charles Osborne -

William Pemberton -

William Fry ..

Hon. and Rev. William Anndley, Dean of Down James Knox -

Christopher Nihill -

Sir Francis Hopkins Baronet Reverend Joseph Pratt.

Right Honourable Richard Annesley William Pemberton

William Pemberton.

Alexander Campbell

James Kearny -

5

Feet. Inch,

2.6

- 26 6

- 28

81 9

ft 26 3

- 25

*5

W *5

25

28 6

29

27

*7

*4 6

25

25

22

22

22 6

22

- 22 6

l8 9

*5

- 25

25

- 156 3

- 3°

- 3°

- 32 3

- 107 6

- 5°

- 25

- 25

- 3° 3

- 25

- 25

- 25

- 25

- 25

- 29 3

- 25

- 21 9

- 27 9

- *7

Alexander

480

42° GEORGII

III. Cap. 34.

Alexander Campbell Alexander Campbell Alexander Campbell Dominic Blake George Symmers

Feet. Inch. ' 2J 6

24 - 22

- 23

- *7

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan’ Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

I*

Cap. 35.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Somersetfoire Coal Canal Navigation, to vary and alter the Lines of the said Canal; to raise Money for completing the said Canal and Works; and to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal.

[30th April 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making 340:0.3, and maintaining a navigable Canal, with certain Railways and Stone Roads, from several Collieries in the County of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, the several Persons therein named, and their respective Succt-flors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, being Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the Navigation and Undertaking the reby authorized to be made and carried on, were united into a Company for the carrying on, making, completing, and maintaining the said Canal and Railways, or Stone Roads, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions in the same Act contained; and for that Purpose were [Lee. & Per.3 6 F created

48 2

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

created a Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation; and were empowered to raise and contribute amongst themselves a Sum of Money for completing the said Canal, and the Works and Conveniencies necessary thereto, not exceeding the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds; and that the fame should be divided into Eight hundred Shares, at a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds each j and no Person was to hold less than One nor more than Forty Shares in the said Undertaking; and if the said Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds should be found insufficient for the Purposes of the said Act, the said Company of Proprietors were authorized, in Manner therein mentioned, to raise and contribute amongst themselves the further Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, or to borrow or take up at Interest any Part of the said Forty thousand Pounds on Mortgage of the Tolls, Rates, and Duties granted by the said Act to the said Company of Proprietors; and the said Company by the said Act are also empowered to take a Tonnage on all Goods, Wares, and Merchants Geo. 3. dize navigated on the said Canal, as therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled, An Act to vary and alter the Line of a Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, with certain Railways and Stone Roads, from several Collieries in

the County of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennct and

Avon Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts? and to alter and amend the said Act, the said Company of Proprietors were empowered to vary the Line of the said Canal; and Power was given to the Committfe of Management to fink or merge the Shares of certain Proprietors, who had incurred or should incur a Forfeiture thereof, into the Rest of the Shares of the said Undertaking, and to expunge and strikeout the Names of such Proprietors, and the Numbers of their Shares; and in such Case the said Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as should be necessary, should be raised by, and the Profics of the Undertaking should be divided amongst, the Remainder of the Proprietors, in the Proportion which their respective Shares in the said Undertaking should bear to the Shares which should remain unforfeited; or the said Company of Proprietors were empowered to borrow Money on such forfeited Shares as therein mentioned: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors having, in the Prosecution of the said Works, long since expended the said Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds, first authorized to be raised by the said first recited Act, did, by virtue of the Power therein also contained, agree to raise and contribute amongst themselves the further Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, towards completing and finishing the said Works, making together the Sum of One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds; for the Whole of which, amounting to One hundred and fifty Pounds per Share, (except Three thousand seven hundred and sixty eight Pounds Nine Shillings, in respect of the forfeited Shares), the said Company of Proprietors, or the Committee of Management for the Time being have made Calls on the several Proprietors to the said Undertaking, agreeably to the Powers vested in them, in and by the said first recited Act, for that Purpose: And whereas the Sum of One hundred and four thousand one hundred and thirty-six Pounds, or thereabouts, only hath been yet paid by the said Proprietors unto the Treasurers of the said Undertaking; and the said Treasurers arc considerably in Advance on Account

4^3

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

count of the said Company, for which they have agreed to pay the said Treasurers Interest; and all the Monies so raised and paid into the Hands Of the Treasurers, and so due to them from the said Company as aforesaid, have been expended in the Prosecution of the Works of the said Undertaking, and carrying into EffeG the Purposes of the said Acts; and the said Company of Proprietors have also incurred sundry other Debts in the Prosecution of the said Undertaking, which are yet unsatisfied and owing by them: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have in pursuance of the said Acts, proceeded in making and completing certain Parts of the said Canal; and have finished the Dunkerton Line thereof by forming a Communication between the Upper and Lower Levels by a Whimley or Jenny Road, and had it in Contemplation to finish the Radjiock Line thereof from the present Termination in a certain Field in the Parish of Wellow, called Ranfcomb, in a similar Manner, and which by the said first recited AG they are empowered, in Cafe they should think proper, to do, and the fame was to be considered as Part of the said Canal , but such Communications are likely to be attended with great Loss, Delay, and Inconvenience to the Traders on the said Canal, and to the Publick at large; and it would be much more convenient and a considerable Saving to the Publick, if the said Lines of the said Canal were completed and finished by Water Communications to be formed between the Upper and Lower Levels thereof; but the said Company of Proprietors find, by the Examination of the Lands through which they are by the said recited AGs empowered to make and complete their Canal, they cannot make such Water Communications, without being empowered to vary and alter the Dunkerton Line of the said Canal in the Parishes of Coomlbay and Southjloke, in the said County of Somerset, and the Radjiock Line in the Parish of Willow, in the said County of Somerset, through the Lands and Grounds of the several Persons after mentioned: And whereas the finishing the said Radjiock Line of Canal from the Place before mentioned, and making of such Water Communications, with other necessary Works on both Lines of the said Canal, will be attended with a very considerable increased Expence and Cost to the said Company of Proprietors, at least to the Amount of Thirty-seven thousand Pounds and upwards (exclusive of a very considerable annual Expence in supplying the Upper Levels with Water); and they have already expended considerably more than the original Estimate for making and completing the said Canal and Works: And whereas it is reasonable and just, that in the Event of finishing the said Radjiock Line of Canal from the said Field called Ranfcomb, and of such Water Communications being made, an extra Tonnage, over and above the Tonnage authorized to be raised by the said first recited AG on all Goods that shall be passed from the Upper to the Lower, or from the Lower to the Upper Levels of the said Lines of Canal, shall be received by the said Company, and accounted for by them, in Manner herein-after mentioned j but inasmuch as such extra Tonnage is necessary for the Purpose only of enabling the said Company of Proprietors of the Somersetshire Coal Canal to raise Money for finishing the said Radjiock Line of Canal from the said Field called Ranfcomb to the Lower Level, and forming such Water Communications, and not in order afterwards to keep up and support the fame, it is also just and reasonable for the Interest of the Publick, that Provision be made for putting an End to such extra Tonnage, when the ObjcG thereof shall

4«4

Power to Y?.ry the Canal on the Dunkcrton Line.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

be effected, by the Means of a Sinking Fund, to be formed with such extra Tonnage, and with the Portions of Tonnage after mentioned, for the Purpose of discharging the Costs and Expences to be incurred in finishing, making, and maintaining such Works; ai d as certain Parts of the said Scmerfetshire Coal Canal will be made and formed out of the Forty five thousand Pounds herein-after authorized to be raised, the said Scmerfetshire Coal Canal Company have agreed, in Augmentation of such extra Tonnage, to contribute such a Proportion of the Tonnage to be received by them for Good* navigated on the said Canal as herein-after mentioned; and as the Companies of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon and JVilts and Berks Canal Navigations are interested in having the said Lines of Canal finished by Water Communications, and in putting an End to such extra Tonnage inrefptft to Locks as hrrein-,after mentioned, it is also thought reasonable and proper that such individual Proprietors of the last mentioned respective Companies as may think fit, shall be permitted to subscribe such Proportions of the Money necessary to be raisedfor the said Purposes as herein-aftermentioned; and that in the Event of their so doing, the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company shall be required, in Manner sfrer-mentioned, to raise such a Proportion thereof as is also afeer-mentioned; and Deputations shall be appointed to conduit such Works, and to receive from the said Companies’ Treasurer, in Manner hertin-af-ter mentioned, the Subscriptions for erecting the fame, and the Tonnage to arise therefrom, and to apply-such Tonnage, with the Proportion agreed to be contributed by the Scitierfetshire Coal Canal Company of their other Tonnage as aforesaid, for the several Purposes herein-after mentioned, with a View ultimately to put an End to such extra Tonnage by Means of the Sinking Fund herein-after directed to be formed: And whereas there is a further Sum of Money wanting and necessary, more than the Proprietors are able to borrow or raise under the said Aits, to liquidate and dilcli3rge the Debts of the said Company, and to finish and complete the said Canal and Works on the Upper Level of the Radjlock Line thereof to the said Field called Ranfcomb: And whereas, in order to facilitate the finishing and completing the said Canal and Works on the Radjlock Line thereof, from the Place before mentioned to the Lower Level, and forming such Water Communications on both Lines of the said Canal, and railing Money to enable the said Company so to do, in the Manner most beneficial to themselves and the Publick, and to enable the said Company to collect and receive the additional Rates or Tonnage, and form such Sinking Fund for the Purpose aforesaid, it is necessary the said Company should have further Powers granted to them; and the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts having in many Respects been found insufficient, it is requisite that the fame should be extended, altered, and amended: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the said Company of Proprietors of the SomerJ'et/hire Coal Canal Navigation, and their Successors, shall and may have Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, to vary and alter the said Canal on the Dunkcrton Line thereof, from or near to a certain Bridge over the said

485

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Canal, in a certain Clol'e of Land in the Parish of Coombbay in the County of Somerset, called Blackland's Furlong, belonging to John Smi h Esquire, into and through fevetal Closes of Land in the Paid Parish of Coombbay and Southjloke, in the said County of Somerset, belonging or repured to belong to the said John Smith, the said Company of Proprietor?, Edward Barnard, and John Webb Slade, Joseph Slade, Sarah Slade, and Mary Slade, and the publick Highway and Road leading from Midford to Coombbay; and on the Radflock Line of the said Canal, in and from a certain Clofc of Land, in the Parish of (bellow, in the County of Somerset, belonging to William Gore Langton Esquire, called Ranfcomb, into and through several Closes of Land in the said Parish of Wellow, belonging or reputed to belong to the said William Gore Langton, Mary Wooldridge,

Mary WLippie, and the said Company of Proprietors, and the publick Highway leading from Wellow to Twinnoe, in the said County of Somerset, in such and the same Manner as such respective Variations and Alterations are described in the Plan herein-afeer referred to.

II. And whereas Levels and Surveys have been taken to ascertain the Book of Re-Pradlic.ibility of making the said Variations or Alterations, and a Map or j^"e"wj'h Plan, and a Book of Reference thereto, have bien made, in consequence thecierkof of such Levels and Surveys, through, across, or over the several Estates, ,lieJ?eace-Lands, or Grounds, now or lately belonging, or reputed to belong, to the several and respective Persons particularly mentioned in the said Book of Reference, and the fame have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Somerset; be it therefore enacted.

That the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Somerset, to the End that all Persons may, at all fealonable Times, have Liberty to inspect and peruse, and to take Copies or Extraifls of the fame, at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and after the Rate of Three-pence for every One hundred Words of such Copies or Extraifls of the Lid Book of Reference; and that the said Company of Prc prierors, in making the said Variations or Alterations hereby authorized to be made, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Lines or Courses thereof, described in the said Map or Plan; nor shall any such Deviation be made into, or carried through the Lands of any Person not named in the Lid Book of Reference, without the Consent in Writing of such Person: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful to and for the said de‘

Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized to deviate from Yards, the said Lines or Courses of the said Canal through the Lands of any Person whose Name is mentioned in the Book of Reference deposited as aforesaid, to any Distance not exceeding One hundred Yards from the Line or Course thereof, as described in the said Plan so deposited with the Cderk of the Peace for the said County of Somerset: Provided always, that no Ad- ’ vantage shall be taken of or against the said Company of Proprietors, or any Interruption be given to the making of the Lid Variations or Alterations, or any of them, on Account of any Error or Omission in the said Book of Reference as to the Name or Names of the Owners or reputed Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds, in case it shall appear to any Three or more of the Commissioners appointed by the Lid full \Loc. Per.J 6 G recited

486

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

recited Act, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

Company not

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this take°cerraint0 Act shall extend to authorize and empower the said Company of Proprie-Houses, etc. tors, or any other Person or Persons, to take, use, injure, or damage any 'ein°Ut C°" ^ou*e or other Building, or any Grounds, which, upon the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and two, were the Scitc of any House or other Building, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, or planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or a Lawn or Pleasure Ground inclosed or adjoining to a Dwelling House, without the Consent of the respective Owners and Occupiers thereof, other than and except such as are particularly mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed $ all which laid Houses, Cottages, and other Buildings hereby excepted, or any or either of them, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to take or pull down, and to fell or otherwise disposc of the Materials thereof, as they shall think proper; and it shall also be lawful for them to take and make Use of the Scites of such Houses, Cottages, and other Buildings, and the said Yards, Orchards, and Gardens, in the said Schedule mentioned and exprefit-d, for the Purpose of the said Navigation and Undertaking, the said Company of Proprietors making Satisfaction to the several Owners and Occupiers of, and Persons interested in, such Houses, Cottages, or other Buildings, and such Yards, Gardens, and Orchards respectively, for the fame, and for the Damages they shall respectively sustain thereby, in Manner as herein mentioned.

Company to

IV. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the passing of this Works' etc Act, the said Company of Proprietors of the Somersetjb re Coal Canal Navigation, are hereby authorized and empowered to make, crest, build, execute, do, and perform, all such Works, Macters, and Things, as shall be requifue and convenient for making, completing, repairing, preserving, maintaining, and using the Variattons hereby authorized to be made, and the Navigation thereof; and for making and setting up Bridges, Inclined Planes, Locks, Reservoirs, Feeders, aqueducts, Wharfs, Quays, Landing Places, Weigh Beams, Cranes, Engines, Machines, and other Matters and Things requisite or convenient for the said Navigation and Works, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Puf poles, as the said Company of Proprietors are authorized and empowered to do, execute, and perform, under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, with respect to the Canal and Works thereby authorized to be made; and the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Servants, Workmen, and Labourers, and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate and Sole,

Tenants for Life or in Tail, or lor any other particular Estate or Interest,

H ilbands seised or entitled in Right of their Wives, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees in Trust for Charities, and all other Persons, Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, shall have and be seised and polfetfed of, and is and are hereby inverted with, such and the like Estates, Authorities, Powers, Abilities, Interests, Privileges, and Advantages, and shall be, and is and are hereby made subject and liable to such and the like Rules, Conditioi s, Directions, Regulations,

4 »7

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Limitations, Restrictions, Contr-ouls, Payments, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, and Benefic of Appeal, in relation to the making, executing, completing, using, and governing the said Variations and Works by this Act authorized to be made, completed, maintained, and used, as are mentioned, given, granted, prescribed, established, and inflicted in and by the said recited Acts, to every Intent and Purpose whatsoever; and that Powers of the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Authorities,

Orders, Rules, Regulations, Tolls, Duties, Limitations, Restrictions, this. Prohibitions, Directions, Exemptions, Indemnities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Matters, and Things therein contained (faveand except such as are hereby altered, so far only as the same are hereby altered, and no further), for making, completing, repairing, pteferving, maintaining, and using the said Canal and other Works thereby authorized to be made (so far as the Nature and Circumstances of the Cafe will admit), shall extend, and are hereby extended to, and shall take Effect, operate, and be put in Execution, and shall beufed and exercised by the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be applied and enforced in, by, and for and in rc-spect of making, completing, repairing, preserving, maintaining, and using the said Variations, and the several Works, Matters, and Things by this Act authorized to be made, done, and pet formed; and for supplying the fame whilst making, and when made, with Water; and for the Punishment of Offenders in relation thereto; and Tor the felling and conveying of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and ascertaining the Value thereof; and for the determining and assessing of Damages, and all other Matters and Things which relate to, or happen or arise by or in consequence of the making, completing, repairing, preserving, maintaining, and using the said Variations and Works hereby authorized to be made, done, and executed; and that the Persons who ate appointed Commissioners for putting the said first recited Act in Execution shall be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in the same Manner, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Clauses,

Provisoes, Powers, Authorities, Orders, Regulations, Limitations, I\e-strictions, Prohibitions, Directions, Exemptions, Indemnities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Act, were herein repeated and re-enacted (save and except as aforesaid); and as if the Variations and other Works by this Act authorized to be made, completed, maintained, and used, had been Part of the Canal and other Works by the said recited Acts authorized to be made, completed, maintained, and used.

V. And whereas, by the said first recited Act, the Shares in the said Proprietors Undertaking are divided into Eight hundred, and declared to be Shares bletopay of One hundred Pounds each; and the present Proprietors have advanced more thin and paid, or are liable to pay. One Eight hundredth Part or Share of the siure/^ Money called from Time to Time, under and by virtue of the said recirtd Acts, for and in respect of each and every Share they hold in the said Undertaking, amounting to One hundred and fifty Pounds per Share, and are also liable to pay their respective Proportions of the Deficiency on forfeited Shares; and by the said first recited Act it is declared and provided, that Interest shall be paid to the said Proprietors whilst the said Canal is making, and until the fame is completed and ftnished; but by reason of the said Company having expended nearly the Whole of the Money authorized to be raised under and by virtue of the said recited Act, they will not be able to continue the Payment of such Interest, without being

488

Afcerrnmin? ih Value of Shares.

Clause leqtiir-

ing Proprietors to raise Montv on forfeited Scares, iepea!ed.

(V»m *nit tre tin ov'. ie.l to t' for retted S.a.ci.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

being enabled to raise Money for that Purposej bt it therefore enacted, That the Lid present Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking shall not be compelled or compellable to advance or pay any further or other Sum or Sums of Money, for or on Account of their p'efertt Shares in the said Undenaking, beyond or exceeding One hundred and fifey Pounds^er Share i and that all Interest Money due and to become due to the said present Proprietors, under and by virtue of the said fitft recited Act, or any Resolution heretofore made by the said Proprietors in reiptft thertof, shall be defrayed and paid from Time to Time by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of the said Acts, and of the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds herein-after mentioned, and authorized to be raised by this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Value of each and every Share in the said Canal and Undertaking, shall be estimated and ascertained at the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds; any Thing in the said former Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas, in and by the said recited Acts, or One of them, it is enacted, that the Money to he called for, in respect of any forfeited Share or Shares, and the Produce arising from any forfeited Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall be raised by, and equally divided amengft the Rrft of the said Company of Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Shares and Interests in the said Canal and Undertaking; and it would be more beneficial to the Interest of the said Company of Proprietors if such forfeited Shares were to be sold, and the Monies to be raift-d by the Sale thereof were to be applied to the finishing and completing the said Canal and other Works, and in liquidating the Debts of the said Company of Proprietors; be it therefore enacted, That lo much of the said recited Act as required the Money on such Shares to be tailed by, and the Produce arising from such forfeited Share or Shares as aforesaid to be equally divided amongst the Rest of the said Company of P oprietors, in Proportion to their respective Shares and Interests in the said Undertaking, shall be, and the lame is hereby repealed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management for the Time being of the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, to sell and dispose of all and every such forfeited Share or Shares, and order and direct the Name or Names of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively to be entered in the Register Book or books of the said Company, as the Proprietor or Proprietors of such forfeited Share or Shares so to be sold as atbre-said, in Lieu and in the Room of the Proprietor or Proprietors so having forfeited or forfeiting; and after such Entry so made, the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares respectively shall be entitled to such Share or Shares in as full and large a Manner as if he, she, or they had origin.diy fubfiribed for the fame, provided and so as such Share or Shares be r,.-t fuld for lets than One hundred Pounds each; and the Money to be raised by the Sale of all and every Share and Shares in the said Undertaking already forfeited or hereafter to become forfeited, and the Dividends 1,pun or other Produce of the fame, until they shall be so fold, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby directed to be applied to the finishing and completing the said Canal on the Upper Level of the Rad/iock Line thereof to the said Field called Ranfcmb, and other Works necessary or

489

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

relating thereto, and in liquidating the Debts of the said Company of Proprietors.

IX. And whereas in and by the said first recited Act it is enacted, that if any Swivel Bridge or Drawbridge should be laid over or across the said Canal, or any Trenches or Passages to be made by virtue of the said Act, all and every Person or Persons opening any such Swivel Bridge or Drawbridge, should shut and fatten the fame fofoon as any Vessel should have passed any such Bridge: And whereas the said Provision has been found inconvenient, be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act: as requires such Swivel Bridges or Drawbridges as aforesaid to be shut and fattened so soon as any Vessel has patted the fame (except so far as respects Bridges on publick Roads), shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed

Provided nevertheless, that the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby required, to affix a Chain to each such Swivel Bridge and Drawbridge, so as to extend across the Bottom of the said Canal to the oppofue Bank, and be affixed to such opposite Bank, so as to enable Persons to shut such Swivel Bridges and Drawbridges when necessary.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said firtt recited Act clautl^frc[5,e'!, M as enacts or relates to the Distribution of the Profit and Advantages to arise JJj* of SharTs* from the Rates, Tolls, and Duties to be raised and received under and by to h<Hi Hen virtue of the said Act, amongst the Proprietors of One or more Shire or p^o', J/°" Shares in the said Undertaking, and in Proportion to their Shares therein, pealed.

not exceeding Forty Shares to any One Person shall, lo tar as the lame relates to or respects such Division-to Proprietors of Shares, not exceeding Forty Shares to any One Person, be, and the fame is hereby repealed j and such Distribution shall from Time to Time be made to and amongst all and every Proprietor or Proprietors of Shares and Half Snares in the said Undertaking, according and in Proportion to the Number of Shares or Half Shares such Proprietor or Proprietors shall have or be entitled to in the said Undertaking; but no Proprietor, although possessed of mo'-e than Fifty Shares, shall have or be entitled to give more than Fifty Votes at any General or Special Attembly of the said Company of Pioprie-tors, in respect of the Number of Shares he, she, or they may be entitled to in the said Undertaking.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Company said Company of Proprietors of the Somtrfetshire Coal Canal, and they are r"*T,oooo hereby authorized and empowered, to raile, in Manner herein-after men- forcerta.n tioned, any Sum not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, over and above Purl>o(es> the said Sum of One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds in the said first

recited Act authorized to be raised, although the fame last mentioned Sum may not have been wholly raised, any Thing in the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall be raised by virtue of this Act, shall be applied First in paying and discharging the Debts owing by the said Company of Proprietors, and afterwards in completing the said Canal Navigation and Works, and in executing the several Purposes of the said recked Acts and this Act, except the finishing the Cana), Locks, and Works hereby authorized to be made, by and out of the Money herein-after author,zed to be raised.

['Loc.&Per.] 6 H

Clauserefpefl* ing Smv. 1 Bridges re. pealed.

49°

If the Money raised be more thansufficient, Surplus to be divided araongst Proprietors.

The Company empowered to raile the Money on Notes trani-ferrable.

Holders of Notes to f are the Option of receiving back their Money, or becoming Proprietors.

Providing for Fractions of a Share or Half Share.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Sum prot-posed and agreed to be borrowed or raised by the said Company, at any Special or General Meeting of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, towards the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, shall be more than suffi ient to complete the said Canal and Works authorized to be made by the said Two recited Acts, the Whole of the Money so proposed and agreed to be borrowed or raised as aforesaid shall nevertheless be called for and paid; and the Overplus Money raised thereby shall be confidcoed as Part of the general Stock of the said Company of Proprietors, and be divided with the Rates and Duties of the said Canal amongst the Proprietors thereof.

XIII. And whereas several of the Proprietors in the said tJndeitaking are willing to advance further Sums of Money towards raising the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, to be paid by Instalments, and to take Promissory Notes under the Common Seal of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, transferrable by Indorsement, on having an Option of becoming Proprietors for further Shares in the said Undertaking, as after mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the fame Company, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to raise so much of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, as shall be agreed to be advanced by such Proprietors as aforesaid, to be paid by Instalments, on Promissory Notes, under the Common Seal of the fame Company, transferable by Indorsement; and that such Notes shall be made payable at the End of Six Years from the passing of this Act, with Interest for the fame in the mean Time, to be paid Half-yearly, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum p/r Annum; but the respective Holders of such Notes shall have and be entitled to the Option, instead of receiving back such Principal Monies, to be admitted to become Proprietors of a new Share in the said Somersetshire Coal Canal at or for such Price or Sum of Money as shall be expressed in each of such Notes, so that the fame be not less than One hundred Pounds, and of Half a Share in the said Canal at or for such Price or Sum of Money as shall be expressed in each of such lait mentioned Notes, so that the fame be not less than Fifty Pounds of the Principal Money advanced on such Notes, at or at any Time before the Expiration of the said Term of Six Years, such Holders respectively giving Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing to the Principal Clerk of the said Company of such their Option to become Proprietors as aforesaid, at and from the then next General Half-yearly or other Settlement of the Books of the fame Company.

XIV. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby further declared, That no Person or Persons to whom such Notes as aforesaid shall be given, or who shall be entitled thereto, and to the Principal and Interest thereby secured as aforesaid, at the Expiration of any such Notice to be given as aforesaid, shall, by Reason or on Account of such Notes, be entitled to have or hold any Fraction or Jess than Half a Share in the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation, unless for the Purpose of making any other Fraction or less than Half a Share therein, which such Person or Persons shall be poffdTed of in the fame Canal Navigation previous to the Expiration of such Notice, into a Half Share therein; but that in all Cafes where the Money due on such Notes shall amount to a Fraction of Half a Share as aforesaid, and shall not make any Fraction or Fractions of a Share

491

42° GEORGII III. Ctip. 35*

or Shares or Half a Share then belonging to the Holder or respective Holders of such Notes respectively into a whole Share or Shares or Half Share, then and in every such Case the Person or Persons to whom such Notes shall be given, or who shall be entitled thereto, and to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, shall, at his, her, or their own Election, either advance and pay to the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company such further Sum of Money as, with such Fraction or Fractions of the Value of a Share or Half Share, as he, she, or they may then be poss-felled of, will together amount to a whole Share or Half a Share as aforesaid; or such Person or Persons as last aforesaid shall be repaid such Fraction by the said Company.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Proprietor of a present Share in the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Undertaking shall be entitled to subscribe to the said Loan, in Proportion to his, her, or their present Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, on his, her, or their signifying his, her, or their Intention or Wilh so to do, in Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to the Principal Clerk of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, within One Calendar Month after Notice of the passing this Act: shall be tranl'mitted to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their usual or lait known Place of Abode, and his, her, or their signing a proper Engagement or Agreement so to do; and in case any of the pre-Jcnt Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking shall, for the Space of One Calendar Mon h next after Notice of such intended Loan shall be transmitted to or left for him, her, or them, as aforesaid, omit or neglect so to signify to the said Clerk, in Writing, his, her, or their Intention or Wilh to uhferibe to the said Loan, or shall not subscribe to the said Loan to the Fx ent of or in Proportion to his, her, or their present Snare or Share- herrin, then the remaining or other Proprietors of Shares in the said Unde taking shall have the Liberty and Power of subscribing to such Part or Pans of the said Loan as shall not be (o taken, in Proportion to their respective Shares in the said Undertaking, before such remaining Part or Parts of such Loan shall be offered to, or be at Liberty to be taken by, any Person or Persons who is or are not a Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Undertaking.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the General and Special AflTem-blies, or the Committee to be elected for the Time being under and by virtue of the said first recited Act, shall have Power from Time to Time to make such Call and Calls for Money from the Person or Persons who shall agree to advance such Sum or Sums of Money to be specified in such Engagement or Agreement, as they shall from Time to Time find necessary, so that no such Call do exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Sum of One hundred Pounds, and Five Pounds for every Sum of Fifty Pounds, and so as no such Calls be made but at the Distance of Two C.dendar Months at the lead from each other; which Monies so to be called for shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as the said General or Special Assemblies or Committee shall from Time to Time appoint and direct, for the Use of the said Undertaking.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said SomerJetfjire Coal Canal Company, and they are hereby authorized and

empowered,

Present Proprietors to have Preference of Loan on signifyin* thei Intention in a limited Time.

Committee to make C’alle.

Power to raise

Money on Notes, to be repaid in Six

492 42° GEORGII III. Cap..35.

Years, or empowered, to raise so much of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pound! ""osharei.at as fl*all not be advanced by the said Proprietors in the Manner aforesaid, the Option of as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, on Promissory Notes of Lendeis. Qnc hundred Pounds, or Fifty Pounds each, and not for a Fraction of either of the said Sums, under the Common Seal of the said Company, transferrable by Indorsement; and that such Notes shall be made payable at the End of Six Years from the passing of this Act, with Interest for the fame in the mean Time, to be paid Half-yearly, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; but the respective Holders of such Notes shall have and be entitled to the Option, instead of receiving back such Principal Monies, to be admitted to become Proprietors of a Share in the said Semerfetshire Coal Canal, at or for such Price or Sum of Money as shall be expressed in each of such Notes, so that the fame be not less than One hundred Pounds, or Half a Share in the said Canal, at or for such Price or Sum of Money as shall be expressed in each of such last mentioned Notes, and so that the fame be not less than Fifty Pounds of the Principal Money advanced on such Notes, at or at any Time before the Expiration of the said Term of Six Years; such Holders respectively giving Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing to the said Principal Clerk of such their Option to become Proprietors as aforesaid, in respect of their said Principal Monies, at and from the then next General Half-yearly or other Settlement of the Books of the fame Company; and all Persons to whom any such Notes as aforesaid shall be given, or who shall from Time to Time be entitled thereto, and to the Principal Money and Interefi thereby secured, as Indorsees or otherwise, before or at the Expiration of the said Term of Six Years, on such Notice and Election being given and made as aforesaid to become Proprietors of Shares or Half Shares in respect thereof, shall be admitted Proprietors in the said Undertaking accordingly for a whole Share or Half a Share, as the Case mav be, and shall be and they are hereby do-clared to be Owners and Proprietors of such and so many Shares or Half Shares in the said Undertaking as he, she, or they shall or may, by virtue of such Note or Notes and Election to be made as aforesaid, become entitled to, and shall be and they are hereby united to and incorporated with the said Company; and the several Powers, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Provisions contained in the said recited Acts (subject never-

Persons advancing Mo* ney o» N»>tes and making Elec (ion *o become Proprietors to be admitted accordingly.

Incorporated with the old Proprietors,

tueiameRuies. shall extend to the Nature of the Property, Sale, and Disposal of tran-ferring, ticketing, and registering the said Shares and Half Shares, and in all other Respects relating thereto, in like Manner as if the said Shares and Half Shares had been originally subscribed for, and as if the Money to be subscribed by virtue of this Act was Part of the Money authorized to be raised by the said first recited Act, and as-if the said several Powers, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, and other Provisions contained in the said several recited Acts or either of them, and not hereby abrogated or altered, were repeated and re-enacted iri this Act; and all and every the Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assign', who shall severally become entitled and admitted to any such new Shares or Half Shares, shall (land and be interested in all the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue to the said Company by virtue of the said recited Acts and this present Act (except as to such Tonnage as is herein-after directed to be appropriated to other Purposes), in such Proportions as such

Shares

493

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Shares and Half Shares shall bear to the whole Amount of Shares and Half Shares in the f.iid Undertaking; so that each Proprietor of One or more of such new whole Share or Shares shall be entitled to receive such and the fame Dividend and Profit for the lame as he, she, or they would be entitled to receive for an equal Number of old Shares in the said Undertaking; and the Proprietors of One or more such Half Shaie or Half Shares shall be entitled to receive Half the Amount of such Dividends and Profits as the Proprietors of the like Number of whole Shares would be entitled to rective therein.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Rates, Tolls, and Duties Toiu,ar<-.to authorized to be taken, and which shall arise by virtue of the said Acts f/r the Money and of this Act (except such Part thereof as is herein-after directed to be advanced, appropriated to other Purposes), shall be a Security for all and every Sum and Sums of Money for which such Promissory Note, as aforesaid respectively (shall be given, and the Interest thereon, to the Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time be entitled to the lame; (but subject nevertheless and without Prejudice to the Payment of such yearly Rents, or other Sum or Sums of Money, as have been or shall be agreed upon, determined, or afilfled and awarded for Damages or Satisfaction under and by virtue of the said recited Acts); the Form of which Notes and the proper Entry and Registry thereof, and of any Notice or Notices, and of all other Matters and Things relating thereto, in the Company’s Books, shall be from Time to Time regulated and adjusted by the said Company of Proprietors, or the Committee of Management fur the Time being, as they shall think fit.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Company of Powerofraif-Proprietors shall think it more adviseable to raise the said Sum of Twenty h"SMor gag'/ thousand Pounds, trany Part thereof, by Mortgage of the Rates, Tolls, or Annuities, and Duties granted by the said fir (I recited Act or this Act (except as lad excepted), or by granting Annuities either without or with Benefit of Sur-vivorthip, instead of railing the fame by the other Ways and Means authorized by this Act, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Company, pursuant to an Order or Orders made from Time to Time, at

a General or Special Assembly, to raise so much of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds as last aforesaid, or any Part thereof, either by Mortgage as aforesaid, or by the granting of any Annuity or Annuities to or for the Use of or in Trull for any Person or Persons whomsoever, he, she, or they paying ihe Money to be advanced on Mortgage, or the Consideration Money (or the Purchase of such Annuity or Annuities, to the Trea-luter co the said Company; the said Annuities respectively to be granted, and paid and payable for any Term or Number of Years, or for the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons whomsoever, and either with or without Benefit of Survivorlhipthe Terms of granting which Annuities, and all Conditions aid Regulations relating thereto, shall be settled and approved of at a General or Special Assembly of the said Company from Time to Time; Notice of which Assembly shall be advertised in some Ntwfpaper or Newspapers circulating in the County of Somerset, Fourteen Days at the lead before the Meeting thereof; and every such Notice shall exprel's that the Assembly therein mentioned is to be held for the Purpose of feeling the Terms for raising Money for the Use of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation, by granting Annuities; and the said Company are \_Loc. & Per' 6/ hereby

494

Form of

Grant of Annuity.

Such Grant shall be entered with the Clerk,

42° GEORGII III. Cap.%$.

hereby authorized and empowered to afilgn and m ke over the Rates to arise by virtue of the said first A£V, and of this At! (except as aforesaid), or any Part thereof, as a Security or Securities fot such Mortgage Money, or for such respective Annuities, to or in Trust for the Person or Persons who shall advance such Mortgage Money, or purchase or contract: for such Annuity or Annuities.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every such Mortgage shall be made and registered in the Form and Manner prescribed, and the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured shall be payable, recoverable, and transferrable in such and the same Manner, and with such and the fame Powers, Regulations, Rights, and Privileges, as in the said fbft recited Act are prescribed and contained with respect to the Mortgages theicby authorized to be made, or as near thereto as Circumstances and the Provisions herein contained will admit; and that the Grant of every such Annuity as aforesaid shall be by Deed under the Common Seal of the said Company, and shall or may be (I'o far as the Case may be applicable), according to the Form following; (that is to say),

E, the Company of Proprietors of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation, in Consideration of the Sum of paid by

4 of to our Treasurer, (testified by his signing these Presents) do hereby, by virtue of an

AdJ passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [Here insert the Title of this At!\ granc unto the said

One Annuity or yearly Sum of

to be issuing out of all and singular the

Rates arising by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-‘ fourth Year of the fame Reign, intituled \Here insert the Title of the Firfi Att] except so far as such Rates are otherwise disposed of by the said Act of the Forty-second Year of the said Reign, to hold unto the said

his Executors, Administrators, and

‘ Assigns, for the Term of Years [er, as the Cafefhali he]

4 to hold unto the said

and his Assigns, during his natural Life [sr, to hold unto the said

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for

and during

4 J And such Annuity or yearly Sum shall be payable and

‘ paid at upon the

Day of and Day of

4 by equal Portions; and the First Payment thereof shall be made upon ‘ the Day of Given under our Common

4 Seal, this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

4 (L. S.) 4 A.B. Treasurer.’

And every such Grant of Annuities shall be valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes; and all the Grantees of such Annuities shall be equally entitled to their Proportion of the said respective Annuities, without any Preference by reason of the Priority of Date of any such Grant, or on any other Account whatsoever j and an Entry or Memorial of every such Grant, containing the Date thereof, and an Account of the Name or Names of the Party or Parties, with their proper Addition-, to whom the same shall have been made, and of the Consideration of such

Grant,

495

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Grant, and of the Annuity granted, and the Duration thereof, shall, within Thirty Days next af»er the Date thereof, be written and inserted in a Book to be kept for that Pu'pose by the Clerk to the said Company; and all and every Person or Persons to whom any such Grant shall have been made, or who shall be entitled to the Annuity thereby secured, may ftom Time to Time assign 01 t ansfer his, her, or their Right and Title therein to any *nr^gtranf" Person or Persons, according to the Form following; (that is to lay),

‘I A.B. of in Consider.ition of the Sum of Form of

to me paid by C.D. of do here- Transfer.

by assign and transfer unto the said C.D. a certain Grant made by the ‘ Company of Proprietors of the Somerfttjhirt Coal Canal Navigation,

bearing Date the Day of One thousand eight hundred and of an Annuity of

‘ payable [Here mention the Duration of the Annuity'] and all my Right,

‘ Title, ard Interest in and to the said Annuity, to hold the fame unto the said C. D., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. In Witness

‘ whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and

‘ A. B.'

And every such Transfer, ora Duplicate thereof, shall, within Thirty To be entered

Days after the Date thereof, be produced to the Clerk of the said Com- with the

pany, who shall thereupon cause an Entry or Memorial to be made there- cle'k'

of, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and the Annuity thereby

transferred, in the said Book, for which Entry such Clerk shall be paid the

Sum of Five Shillings, and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Assignment shall entitle such AITignee or Assignees, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit of the

original Grant; and it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons,

who shall have made any such Transfer, at any Time afterwards to make

void, release, or discharge the said Annuity, or any Part thereof.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money so Foreompeli-agreed to be advanced by Ir.ftalments, and to be borrowed on Notes on Mortgage as aforesaid, and the Annuities to be granted as aforesaid, shall be Arrears of paid Half-yearly as aforesaid, to the several Persons entitled thereto (but subject and without Prejudice as aforesaid), in Preference to any Interest or Dividends Dividendsdue and payable by virtue of the before mentioned Acts to the refto" Individuals of the said Company; and in case the fame Inttreft and An- ° alxs‘ nulties, or any Part thereof, shall be in Arrear by the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the same shall became due and payable, and after Demand made thereof, then it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners appointed by the said first recited Act, and they are hereby required, on Request to them made by any such Creditor or Creditors whose Interest Receiver ap-or Annuity shall be so in Arrear, by an Order under their Hands, to appointed, point One or more Person or Persons to receive the Whole or any Part or Parts of the Rates or Duties authorized to be raised or levied by the said first Act and this Act (except as aforesaid), with a Salary or Allowance for the Trouble of collecting, such Receiver or Receivers giving Security faithfully to account; and the Money so to be received shall be applied, in the first place, in Payment of what shall from Time to Time be due for or in respect of such yearly Rents or other Sum or Sums of Money as have been or shall be 2greed upon, determined, or afieffed and awarded for Damages

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35,

mages or Satisfaction under and by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act (except such Damages as may be occasioped by making the Works hereby authorized to be madr, by and out of the Monies herein-after authorized to be raised^; and after such Payments then in Paymenc of the Salary or Allowance of such Receiver or Receivers respectively; and afterwards in Payment, pari fa^u, of what shall from Time to Time be due for Intered on Mortgages, and on the said Promissory Notes, and for Arrears of the said Annuities under and by virtue of this Act; and the Money so to be received by such Receiver or Receivers shall (subject to the Payments so as aforesaid hereby directed to be made in the tiril place thereout), be and be considered as so much Money received for the Use of the Creditor or Creditors on Mortgages and Promissory Notts, and Annuitants, to whom such Intereli or Arrears shall be then due, to the Extent of such Inereft and Arrears -, and af ter such Interred and Arrears, and the Cods of collecting the said Rates and Duties, shall be satisfied, the Power and Authority of such Rtceiver and Receivers for the Purposes aforesaid shall cease and determine; or otherwise the said Intered and Arrears remaining due and unpaid as aforesaid, shall and may befued for and recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, againli such Receiver or Receivers who shall have Money in his or their Hands applicable to the Payment thereof, or against the said Company, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Creditor or Creditors on any such Promissory Ni te or No’es shall eletd to receive back the Principal Money due and owing thereupon at the End of the said Term of Six Years, or any Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall give Notice for the Payment of his, hex, or their Mortgage iYloney in the Manner directed by the said fird recited Act, and the said Company shall make Default in Payment thereof respectively, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby also required, on Requed made to them by any such Creditor or Creditors, by Note or Mortgage, by a like Order under their Hands, to appoint One or more Person or Persons to receive the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Rates or Duties, (except as aforesaid), with a Salary or Allowance as aforesaid, such Receiver or Receivers in like Manner giving Security to account; and the Money so to be received shall in like Manner, in the End Place, be applied in Paymenc of what shall be due for Rents, Damages, and Satisfaction, (except as aforesaid), and then in Payment of the Salary of such Receiver or Receivers, and afterwards in Payment, fan pujju, of all the Principal Monies and Intered due to such Creditor or Creditors on any Mortgages or Promissory Notes as shall require Payment there f; and the Monies so to be received by such lad mentioned Receiver or Receivers, shall (subject to the Payments so as aforesaid hereby directed to be made in the Fird Place thereout), be and be confi-dtred as so much Money received for the Use of the Creditor or Creditors on Mortgages or Piomiflbry Notes respectively, requiring Paymenc of the Principal and Intered due thereon, to the Extent of such Principal and Intered , and after such Principal and Intered, and the Cods of collecting the said Rates and Duties, shall be satisfied, the Power and Authority of such Receiver or Receivers shall in like Manner cease and determine; or otherwise the said Principal Money and Intered shall and may be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, against such last

mentioned

497

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

mentioned Receiver or Receivers, who shall have Money in his or their Hands applicable to the Payment thereof, or against the said Company, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record ac Westminster.

XXIII. And, for the Purpose of raising Money to finish the said Rad- Companyem-flock Line of Canal from the said Field called Rauf comb to the Lower Level, j?5reer4*t,02o/. and to tfLrft and maintain a Water Communication by Means of Locks or otherwil'e between the Upper and Lower Levels on both Lines of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal, and to erect Steam Engines and other necessary Works, and also to purchase Dunkerton Mill; be it further enacted.

That over and above the said Sum of One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds by the said first recited Act, and the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds by this Act authorized to be raised as aforesaid, and although the fame Sums or either of them may not have been wholly raised, the further Sum of Forty-five thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as the Deputies herein-after directed to be appointed, in case of any such Appointment, or otherwise as the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company may deem necessary, may be raised under the Authority of the same Company for such last mentioned Purposes in the Manner herein-after directed j that is to say, it shall and may be lawful, during the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, for such of the rel'peftive Proprietors of the said Kennet and Avon and Wilts and Berks Canals, as shall so think fit in their individual Capacities, to subscribe Two equal Third Parrs j (videlicet). One Third Part by Proprietors of the said Kennet and Avon Canal, and One Third Part by Proprietors of the said Wilts and Berks Canal, of the said Sum of Forty-five thousand Pounds, or such Parc thereof as may be deemed necessary to be raised as aforesaid; and for that Purpose the Proprietors of the said Kennet and Avon Canal, or any of them, shall be at Liberty to meet in Person, or by Proxy in Writing, on the Twenty-first Day next after the passing of this Act, at Sydney Garden!. near Bath, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon; and the Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal shall be at Liberty to meet on the same Day at the Crown Inn at Swindon, in the County of Wilts, at the fame Hour; and at each of such Meetings the said Proprietors so meeting shall choose from among themselves a Chairman, by Ballot, who shall have the carting Vote, in case of an Equality of Votes; and the fame respective Proprietors at such Meetings shall be at Liberty to adjourn to such respective Times and Places, and to meet again as often as they shall severally think fit, for forming, apportioning, and (haring their respective Subscriptions in such Manner as they shall judge proper; and all Questions at such Meetings shall be decided by the Majority in Number of the Shares which the fame Proprietors shall possess in their respective Companies, until the said Subscriution shall be filled in One or other of the Ways herein-mentioned, and afterwards by the Majority of Shares in such respective Sub-feriptions; and in case either of the said Two Classes of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon, and Wilts and Berks Canals, shall not between themselves, or some of them, within the said Period of Six Calendar Months, subscribe One full Third Part of the Money to be raised for the last mentioned Purposes then none of such Proprietors shall be permitted to become Members of the fame Subscription, unless with the special Consent of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, to be expressed within Twenty-eight Days then next following, by an Advertisement in the Bath,

Readme, and Salfbitry Newspapers; and all or any of the individual Pro-[Lw. ft? Per.~\ 6 K prietors

49«

Chairman of

subscribing

Proprietors to notify when their Sub-feriptions are completed.

If Proprietor* of the Kinnet and Avon, and Wilts and Berks Canals, subscribe their Proportions of the said 45,000l. the Somerjetjbirg Coal Canal Company to raise One Third.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

prietors of the other of the fame Companies shall, in Default thereof, be at Liberty to subscribe for such lafb mentioned Purpose, (instead of their said One Third Part), either One Half or Two Thirds, at the Opcion of the said Somersetshire Cual Canal Company, (to be expressed within Twenty-e’ght Days next after the said Six Calendar Months, by Adver-tifemcnr in the Bath, Salijbtiry, and Reading Newspapers), of the Money which shall be so deemed necessary to be raised as aforesaid, in the same Manner, and with the fame Powers as the fame Proprietors are herein-before authorized to subscribe their original One Third Part thereof, and they shall have Twenty-eight Days after such Option shall be so declared, to deliberate thereon.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as each or either of the said Gaffes of Proprietors shall have completed their Share or Shares of such Subscription, the Chairman or respective Chairmen of the last Meeting or Meetings of such respective Proprietors for that Purpose, shall and he or they is or are hereby direffed to notify such Completion thereof, by Notice in Writing, to the Clerk to the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, within Seven Days next after the holding of such last Meeting or Meetings.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if all or any of the respective Proprietors of the said Kennel and Avon, and of the said Wilts and Berks Canals, shall subscribe in Manner aforesaid Two Thirds, or if all or any of the Proprietors of either of the fame Canals shall subscribe in Manner aforesaid Two Thirds or One Half (at the Option of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company) of the Monies to be raised for the last-mentionrd Purposes, the fame several Subscribers shall, and they are hereby required, within Twenty-one Days then next following, to pay into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, to the Credit of 1 he Lock Fund herein-after directed to be formed. Ten Pounds per Centum on their Two Thirds or One Moiety, as the Case may be, of the said Sum of Forty-five thousand Pounds hereby authorized to be raised; and when and as soon as such Payments shall be so made, the said Somer/etshire Coal Canal Company shall become, and they are hereby declared to be Subscribers for and required to raise the remaining One Third or One Moiety, as the Case may be, of the fame Money; which said One Third or Moiety they are hereby authorized to raise upon the Security of their Share and Interest in the Lock Fund herein-after direffed to be formed, or of any other of the Funds or Revenues of the fame Company, either by Means of optional Notes or by Mortgage, or granting Annuities, or by any other of the Ways, and with and under such and the fame Powers, Privileges, and Regulations, both as to the fame Company and the Persons advancing any such last mentioned Monies as the fame Company are herein-before authorized to raise, any Sum not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds as aforesaid; and the said Company shall anti they are hereby required, within Two Calendar Months next afttr the said individual Subscribers shall have so paid Ten Pounds per Centum upon their respective Subscriptions as aforesaid, to pay to the said Treasurtrs, to the Credit of the said Lock Fund, Ten Pounds per Centum on the remaining Third Part or One Moiety, as the Case may be, of the Whole of the said Sum of Forty-five thousand Pounds.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 499

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Proprietor of both or Dej>un«tobe either of the said Companies of the Kernel and Avon, and Wilts and Berks *10 Canal Navigations, shall enter into Subscriptions, to the Amount of Two Thirds or a Moiety, as the Case may be, of the Monies to be raised for the last mentioned Putposes in Manner before mentioned, then Deputies shall be chosen for managing and applying such Subscriptions, and for making and superintending the Locks and other Works to be executed therewith, and for receiving from the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, and disposing of as well the extra Tonnage ro arise therefrom, as also (:f such other Rates or Duties as herein-afeer mentioned, and for managing the Sinking Fund herein-after directed to be formed, in Manner following; (videlicet), if any individual Proprietors of both the said other Companies shall become Subscribers to the aforesaid Amount of One Third Part each, then the Committee of Management of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company shall nominate and choose from among themleives Three such Deputies - but if only One of the said other Two Companies shall furnish such individual Subscribers for One Third or a Moiety, as the Case may be, then the said lad mentioned Committee of Management shall nominate and choose from among themselves Four such Deputies, (and in either Cafe the Chairman of the fame Committee shall be nominated and chosen as One of such Deputies) -, and if any Proprietors of both the said other Companies shall become such Subscribers as aforesaid, then each Class of such Subscribers shall choose from among themselves, in Manner herein-after mentioned. Three other such Deputies; but if only One of the fame Companies shall furnish such individual Subscribers, then such last mentioned Subscribers shall choose from among themselves, in Manner herein-after mentioned. Four of such Deputies; it being the Intent of this Act that such Deputies shall be Nine in Number, if Individuals of both the said Kennet and Avon, and Wilts and Berks Canal Companies, shall subscribe to raising the said Monies, and Eight in Number in case only One of the fame Companies shall subscribe to railing such Monies in Manner aforesaid; and the fame Deputies (except the before mentioned Chairman) shall be severally cholen by Ballot in the respective Bodies from which they are ro be severally elected as aforesaid, within Six Weeks next after the last mentioned Subscriptions shall be completed, by both or either of such Classes of Subscribers -, and for the Purpose of choosing the Deputies on Behalf of the subscribing Proprietors of both or either of the said Kennet and Avon, and Wilts and Berks Canals, the Clerk of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Company shall, and he is hereby required, within Ten Diys next after he shall have received such Notification as aforesaid of the Subscriptions of such Proprietors having been completed, (they having duly paid the aforesaid Instalments of Ten Pounds per Centum thereon), to appoint, by Advertisement in some Newspaper or Newspapers circulating in each of the said Counties of Somerset, Wilts, and Berks, a General Assembly of such Subscribers or each Class of them, as the Case may be, to be holden at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon on some Day, not sooner than Fourteen nor later than Twenty-one Days next after such Inl'ertion, at the Place or respective Places following; the Class of Subscribers, if any, from the Kennet and Avon Canal Company, to meet at Sydney Gardens aforesaid; and the Class of Subscribers, if any, from the Wilts and Berks Company, to meet at the Crown Inn in Swindon, in the said County of Wilts, or at such other Places as may be agreed upon at the Assembly of

I

5oo

Qualification of Deputies

Deputies to remain in Office for a Year, or till relefted-

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

the fald individual Proprietors first herein-before permitted to meet for the Purpose of subscribing; and at such Meeting, or each of them. One of the Persons composing the same shall be appointed Chairman, and all Questions shall be decided by a Majority in Value of such Subscriptions; and the Nine or Eight Deputies so to be severally chosen as aforesaid, shall be called The Deputies for managing the Loik Concerns of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Company; and they are hereby inverted with full Power and Authority, by themselves or their Engineers, Surveyors, or other Persons as herein-after mentioned, to manage and direct the making and erecting of all such Locks or other Water Communications, and all Works necessary thereto, in as full and ample a Manner as the said So-mersetshire Coal Canal Company are herein-before empowered to make and ered the fame; and for that Purpose the said Deputies are hereby authorized, in the Name of the fame Company, to purchase all such Lands, Materials, and other Things as shall be necessary, and to enter into all proper Contracts, and likewise to draw upon the Treasurer of the fame Company for, and apply to the respective Purposes herein-after directed, the Monies to be subscribed as aforesaid, and all such Tolls and Duties as herein-after mentioned, and also to form and apply the Sinking Fund herein-after provided for; and all Acts, Matters, and Things to be done and performed by the said Deputies, pursuant to this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, and have the fame Force as if done or performed by the fame Company of Proprietors.

XXVII. Provided always, That no Person shall be eligible as a Deputy of either Clals of such individual Subscribers as aforesaid, who is not at the Time of his Election a Proprietor of Ten Shares or more in the Company by the subscribing Proprietors of which he shall be appointed, as long as there shall be any such Proprietor among the fame Subscribers; but if there shall not be any such Proprietors amongst the said Subscribers, then no Person shall be eligible as such Deputy as last mentioned, who is not a Subscriber for Three hundred Pounds or more, in the Money to be raised for the last mentioned Purposes.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Deputies shall continue in Office until the Expiration of One Year from the Time of their Election, and until other Deputies shall be appointed in their Stead , and at the Expiration of each Year, or (ooner, in case of the Decease, Resignation, or Incapacity of any One or more of such Deputies, new or other Deputies shall be severally elected in their Stead, pursuant to the Directions and in the respective Manner aforesaid; and the subscribing Proprietors from both or either of the said Kennel and Avon and Wilts and Berks Canals shall hold such and the like Meetings or Meeting for the Choice of new Deputies on their respective Parts, as they are herein-before directed to do for the Choice of Deputies in the First Instance; and such last mentioned Meeting or Meetings shall be holden at the same Place, or at such other Place or Places as may be agreed upon at the prt-ceeding Meeting or Meetings of such. respective Subscribers, and on the same Day and Hour, unless such Day shall be on a Sunday, and then on the next Day in each Year as their First Meeting for such Purpose shall have been holden on; and also at the same Place, in calc of such Dr-cease, Resignation, or Incapacity, and within Twenty-one Days next after Notice shall be given by Advercisement in some publick Newspapers

circulating

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 501

circulating in the said Counties of Somerset, Wilts, and Berks, by Ordei of the other Deputies or their Clerk of the Death, Resignation, or Inca pacity of any Deputy elected by the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, or by either Class of i'uch subscribing Proprietors, and so dying, resigning, or becoming incapable as aforesaid: Provided always, that Deputies to be chosen in the Event of Death, Resignation, or Incapacity,

shall continue in Office for the Residue of the existing Year only, or until other Deputies shall be appointed; and that nothing shall prevent any Deputies who shall have been severally elected as before mentioned, from being rc-elected.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the said Deputies shall be holden for the Transaction of Bbfiness on the Twenty-first Day next after their Election, at the White Hart Inn in the City of Bath, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon , and a General Quarterly Meeting of such Deputies shall be holden in the Months of March, June,

September, and December in every Year, during the Continuance of their Powers, at such Places, and on and at such Days and Hours, as the said Deputies shall at their preceding General Meeting appoint and adjourn to.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Chairman of the Com- chairman of mittee of Management of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, who j£e Somrrfet-is herein-before directed to be returned as One of such Deputies as afore- nd Cmpm Did, shall always be the Chairman of the Meetings of the said Deputies, tobeChair-with Power for him, in case of unavoidable Absence, to appoint by Writ- J^e,f De' ing any other of the said Deputies to supply his Place for the Occasion

and that Three or more such Deputies, but not less, shall be a sufficient Three DePn-Number to constitute a Meeting for the Purpose of doing all the Acts },t* " and Things, and exercising all the Powers and Authorities, and giving the ing. Consents hereby directed to be done and given respectively by, arid veiled in all the said Deputies , and that all Questions, Matters, and Things which shall be proposed, difeuffed, and considered at every such General Meeting as aforesaid, shall be decided by the Majority in Number of the Persons then present; but if there shall be an equal Division of Votes, then the Chairman, or his Substitute, fir all have the carting Vote , and if Three such Deputies, including the Chairman or his Deputy, shall not attend the Deputy or Deputies, it any, who shall attend, or tire Clerk to the said Deputies shall adjourn the Meeting to some Day within One Calendar Month, giving the like Notice thereof, and so as often as the Case shall happen.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Deputies shall, at Deputies to their First General Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, elett a Clerk to at- appoint tend their Meetings and transact their Business, and all'o One or more En- Clc,k'"c gmeers. Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, to manage and superin-

tend on their Behalf the Erection and Completion of the said Locks and other Works to be eroded for the said Smerfeishire Coal Canal Company, with or out of such Subscriptions as aforesaid; and shall and may remove and displace every such Clerk, Engineer, Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, and appoint any other or others in their or any of their Stead, and also in the S'ead of any of them who shall die or may resign, as the said Deputies shall from Time to Time think fit; and that the Treasurer [Let. & Per.] 6 L for

Depjtiet cleft d in the miiltt of a Year to continue the Remainder of the Year only.

Meeting* of Deputies.

503

Shares to be regtllerctl arwl number-edr

Tickets with the Numbers to be illuecl under ;he Seal of Somer-fetjb'ire Coal Canal Company.

Subscription to be rranfferraole.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

for the Time being of the Bomerfetshire Coal Canal Company shall be the Treasurer for the said Lock Concern, for all Purposes whatsoever; but the said Deputies may require Security from such Treasurer if they think-fit; and also that the Clerk to the said Deputies shall from Time tq Time enter and keep in a Brok or Books to be provided for that Purpose, a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the said several Subscrioers, and of the several Persons who shall or may from Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors of, or be entitled to any Snare or Shares in the said Subscription, and of all the Acts, Transactions, and Proceedings of the said Deputies in the Execution of this Act; and that every Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Subscription shall and may, at all convenient Times, have Recourse to and perule and insped such Book or Books, gratis, and shall and may demand and have Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, paying after the Rate of One Shilling for every One hundred Words so to be copied , and that if any such Clerk shall refuse to permit any of the said Proprietors to inspector peruse any such Book, or refule in any reasonable Time to make any such Copy at the Rate aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds to the Proprietor or Proprietors to whom he shall nuke such Refui'al.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in the Event of any such Subscription as aforesaid by individual Subscribers of both or either of the said Kennet and Avon and Wilts and Berks Canals, the respective Deputies of each or the foie Class (as it may be) of the fame Subscribers, shall, as toon as may be, cause the Names and Additions of the fame Class of Subscribers to the last mentioned Undertaking, and ihe Number of Shares into which their Subscription towards raising the said Sum of Forty-live thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as the said Deputies may deem necessary, shall have been divided as aforesaid, with numerical Distindions of each Share, to be fairly and dillindly entered in a Book, to be kept by the Clerk to the Deputies, and shall require as many Tickets or Instruments to be prepared by the Clerk to the Company of the said Somer-fetshire Coal Canal as there shall be Shares, bearing respectively the fame Numbers as in such Book, and shall cause the Common Seal of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company (which the fame Deputies are hereby empowered to require for such special Purpose), to be affixed to every such Ticket or instrument, and shall thereupon deliver to every such Sub-feriber of the fame Class, upon Demand, a Ticket or instrument, specifying his or her Share or Shares in the last mentioned Undertaking, such Subscriber paying for the same to the Clerk of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company Two Shillings and Six pence, and no more; and such Ticket and instrument shall be admitted in all Courts as Evidence of such Subscribers Tide to the Share or Shares therein specified; but the Want of any such Ticket or instrument shall not prevent the Owner of any such Share from disposing thereof, or from receiving the annual Dividends and principal Instalments herein-after chreded to bepaid upon or in refued of the lame.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all such of the Proprietors cf both or either of the said Companies of the said Kennet and Avon and Wills and Berks Canals, as shall become Subscribers for the last mentioned Purposes, and shall have paid Twenty Pounds per Centum on their re*

3 , spective

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 503

spective Shares of such Subscriptions, shall and may from Time to Time assign or transfer such their several Shares unto any Person or Persons, with the like Liberty of Transfer from Time to Time, after the Form or to the Effect following:

I A.B. do hereby transfer a Share in the Lock Fund of the Scm&- Form of

Jetshire Coal Canal Company, N°. and all tny Right and Pro- Tran8fei*

‘ perty therein, unto C.D. of his Executors, Adniint-

‘ strators, and Assigns, under and subject to the same Rules, Forms, and ‘ Conditions that 1 held the fame; and I the said C. D.

do hereby accept such Transfer accordingly. Dated this

‘ Day of One thousand eight hundred and

And that every such Transfer shall be produced to the Clerk of the Deputies herein-after directed to be appointed, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to the fame Purport and Effect as is herein-before directed with respect to the original Subscription to be made or entered in the Book to be kept for entering such Subscriptions of the fame C a s; and that after such Entry shall be made, but not before, such Transfer shall entitle such Assignee or A(Tigrtees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit of the original Subscription, and so from Time to Time, as often as any such Transfer shall be made; and the like Entry shall also be made, and with the like Effect, in every Cafe of the Transmission of any Share or Shares by any Bequest or Will, or any Letters of Administration, or by the Rights of Marriage.

XXXIV. Provided always, That after any Call of Money shall be made by the said Deputies, or the said Committee of the said Somerset/hire not to be tout Coal Canal Company, under the Power herein-after in that Behalf given till Call paid, them, no Person or Persons shall fell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they may then have in such Subscription, unless and until the Monies so called for upon his or their said Share or Snares intended to be so fold shall be paid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Residue of the Monies fault°r to be subscribed and advanced for the lad mentioned Purposes, beyond semerfttpirt the said Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum herein-before directed to be ad- Coal Canal vanced after such Subscription as aforesaid, shall be called for and paid niakePc'allt° at such Times and in such Proportions, not exceeding Fifteen Pounds per Centum, as the said Deputies shall think fit; and that for the Purpose of making such Calls, and for every other Purpose of Division and Account, the Money so to be subscribed and advanced shall be called and considered as the Sum of Forty-five thousand Pounds, although the Whole of such Sum may not be raised; but in case the said Deputies shall nor. rnak<- a Call lor the Space of Twenty-one Days after being thereto requelled, in Writing to be left with their Clerk, by the Committee of Management of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, or their Clerk, then the fame Committee (the said Company having previously paid the said Ten Pounds per Centum, and all Arrears of the Calls made in respect of their Share of the said Fpl'ty-five thousand Pounds'), shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to make a Call, not exceeding Fifteen Pounds per Centum of the fame Money, and so

from

504 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

from Time to Time as often as the same shall happen; but no Cal! Hiafl be made in the latter Cale while there is a Balance of two Thousand Pounds or more in the Hands of the said Treasurer, to the Credit of the said Lock Fund, and no Calls to be made either by such Deputies or the said Committee within less than Two Calendar Months of each other, and the Monies to be so called for as aforesaid shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Company, to the Account of the said Lock Fund thereof.

Eight of Action for recovering Calls.

Subscriptions forfeited in Default of Payment.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Scmerftshire Coal Canal Company, and every Proprietor of both or either of the said Kennel and Avon and Wilts and Berks Canals, who shall subscribe to the last mentioned Undertaking, his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall from Time to Time pay their, his, and her respective Shares and Proportions of the Money so to be called for as herein before is mentioned, at such Time and Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose in Manner herein-before mentioned, of which One Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given in some Newspapers circulating in the said Counties of So-m erf el, Wilts, and Berks-, and that if any of the said individual Subscribers shall neglect or refuse to pay his or her proportionable Part or Share of the Money so to be called for as aforesaid at the Time and Place which shall be appointed for that Purpose in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Deputies, or in case they shall refofe or neglect so to do for the Space of Twenty-cme Days after being the reunto required in Writing by the said Committee of Management, then it shall be lawful for such Committee, in case they shall so think fit, to fuefor and recover the fame in the Name of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wijtminster, by Adtien ol Debt or on the Cale, with full Costs of Suit; and in case any such I’crfon shall neglect or refuse to pay his or her proportionable Part or Share of the Money so to be called for as aforesaid for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the Time appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, and the lame shall not have been sued for as aforesaid, or if lued for shall not have been recovered by them, then and in such Case the Person so neglecting or nfufing shall absolutely forfeit all his or her Share, Part, and Interest in the said Undertaking, and ail Profit and Advantage thereof, and all Money theretofore advanced by him or her in respect thereof, unto the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, and the other individual Subscribers, in Proportion and according to their respective Shares of and Interest in the fame Undertaking, if the said Deputies shall at any of their Meetings make an Order for that Purpose, but not otherwise; and that if the said Scmcrsetshire Coal Canal Company shall neglect or refuse to raise and pay the said Ten Pounds per Centum herein-before mentioned, or their proportionable Part or Share of the Money so to be called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place, or Times and Places whi h shall be appointed for that Purpose, in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful tar the said Deput.es, or any Three or more of th.em, to sue for and recover the fame, in their own Names, or in the Name of any Three or more of them, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, with full Costs of Suit, for the Uses and Purpose. of the said Lock Fund; and in cale the said SomerJetflAre Coal Canal Company shall neglect or refuse to pay their proportionable Part or Share of the Money

so

505

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

so to be called for as aforesaid, for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the Time or Times to be appointed for Payment thereof respectively, then and in such lad mentioned Cafe the fame Company (if the said Deputies shall at any of their Meetings make an Order for that Purpose, but not otherwise), shall abl'olutely forfeit all Share, Part, and Interest in the said Undertaking, and all Profit and Advantage thereof, and all Money theretofore advanced by them in respect thereof, unto such individual Subscribers as aforesaid, in Proportion and according to their respective Shares of and Interests in the fame Undertaking.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Ad- Shares not to vantage shall he taken of Forfeiture of any such Subscriptions as afore- l^thcucted said, until Noiice in Writing, signed by the Clerk of tire laid Deputies, Notice, shall be left at the usual or lait known or reputed Place of Abode of the Subscriber or Subscribers, if such Default as aforesaid shall be made by any Individuals, or personally on the Clerk to the said Somersetshire Coal

Canal Company, if the fame Company shall make such Default, nor un-

less the fame Si bscription shall be declared to be forfeited at Two succes-

five Meetings of the said Deputies, to be holden aficr such Forfeiture

shall happen: Provided also, that every such Forfeiture, after the fame Forfeiture ro

shall be taken Advantage of as aforesaid, shall be an absolute Indemnifi- ,ftJntoSub"*

cation and Discharge to and for the Subscriber or Subscribers so forfeiting feribers.

against all A&iom, Suits, and Prosecutions for any Breach of Contract

or other Agreement between such Subscriber and the other Subscribers,

with regard to the Completion of such Subscriptions: Provided likewise. The other

that in the Event of Forfeiture of any of such Share or Shares as afore-

- to ake up

laid, the remaining or other Subscribers, in case it shall be so determined Money pay. by the said Deputies, shall contribute and make up the Money which ^-['^Sharet ought to have been paid thereon, in such and the fame Proportions as they shall respectively become entitled to such forfeited Share or Shares, and as if they had been the original Subscribers thereof; and in such Case the said remaining or other Subscribers shall receive not only the Principal Monies so to be advanced by them to make up the Deficiency on such forfeited Shares, with Interest as hereafter mentioned, but also the Principal Monies which shall have been before advanced by such forfeiting Proprietors, with the like Interest or Dividends due and to grow due thereon.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as all and when the singular the Purposes for which the said Sum of Forty-five thousand Worl" "e Pounds is herein-before authorized to be raised shall be answered and ef- m'moie ’ feCled, and all Expences attending the same shall be discharged, then if Money to be any Part of the same Sum shall remain unadvanced the same shall not be ralk raised; and then and in such Case also, if any Part of the Monies actually o^erpliM^ raiftd shall not have been expended, the same shall be returned to and di- any?to’be vided between the said Somerjitflnre Coal Canal Company, and such indi- divided be-vidual Subscribers as aforesaid, in the respective Proportions in which they f*r,bers.Ub" shall have contributed such Monies, or the respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such individual Subscribers.

In cjfe of

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Somerset/hire JJ^commu* Coal Canal Company shall, by means of the Money hereby authorized Bication>,

to be raised for such Purpose or otherwise, make Communications by '!-Per Ton Per.] 6 M Locks T°b*

506 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35,

Locks or otherwise by Water for Boats, Barges, or other Vessels navigating the said Canal, then it shall be lawful for the said Somirfet/hirt Coal Canal Company, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time thereafter, until the Monies to be raised for that Purpose, together with such Interest in the mean Time, and also such Costs and Expences as herein-after mentioned, be wholly paid off by the Means herein-after provided, over and above the Rates of Tonnage which they are entitled to take and receive by virtue of the said first recited Act, to alk, demand, take, and receive for the Lockage or Tonnage of all Coal, Stone, Timber, and other Goods, Merchandize, and Things, which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed from the Upper to the Lower or from the Lower to the Upper Levels of either Line of the said Canal, or any Part thereof, the Sum of One Shilling per Ton on every Ton of such Coal, Stone, Timber, and other Goods, Merchandize, and Things which shall be so conveyed, and so in Proportion for any less Quantity than a Ton, for the Uses and Purposes herein-after mentioned.

Extra Tonnage to be coil eft ed, etc. as the

original

Tonnage.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Rates of Lockage or Tonnage hereby granted shall and may be ascertained, collected, levied, and recovered by such and the like Ways and Means, and in such and the like Proportions and Manner, as the Rates of Tonnage granted and made payable to the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, in and by the said first recited Act, are thereby directed to be ascertained, collected, levied, and recovered.

Power to

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

reduce Lock- Deputies in case of any such Subscription by either or both of the before mentioned Classes, cr in Default of such Subscription, then for the Committee of Management of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company (but in either Cale with the Consent of the Majority in Value of Shares ot individual Subscribers for the last mentioned Purposes, either from amongst such Proprietors as aforesaid, or if none such from the Publick at large as here after mentioned (if any), at a Special Meeting of them to be convened by such Deputies or Committee in some Place in the said City of Bath, by an Advertisement to be publilbedin some publick Newspaperor Newspapers circulating in the said Counties of Somerset, Wilts, and Berks) to lefien or reduce the Rate of Tonnage or Lockage granted by this Aff, and afterwards to advance and raise the fame in such and the same Manner as the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company are empowered to lower and raise the Tolls, Rates, and Duties granted in and by the said first recited Act.

tealTth*

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Corn-extra Tolls, unit tee of Management of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under their Common Seal, at any Time or Times (but with the Consent in Writing of the said Deputies, if any such shall be appointed, or otherwise of the proper Authority of the same Company), to farm the extra Rates and Tolls hereby granted from the said Locks or other Water Communications, or any Part or Parts thereof, unto any Person or Persons (from whom they shall be at Liberty to require and take Security, with One or more Surety or Sureties), for any Time or Term they shall think proper not exceeding Three Years from the Commencement of any Lease, and every

507

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

such Lease shall be valid and effectual; and the Lessee or Lessees thereof, and also such Person or Persons as such Lessee or Lessees shall appoint to collect and receive the Rates and Tolls so let, shall, during the Continuance of every such Lease, be deemed Collectors of the Rates ard Tolls so let, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting the same as if they had been appointed for that Purpose by the Company of Proprietors; provided that publick Notice of the Intention to let the said extra Rates and Tolls, or any Part thereof, be given in One or more of the Bath and Bristol Newspapers, and continued in such Newspapers Three Times at least, the First Insertion thereof to be Fourteen Days prior to any Meeting at which the said extra Rates and Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be proposed to be let as aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company (hill cause separate Accounts to be kept and entered in a proper Book or Books, of all Monies to be received by the fame Company (or Tonnage through the fame Locks or other Water Communications, or any of them; and that the fame Bcnk or Books, and all other Books or Accounts dating or relating to the Tonnage raised or to be received by the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, shall be kept open at all seasonable Times at the Company’s Office, for the Inspection and copying out of the said Deputies, or any of them, or for the Inspection of all Persons interested therein, if under the Provisions herein-before contained there (h ill be no such Deputies, without Fee or Reward; and attested Copies of such Entries, when the Originals on Notice in Writing to the said Somerfe'.Jhlre Coal Canal Company shall not be produced, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whasoever.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company shall, on every Twenty-fourth Day of June, and Twenty-fird Day of December, render an Account of and pay to the said Deputies, after deducting all extra Expence of the collecting or recovering thereof, the said Tonnage of One Shilling hereby authorized to be taken for Goods and Things passing between the Upper and Lower Levels of each Line of the said Canal; and also Three Farthings per Ton, Part of the Tonnage which the fame Company shall receive under the said recited Acts, or any of them, on all Goods, Merchandize, and Things passing through the said Locks upon the Dunkerton Line of the said Canal; and Three-pence per Ton, Part of the Tonnage which they shall receive under the fame Acts, or any of them, on all Goods, Merchandize, and Things passing through the said Locks upon the Radjlock Line of the said Canal, which said Proportions of Three Farthings and Three-pence per Ton respectively shall commence from the Time of Completion of such Locks or other Water Communications, and shall be paid and applicable for such special Purposes, and during such Period only as herein-after mentioned; and the fame while so payable shall be freed and discharged from all the yearly and other Payments, Charges, and Incumbrances whatsoever, which are directed to be made out of the lad mentioned Tonnages, or any Part thereof, or are imposed thereon by or under the Authority of the said recited Acts, or either of them, five a proportional Part of the Expence of collecting the same as above mentioned.

Coal Canal Company to keep separate Account* of Tonnage.

Accounts to be optn to Inspection*

Company to pay to Deputies Twice a Year the Lock Tonnage j

also 37., Part of their Tonnage on Goods passing the Locks upon the Dtinker* ton Line; and Part of their Tonnage on Goods pa (Ting the Locks on the Radjloek Line.

508

Power for De. puties to appoint a He ceiver in case of Default in Payment of Tonnage.

Application et the Lock and additional T onnage.

In Payment of 10/. per Cent, upon the Subscrip. tiont.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Somsrfetshire Coal Canal Company shall at any Time or Times hereafter refuse or neglect, for the Six Weeks next after either of the said Days herein-before for that Purpose appointed, to render an Account of and pay to the said Deputies all or any Part of the Tonnage which the fame Company are herein-before directed to pay to the fame Deputies, then and in every such Case, and as often as the same shall happen, it shall and may be lawful for the said Deputies, by an Order under their Hands, to appoint some Person or Persons to receive the Whole of the extra Tonnage to arise from such Locks or other Water Communications as aforesaid, and also to receive such Part of the other Rates and Duties belonging to the fame Company as shall be sufficient to raise the Arrears of such extra Tonnage, and also the additional Tonnage herein-before directed to be by them contributed to the said Lock Fund, and the Arrears thereof, with a Salary or Allowance for the Trouble of collecting (such Receiver or Receivers giving Security faithfully to account); and the Money so to be received as last mentioned shall be applied, first in Payment of the Salary or Allowance of such Receiver or Receivers respectively, and afterwards in Payment to the said Deputies of the Amount of the Tonnage, which the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company are hereir-before directed to pay, but shall have so refused or neglected to pay to the said Deputies as aforesaid, together with all such further Tonnage as the said Deputies shall become entitled to receive while such Receiver or Receivers shall continue in the Collection of the Tonnage, Rates, and Duties which he shall be so appointed to receive as alortsaid, and after the Tonnage so payable to the said Deputies, and the Arrears thereof, and the Costs of collecting such Tonnage, Rates, and Duties as aforesaid, shall be satisfied, the Power of such Receiver or Receivers for the last mentioned Purposes shall cease and determine.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Deputies shall apply the said One Shilling per Ton, and also the said additional Tonnage to be paid to them by the said Company as aforesaid, in Manner following; (videlicet) in the first Place they shall pay and defray thereout all Cds and Hxpences attending the Management and keeping in Repair the Locks or other Water Communications to be formed as aforesaid, and the Engines and other Works to be erected for supplying the fame with Water, working such Engines, and all other necessary Outgoings incident thereto, and the Salaries of such Engineer, Surveyor, and Clerk as shall be employed by them, together with the Expences, attending the Meetings of such Deputies, or otherwise to be by them incurred in executing the Works aforesaid; and in the next Place the said Deputies shall account for and pay to the Committee of Management of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, and to the subscribing Proprietors of both or either of the said Kennet and Avon and Wilts and Berks Canals Half-yearly such Monies as hereafter mentioned; (videlicet) if the Residue of the Tonnage to be received by the said Deputies, after deduding such Expences as aforesaid, shall not exceed Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum of or upon such Part of the Monies to be subscribed for the last mentioned Purposes as shall have been actually advanced, and shall not have been paid off by Means of the Sinking Fund herein-afrer directed to be formed, then and in every Year wherein such shall be the Cafe, the said

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 509

faici Deputies shall pay or cause to be paid the Whole of such Residue unto and between the said Subscribers by whom they shall have been defied as aforesaid, in Proportion and according to the Amount of the actual Advances from Time to Time remaining unpaid of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, and of any individual Proprietors of both or either of the said Two other Companies, in respect of such their respective Subscriptions as aforesaid; but if the Residue of such Tonnage shall exceed fen Pounds per Centum per Annum of or upon such actual Advances from Time to Time remaining unpaid as aforesaid, then and in every Year wherein such shall be the Cafe, the said Deputies shall pay or cause to be paid unto and between the said Subscribers, by whom they shall have been severally elected as aforesaid, Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum of or upon the actual Advances from Time to Time remaining Unpaid of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, and of the individual Proprietors of both or either of the said other Two Companies, in respect of such their respective Subscriptions as aforesaid, together with such Sum of Money as will make and complete Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum of or upon their said several actual Advances from Time to Time remaining unpaid in each and every Year wherein the Residue of such Tonnage shall not have amounted to such Ten Pounds per Centum.

shall be any Surplus of the Monies to be received by the Deputies, after bc°for.ned° Payment of such Expences, and of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum mtoaSmking upon such actual Advances from Time to Time remaining unpaid in respect of Subscriptions as aforesaid, the said Deputies shall accumulate and improve the fame Surplus from Time to Time, by Investment thereof in How applied, the Names of Trustees in any of the publick Stocks or f unds of Great Britain, and by receiving the Interest and Dividends thereof, and again laying out the fame in like Manner, until such Accumulations shall from Time to Time amount to Five Pounds per Centum of or upon the Monies to be subscribed and advanced for the lastmentioned Purposes and then and in every such Case, and as often as the same shall happen, the said Deputies shall pay to the said Committee of Management of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, and to and between the said individual Subscribers, Five Pounds p<r Centum of or upon such their respective Advances from Time to Time remaining unpaid in respect of Subscriptions as aforesaid, in Discharge and Extinguishmenc of a like Proportion of the fame several Advances of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company and such Individuals as aforesaid; and (o from Time to Time, ur.til by Means of such successive Accumulations and Payments of Five Pounds per Centum to be made therewith, or otherwise, the several Sums of Money which the fame Company and Individuals respectively shall have actually advanced in respect of their Subscriptions for the last mentioned Purposes, together with all Arrears of Dividends or Interest thereon, and all Costs and Expences attending the Management or Superintendance of the said Lock Concern, shall be wholly paid off and satisfied.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Depu- Right of Ac-ties for the Time being shall refuse or neglect duly to apply all or any of *i°n to the the Monies which shall have been by them from Time to Time received *9 "he by virtue of this Act, for the several Purposes hcreir-before directed, then UsputiM. and in every such Case, and as often as the same shall happen, it shall and may be lawful for the said Smersetshire Coal Canal Company, in the Name \JLot. et. Per. 1 6 N of

5IC

Right of Action to Subscribers against the Deputies.

4.20 GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

of their Clerk, to sue for and recover against such Deputies, cr any of them, so refusing or neglecting, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Dtbt or on the Cafe, all or any of the Caid Monies which such Deputies shall so have refused or neglected to apply as aforesaid, with full Costs of Suit, and the Monies which shall be I'o recovered shall be applied by the Committee of Management of the fame Company for the Purposes for which such Deputies ought to have applied the same.

XL.IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case such Deputies shall refuse or neglect for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after they ought, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, to pay any Interest or Dividends upon any Monies actually advanced by, and from Time to Time remaining due to any such individual Subscribers as aforesaid, in respect of their or any of their Subscriptions or Subscription, or any Inltal-ment or Instalments in Part of the Principal of such Advances, then and in every such Case, and as often as the same shall happen, it shall and m.ty be lawful for the fame Subscribers, or any of them, their or any of their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to sue far and recover against furh Deputies, or any of them so refusing or neglecting, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, all or any of the Monies which such Deputies ought pursuant to this Act, to have paid to the fame Subscribers or Subscriber, their, his, er her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, so suing, in respect either of Dividends or Interest upon, or of any Instalment or Instalments of the Principal of their respective Advances as aforesaid, with full Costs of Suit.

when Sub- L. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when and as soon as all ^ai<foff1 e«tr» an^ singular t*lc several Sums of Money which shall be advanced in re-Tonnage to spedt: of such Subscriptions as aforesaid, with the Interest and Dividends eeafe. for or in respect of the fame, and all such Costs and Expences as are herein-

before authorized to be incurred, shall be wholly paid off and satisfied by the Means aforesaid, then and from thenceforth the Tonnage of One Shilling hereby authorized to be taken for such Locks or other Water Communications between the Upper and Lower Levels of the said Somer-Jetshire Coal Canal shall cease and be no longer payable, and such Locks or other Water Communications, and all Engines and other Works, belonging thereto, shall be under the foie Direction of the said Somer/elshire Coal Canal Company, and then and from thenceforth the fame Company shall no longer contribute to the said Lock Fund the aforesaid Proportions of Three Farthings per Ton, Part of their Tonnage upon the Dunkerton Line, and Three-pence per Ton, Part of their Tonnage upon the Rad-Jiock Line, of the fame Canal, but the same shall be re-united to and again Company af- form Part of the Revenues and Funds of the fame Company; but the kee^Lodcs in ^ame Company shall and they are hereby required for ever thereafter to Repair. support and keep the said Locks or other Water Communications, and all Engines and other Works thereto belonging, in proper and complete Repair and Order, at their own Expence.

Company to

LI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Deputies Lana°nd1vfor pay or a^ow to the said Somer/elshire Coal Canal Company the terUi/i" mak- Amount of the Purchase Money and Costs attending the Purchase of ing Locks. Dunkerton

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 5x1

Dunkerton Mill, and the full Value of nil such Land, and of all such Materials and Articles severally belonging or to belong to the fame Company, as the said Deputies shall or may use in making such Locks or other Water Communications as aforesaid, and likewise the Cost of the Engine and Works thereto belonging now erecting near Dunkerton Mill, and shall indemnify the said Somerjttshire Coal Canal Company from the Engagement entered into by them with the said John Smith, tespecting the taking the Water from the Brook on the Dunkerton Line of the said Canal as hereir.-3fter is mentioned; and shall likewise pay to the fame Company the Cost or W7orth of all such Engines, Masonry, and other Works already erected and done, or to be ereifted and done by the fame Company, as shall or may be taken, atlopted, cr used by the said Deputies for the making or supplying of the fame Locks or other Wattr Communications: Provided likewise, that after such Locks or other Water Communications shall be completed, the Lid Somerfeishire Coal Canal Company shall not use or permit to be used any other Communications between the Upper and Lower Levels pt the said Canal, without the previous Consent in Writing of the said Deputies, unless the said Locks or other Water Communications shall be out of Repair, or incapable of passing; Boats, Barges, or other Vessels between the Upper and Lower Levels of either Line of the said Canal.

LII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Committee objrfKoiuof of Management of the said Somerfeishire Coal Canal Company shall at te'o^Ma* any Time or Times during the making of such Leeks or other Wattr nagement to Communications and Works as aforesaid by the said Deputies, be dif-satisfied with the Manner of forming and erecting the fame, or with the the Works to Materials to be used therein, or any other Matter or Thing in relation ^e0ftEr7e<Jto thereto, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the lame Com- ueeis. mittee, by Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the Deputies, to (lay the Progress of the said Works, or such Parc thereof as they shall object to, and their Objection or Objections final 1 thereupon be referred to Two Engineers, One to be named by the said Committee of Management in such Notice as aforesaid, and the other by the said Deputies, with Liberty, in case such Engineers shall disagree, to appoinc some other Engineer as an Umpire between them; and such Referees or their Umpire shall have Power to order such Parts of the said Works as they shall conceive executed in a faulty Manner to be taken down and re-executed, and also Power in case they shall conceive any Objection of the said Committee ot Management ill-founded, to award Compensation from the said Somtrfet-shire Coal Canal Company to the said Lock Concern for any Stoppage of the said Works by the said Committee.

L11L And be it further enacted, That if any Sum not exceeding Company to Forty-five thousand Pounds shall be raised by such Subscriptions as afore- LoefcFuiJd ' said for the last mentioned Purposes, then the said Somerfeishire Coal Canal towards Ex-Company shall piy to the Lock Fund, in Addition to the said Company’s *7""

Share of the fame Subscriptions, such a Sum of Money towards the s Purchase and Erection, and afterwards annually towards the working and maintaining of Engines and other Works, as shall be a just and fair Allowance for furnifiling the Upper Level of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal with a Quantity of Water equal to what shall be consumed or wasted therein by Leakage, Soakage, or Evaporation; and in case the said Company and the said Deputies shall differ as to the Amount of such

Allowance,

512

Differencei between the Company and the Deputies how to be determined*

If none of the Proprietors of the other Companies subscribe, how the Lock Concerns to be conduced.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Allowance, then the same shall be referred to and finally determined by Two Engineers, One to be chosen by the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, and the other by the said Deputies, or an Umpire to be chosen by such Two Engineers, in case of Difference.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any other Difference shall arise between the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company and the said Deputies, touching any Matter or Thing to be done or consented to by virtue of this Act, and the Adjustment of which is not hereby otherwise provided for, such Differences shall be finally determined by Two Arbitrators, One to be chosen by the Committee of Management of the fame Company, and the other by the said Deputies , and in case such Arbitrators shall disagree, then they shall have Power to appoint an Umpire between them, and the Determination which such Arbitrators or their Umpire shall make concerning the Matter or Matters to be submitted to them or him, shall be final and conclusive, so as such Arbitrators make their Award or choose an Umpire within Twenty-one Days, and such Umpire make his Umpirage within Fourteen Days next after such Matters mall be referred to them or him respectively i and the Submission as well to such Award or Umpirage, as to such Engineers as are herein-before directed to be appointed Referees in the before specified Cafes, or their Umpire, shall and may be made a Rule of the Court of King’s Bench, at the Request of either of the said Parties in Difference, according to the Statute in that Cafe provided.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case none of the Proprietors of either of the said Companies of the said Kennet and Avon and Wilts and Berks Canals shall contribute Two Thirds or a Moiety, as the Case may be, of the Subscriptions for the last mentioned Purposes (in which Cafe Deputies are not to be appointed), then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, and they are hereby authorized and empowered by any of the Ways and Means by which they are herein-before authorized to raise any Sum not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, to levy and raise for fame Purposes any Sum or Sums not exceeding Forty-five thousand Pounds; but in case they shall not take effectual Measures for that Purpose for the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Period herein-before allowed for making such Subscriptions as aforesaid, then the lame Company shall and they are hereby required to open a Subscription to be filled by any Person or Persons who shall be willing and desirous of subscribing thereto, to levy and raise for the fame Purposes any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-five thousand Pounds , and then and in such last mentioned Cafe the making of such Locks or other Water Communications as aforesaid, and the raising Money by Subscriptions or otherwise to any such Amount as aforesaid, shall be, and the fame is hereby placed wholly in the Direction of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company; and the fame Locks and other Works shall be executed and conducted by the Committee of Management of the fame Company in such and the same Manner, and with all such and the fame Powers and Authorities, and Payment of Interest, and Application of Surplus, as such Deputies as aforesaid, in cale any such had been appointed, are herein before empowered to do, or as near thereto as Circumstances shall require or permit; and the fame Committee of Management shall keep the Accounts 2 of

5*

4-2* GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

of the Lock Fund and Concerns distinct and apart from the other Affairs of the said Company, and shall receive, pay, apply, and dispose of the extra Tonnage to he collected from such Locks or other Water Communications as aforesaid; and also the said Proportions to be contributed by the said Somersetfbtre Coal Canal Company, in Addition to the said extra Tonnage of Three Farthings per Ton in Part of their Tonnage upon the Dur.knten Line, and the said Three-pence per Ton upon the Radfieck Line of the Lid Canal, for the Support and Repair of the Works thereof, and for the Benefit of the several Persons who shall in such last: mentioned Event subscribe to the raising of any such Sum not exceeding Forty-five tliou-sand Pounds as aforesaid, and for forming a Sinking Fund for the Discharge of the fameSubscriptionsin such and the same Manner, Rates, and Proportions, and generally for all such Purposes, as the Deputies, in case any such had been appointed, are herein-before directed and authorized to apply and dispose of the fame, and as ifthesaid last mentioned Subscribers wereiubfetibing Proprietors of both or either of the said Kenn't and Avon and IViltt and Berks Canals; and in such last mentioned Cafe, the Committee of Management of the fame Company shall Once in every Year print, and deliver to such of the last mentioned Subscribers as shall apply for the fame, a Statement of the general Amount of the Expence and Produce of the said Lock Concern, and of the Application of the Funds thereof, and a like Statement of such other Parts of the said Company’s Affairs, as may satisfy the fame Subscribers, and the Publick at large, that the said extra Tonnage and additional Proportion of Tonnage agreed to be allowed by the said Company, in Augmentation of the said Lock Fund, is duly applied accordingly.

LVI. And whereas the said Somtrf/tshire Coal Canal Company have Powerfor already purchased more Lands and Buildings than may be necessary to to

be made Ufc of for the Purposes of the said Navigation; be it further en- mite Land, a£krd, That all Purchases of Lands and Buildings that have been already made, by or in Trust for or on Account of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, or their Suctyffors, shall be good and valid without any Licence to alien or purchase in Mortmain; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, as to such of the Premises as are or may be Freehold or Leasehold, by Indenture under their Common Seal, and as to such of the Premises as are or may be of the Nature of Copyhold by Surrender, to be executed by their Attorney, lawfully authorized by Deed under their Common Seal, according to the Custom of the respective Manors of which the fame may be holden, to sell and dispose of, and grant, surrender, and convey, in Fee Simple, according to the Nature and Tenure of the said Lands or Buildings, either absolutely or in Fee Farm, or todemilefor a Term of Years, such Part or Parts of the fame Lands or Buildings as are of the Nature of Freehold or Copyhold, and to assign or transfer the Whole or any Part of the Term or Terms remaining unexpired in such Leasehold Premises which have been rel’peftively purchased by or on Account or for the Use of, or in Trust for, the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of the said Navigation and Works, either in Exchange for any Messuages, Lands, and Preniifes taken or to be taken and ufeU by the fame Company for the Purposes of the said Canal and Works, for a Consideration in Money, or at and under a yearly Rent, or all, or any, or either of them, such yearly Rent to be reserved or limited,

[Loc. Per."] 6 O with

5*i4 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

The Company (before thry re-fell any Lai ds) to < ffer the fime to the Per ion« from whom they purchased such Lands.

with Power of Liltrefs on Non-payment, in such Manner as in such Conveyances, Demises, or Surrenders, shall he expressed; and also, by the Ways and Means aforesaid, to grant, funender, or assign, and convey, by way of absolute Sale, for a Consideration in Money, all or any Pair or Parts of the annual Rents which shall or may be reserved or limited to them the said Somtrfetshire Coal Canal Company, or any Grant, Demile, or Surrender, Grants, Demises, or Surrenders, to be by them made as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the fame Company, to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which any such Lands, Building, Rents, or Premises shall be fold; and such Receipts shall be sufficienr Discharge for the fame Purchase Money, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be received , and such Person or Person:- shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof; which laid Money shall be applied by the fame Company for the fame or for the like Purposes as the Money hereby authorized to be raised is directed to be applied: Provided always, that the fame Company before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands or Buildings, shall fiilt offer to re-sell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Lands or Buildings; and in case such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse or decline to re-purchase the fame, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Mailer Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Lands or Buildings shall be fitune, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Lan Is or Buildings, Hating that such Offer was made by or on Behalf of the fame Company, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was retufed or declined by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was not agreed to, or was refused or declined by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be.

Common!,etc.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where, in making

by^wherevf Canal, Reservoirs, and other Works, there has been or shall be

Mamas, etc. Occasion to cut through, take, or use, any Part of any Common or Waite to the Com- Giuund, for the Purpose of the said Canal, Rcfervoirs, at d other Works, or any Part of any publick or private Road or Roads, the Conveyance of such Parts of such Common or Walle Ground, Road or Roads, by the Lord or Lady, Lords or Ladies, or other Proprietors, of the Manor to which such Common or Waite Ground, Road or Roads, is appurtenant, or by a Majority in Value of the Land Owners in which any Parish Road, or any Five or more of the acting Trustees of any Turnpike Road which may be taken or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Adit, to the fame Company, shall be a good and sufficient Conveyance for the Purpose of vesting in them the Fee Simple and Inheritance of such Common, Waite Ground, or Roads respectively, as fully audcffeSu illy as if every such Person having Right of Common on such Common or Walle Ground or iiuercfttd in or entitled to such Road or Roads,or otherwise, hadjoined in and executed such Conveyance; and the Purchase Money for such Parts of such Common or Waite Ground as aforesaid shall be paid by the fame Company to the said Lord or Lady, Lords or Ladies of such Manor, for the Ulc of the said Lord or Lady, Lords or Ladies, and the Persons having

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35j<

Right of Common upon such Common or Waste, in Proportion to theii* respective Rights and Intends in the Land so taken-, and if any Difference fh.dl arise respecting the Division of thV laid Pun. hafc Money, the same shall be determined as directed by the said First Act.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person beneficially entitled Lords, etc. of to any Manor in or through which any Part of the said Canal and Cuts, Ma 1 rs or other Works, is or shall be made, may enfranchjfe any Copyhold copyhold!' or Customary Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to the fame, which have been or shall be taken by the fame Company for the making any Part of the Lid Canal and Cuts or other Works, notwithstanding that such Person or Persons be feil'ed of or entitled to such Manor for a less Interest than an Estate of Inheritance, or be not seised of the legal Estate therein, or although the fame be in Mortgage, or otherwise incumbered.

LIX. And whereas Doubts have arisen, and Disputes may happen. Company not bet ween the fame Company and the Surveyors, and other Persons interested ^pair* Ap-tQ in the Repairs of the Roads approaching to the Bridges already made, p,-naches to or which may happen to be made over the said Canal and Cuts, respecting one!m’ade^ such Repairs; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the and pot in passing of this Act, the fame Company shall not be liable to repair or Hepair. amend any Part of the Approaches to any Bridges made or to be made over the said Canal and Cuts, after such Approaches shall have been fiift made and put into good Repair by the fame Company -, any thing in the said Act ir in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; buc nothing herein contained shall be construed to exonerate the fame Company from the future Repairs of the Bridges, and the Wing Walls,

Ramparts, and Side Banks thereof, and the Banks supporting the Approaches thereto.

LX. And whereas the fame Company, in the Prosecution of their said Power to di-Works, have diverted and turned several publick Highways, Bridleways, ^onmaki’n* and Footways, and have, in lieu of such old Reads and Ways, at a con- orim-s, and 0 siderable Expence, made more or equally convenient Ways and Roads, and may have Occasion to turn and divert other Iloads and Ways; be it Company, therefore enacted, That where it shall appear, upon the View of any Two or moie Justices of the Peace for the respective County, that it has been or shall be necessary for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or of this Act, that any publick Highway, Bridleway, or Footway, should have been or shall be diverted or turned, then and in such Cale, as to such Roads or Ways that have been so diverted and turned, upon the Propiiety thereof, and of other Roads and Ways bring made in l eu of the fame, being certified by Wiiring under the Hands of such Justices, the said Scmerfetshire Coal Canal Company shall be justified and fully indemnified for havirg made such Diversions and Alterations; and as to such Roads or Ways as may hereafter so require to be diverted or altered, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, by Order of such Justices at some Special Selficns, to divert and turn loch publnk Highway, Bridleway, or Footway, as may be hereafter necessary, in such Manner as in such Order shall be expressed, the said Company first making a new Highway, Bridleway, or Footway, of equal Width with the former, and in every Resptft agreeable to the Terms of such

Order

5i6

4x« GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

Order; and when such new Highway, Bridleway, or Footway, already made or hereafter to be made, shall be completed and finished, any Two or more of the said Justices shall or may, upon a View, declare the lame by a Certificate under their Hands, which Certificate shall be inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the respective County wherein the said Roads or Ways so diverted or turned, or to be diverted or turned, shall respectively lie; and after the inrolling of such Certificate, the Part of the old Highway, Bridleway, or Footway, so diverted or turned, or to be diverted and turned, shall be and become veiled in Fee Simple in the said Somerset/ljire Coal Canal Company, with full Power for them to fell or dtfpole of the fame; and the Land constitncing or to constitute the new Road or Way shall from thenceforth for ever be and be deemed a publick Highway, Bridleway, or Footway, as the Calc may be, and shall be veiled in or belong to such Personor Persons, and be subjrdl and liable to such and the fame Laws, Rules, and Regulations, in every Respedl as the old Road or Way so diverted and turned, or to be diverted or turned, were, now is, or shall have been, immediately prior to such Diversion or Butnottodi- Turning, subject and liable: Provided neverthelefr, that nothing herein JESW contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to authorize or em-out Content of power the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company to divert or turn any Five Trustees. Turnpike Road without the Consent of Five or more of the Trustees (or executing the Act or Acts relating to such Turnpike Road, assembled at some Meeting of the said Trustees.

Proceedings

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in any Action brought or to fauitersf' b? brought by the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, ag.iinft any Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the said Cana), to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the fame Company for or by reason of any Call or Calls made by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or by or in the Name of the fame Company, against any Subscriber or Subscribers, or other Person or Persons, lor or in respect of any Call or Calls to be made in pursuance and by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare and al-ledge that the Defendant or Defendants, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of such or so many Share or Shares in the said Canal, or in the said Subscriptions, or having agreed to advance a Sum of Money towards raising the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, or the said Sum of Forty-five thousand Pounds, or.such Part thereof resptdlively, as shall be nec-fiary, so to be raised as aforesaid, is or are indebted 10 the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear shall amount unto, for such and so many Call or Calls of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money, upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as the Case may happen to be), or for or on Account of the Money so respectively agreed to be advanced as aforesaid, duly made upon such Defendant or Defendants according to the Authority of the said Acts and of this Act, or either of them, whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, or either of them, without letting forth the special Matter; any thing in the said recited Act or this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and on the Trial of any such Action it shall only be ne-ceft'ary to prove on the Part of the said Company, that the Defendant or Defendants, at the Time of making such Call or Calls, was or were

a Pro-

5l7

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

a Proprietor or Proprietors of some Share or Shares in the said Canal, or had agreed to advance or subscribea Sam of Money to the fame Company for any such Purpose as aforesaid, and that such Call or Calls was or were in Fad made; and that the Producton by the principal Clerk, or other Officer of the said Company, of the said Register Book, and of the Mi. nutes of Proceedings of the Proprietors and Committee of Management, or by the Clerk to the said Deputies of their Minutes of Proceedings and Lift of Subscribers, and of the Newspapers in which Notice of the said Calls have been or shall be advertised, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Proprietary and of the Appointment of the Committee who made any such Call or Call*, or of such Agreement to advance such Money by the Defendant or Defendants, for any such Purpose, and of the Notices given of such Calls, and of the Proceedings of the Proprietors and Committee duly entered in their Minute Book; and likewise wherever the Money lb agreed to be advanced, shall be for raising the said Sum of Forty-five thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, of the Appointment cf such Deputies, and of their Proceedings duly entered ip. their Minute Book, and the said Company shall not be obliged to prove any other Matter whatever; and the Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover what shall appear due, unless it shall appear that any such Call or Calls was or were made contrary to the Directions and Restric*-lions in Point of Time or Amount contained in the said tecited Acts or of this Act; and after Judgement shall be given for the same Company in any such Action, Execution shall not be flayed by reason of any Wtit of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unless such Defendant or Defendants with Two sufficient Sureties, shall first become bound to the said Company by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the Court in which tuch Judgement shall be given, in Double the Sum adjudged to the said Company by such Judgement, to profecure the said Writ of Error with Effect; and al'o if the said Judgement be affirmed, or the said Writ of Elrror be nonprossed, to satisfy and pay the Debt, Damages, and Costs, adjudged by the said Judgement, and all Colls and Damages to be awarded for Delay of Execution.

LXIf. And be it further enacted, That any Clerk or other Officer employ- officers may ed by or on Behalf of the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company, or by gwe Evidence or on Behalf of the said Deputies, shall and may be admissible and ex- of^fares! '* amined as a Witness for or against the said Company of Proprietors, touching any merely ministerial Act done or to be done or performed by or for tie said Company, or Deputies, in any Court of Law or Equity, or before any Commissioner, Arbitrator, or Jury, or on any other Occasion, not* withstanding such Clerk or Officer shall be posscfled of One or more Share or Shares, Half Shaie or Half Shares, in the said Undertaking, or in the said Subscriptions, or either of them.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money authorized Power roap-to be raised by virtue of the said first-recited Act, and the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds authorized to be raised by this Act, shall be found ca»ai, if insufficient for completing the said Canal and Works authorized to be *ant'dfor made by the said first recited Act, then and in such Case it shall be law- tlm urP° * ful for the said Sorr.erfetshire Coal Canal Company, at any General or Special Assembly to be holden by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, to order and direct the Rates, Tolls, and Duties received or to be re-[Loc. & Per.] 6 P ceived

5*8. 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

ceived by the f.tid Company by virtue of the said Acts or of this Act, except the said Tonnage herein-before directed to be applied to the Pur* poles of the Lock Fund (after Payment of such Kents and other Payr ments as are charged thereon), to be applied in and towards the finish* ing and completing such Parts of the said Canal and Works; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Somtrfetflme Coal Canal Company* at any such General or Special Assembly, to ord-r and direct any fuel) Rates, 1’olls, or Duties (ixcept as aforesaid) to be applied towards the raising or paying the Proportion herein- before directed to be advanced by the fame Company, of the said Sum of Forcy-five thousand Pounds, in the Event of such Individual Subscriptions as aforesaid.

Fi°reE to'r'Cii

LXIV. And whereas the said Somerfe/shire Coal Canal Company or the ire ngme». QCpUtjes may |iave Occasion to take and use the Water flowing in the Brooks of the Vallies of the Lines of the said Canal, and which they may so take without much, if any, Loss or Inconvenience to the Mill Owners, Land Owners, or other Persons, by erecting such Engines so as to take and pump up the Water from the respective Brooks into ths Upper Levels of the said Canal on the Dunkerton Line of the said Canal, after it has passed all the existing Mills on that Line of Canal; and on the Radjlock Line of the said Canal, by taking such Water from the Brook after it has passed all the Mills, except a Grift Mill at Mttford belonging to William Smith, and by returning the Water so taken on that Line through a Gauge into the Mill Head of the said excepted Mill, after the Purposes for which it may have been so taken have been answeredjj be it therefore enacted, That, from and after passing this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors or the said Deputies, to erect and set up One or more Fire Engine or Fire Engine* on the Dunkerton Line of the said Canal, with proper Tunnels, Soughs, and Conveniencies for the Purpose of pumping and raising, and thereby or otherwise to pump and raile Water from the Brook at or near Dun-kerton Mill Head, (or any other Place between that and the Termination of the Upper Level, on the Lid Line of Canal into the Upper Level of the said Line of Canal); and also to erect and set up other Fire Engine or Fire Engines on the Radjlock Line of the said Canal, with proper Tunnels, Soughs, and Conveniencies, for the Purpose of pumping and raising, and thereby or otherwise to pump and raise, Water from the Brook at or near Willow Mill Tail, (or any other Place between that and the Termination of r.he Upper Level of that Line of Canal), into the Upper Level of the Lid Line of Canal; the said Somersetshire Coal Canal Company or the said Deputies, returning through a proper Gauge, within Forty-eighc Hours after taking such Water, as much Water into the Mill Head of the said Mill at Mitford, (if required and necessary to work the Lid excepted Mill), as they shall take into the Upper Level of

Miking Com- the said Line of Canal by Means of such Fire Engines; or in Defaulc

pensation. thereof, making a full and fair Compensation and Allowance to the Proprietors of such Mill, and all other Persons injured by leafon of taking and not returning such Water into the said Mill Head as aforesaid, for raking such Water by Means of such Engines, and thereby depriving the Owners and Occupiers of such Mill, or other Persons, of such Water; and also making proper Watering Places for Cattle, where by reason of taking such Water, the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands in the said Vallies, or either of them, shall be deprived of such Brook or Spring

Water,

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 3^ 51.9

Water, and supplying such Watering PI ices with Water at all Times; such Compensation and Allowance to be fittlerl and alcer-ained, in cate of Difference, in the same Manner as other Differences are dirtdled to be settled in and by the said first recited Act and this Act: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend to alter, affcdl, or prejudice apy Agreement or Agreements already entered into, or hereafter to be entered into, by the said Company with any Person or Persons interfiled in or entitled to any such Water, in respect to the said Company or the said Deputies taking such Water into the said Canal, so as no such Agreement or Agreements shall or may affect or prejudice any Person or Persons who shall not be a Party or Parties thereto.

LXV. And whereas, by the said first recited Act, the Committee Clerk to fix of Management are directed to meet every Three Months or oltener, Matings! sfc. and may adjourn themselves from IT me to Time, and f/om Place to Place, as Occasion may require; and it may sometimes happen that no Adjournment may be made, or Time fixed, for holding the next General Meeting of the said Committee: be it therefore enacted,

That in case no such Adjournment shall be made, or no Time shall be appointed by the said Committee at any General Meeting or Meetings, for holding the then next General Quarterly Meeting, in such Case the principal Clerk to the said Company shall and may appoint the Time and Place for holding the next General Quarterly Meeting of the said Committre, some Time in the Months of March, June, September, or December* relpedivtly, as the Case shall require; and also that the said principal Clerk, at the Requisition in Writing of any Three or more of the said Committee, of whom the Chairman fif there shall be One) shall be One, or of any Five of the said Committee, with or without the Chairman, shall and may at any Time or Times convene a Meeting of the said Committee of Management, for any special Purpose, to be held at furh Time and Place or Times and Places as shall be mentioned in such Requisition, provided there be sufficient Time allowed to fend Ten Days Notice of such intended Meeting by the Poll, from the said City of Bath, to each Member of such Committee.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That at all General or Special Majority ef Meetings of the said Proprietors at large, to be held in pursuance of the t'het\vi"0,t"ld laid recited Acts or of tli s Act, the Determination of the Majority of Votes according to the Number of Votes in Person, and by Proxy, which the Persons attending any such Meeting shall have a Right to give, and shall give, shall be considered as the Determination of the whole Company.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall use i*ersons navi-or navigate on the said Somersetshire Coal Canal, any Boat or Vessel that gating impio-shall have a square Head, Stern, or Side, or that shall have any Angle canal subject or Piojedlion on the Side or at the Bottom thereof, or be construdfed in to a Penalty, any Relpedl so as to injure or tend to injure the Lining, Puddling, or other Works of the fame Canal, on Pain of forfeiting to the said Somer-fetshire Coal Canal Company, not more than Twenty Pounds nor less ihan Five Pounds, for every Time such Boat Or Vessel shall be navigated on the Somersetjkire Coal Canal, or any Part thereof; such Penalty or Penalties to be enforced, recovered, or mitigated, in such and the fame

Manner

520

Shares may mortgaged.

Powers-f each Ait extended to the others.

Application of Compenfa-tioti, where amounting to zoo/.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures are directed or empowered to be recovered or mitigated in and by the said recited Acts, or either of them.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any

Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares, Half Share or Half Shares in the said Undertaking, or of any Share in the said Subl rip-tions, to transfer and mortgage the same to 3ny od.cr Person, as a Secu. rity for Money, such Transfer being in the Foim prescribed in the said first recited Act, for the Convey, nee of Shares, (or ns near thereio as Circumstances will admit), with a Proviso or Condition thereto added, that if the Mortgagor, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall p3V to the Mortgagee, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the Principal Sum thereby to be secured, with legal or lei’s Intcreit, on or before a certain Time, then the Mortgagee, his Executors, Admimftra-tors, or Assigns, shall re-transfer such Share or Shares, Halt ShaiC or Half Shares, to such Mortgagor, his Executors, Administrators, of Assigns; a Memorial of which Mortgage of Shares or Half Shafts in the said Undertaking shall be registered by the principal Clerk in such Manner as Memorials of Conveyances of Shares arc directed to be registered, or of Shares in the said Subiripnon with the Clerk to the said Deputies, in like Manner as nearly as Circumstances will permit; but the Name of the Mortgagor shall continue to stand in the Regfter Book as the Proprietor of such Share or Shares, Half Share or H If Snares, or of the said Subscription, until Default shall be made in Payment of the Mortgage Money for Six Calendar Months after Payment of the same shall have been required by Notice in Writing, and until the said principal Clerk or Clerks to the Deputies respectively shall be required by the Mortgagee to insert his Name as the Propr etor of such Share or Shares, Half Share or Half Shares, or of such Subscription, from which Time such Mortgagee shall be considered as the legal Pro riecor thereof; and when and as any such last mentioned Mortgage shall be paid off, a Memorial of the Re-transfer thereof shall be registered in Manner aforesaid.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions and Clauses of this Act shall, in the Execution of the said recited Acts, be used, applied, and construed, so far as the same are appl cable, in like Manner as if the fame were i'pecially enacted in the said Acts, or either of them; and all and every the Provisions and Clauses of the said recited Acts shall, in the Execution of this Act, except where the same are hereby expressly varied, be used and applied, extended and construed, in like Manner as if the fame Provisions and Clauses (except as aforesaid), were Specially enacted in this Act.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Coipo-ration. Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Dil’ability or Incapacity, as in the said Acts particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in cale the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of En^Lnd,

1 in

521

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35*

in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Somerset-shire Coal Canal Navigation, together with the Name or Names of lech Person or Persons as any Three of the Commissioners for executing the said Acts and this Act shall, by Wilting signed by them, riireft and appoint } to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order, made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the Lid Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenemenrs, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing lettltd to the fame or the like Uses, Inrents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applies!, then the same shall be laid out and inverted in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the Lid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three per Centum Consolid.tied or Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in che Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed or otherwise; or the same shall be paid at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved by Three or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order [Lee. & Per.'] 6 Q that

Application where the

CoTiperfation does not amount to too/. and exceeding j

522

Application where the Money is less than 20/.

Principal Clerk may appoint Deputy.

Expences of the Act how to be defrayed.

[Publick Act.]

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before awarded, as far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be lcfs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufc and Benefit of such Person or Persons entitled respectively.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the principal Clerk to the said Somer/elshire Coal Canal Company from Time to Time (with the Consent of the Committee of Management, to be given at any General Meeting of such Committee), by any Writing under his Hand to appoint One or more (not exceeding Three) Deputy < r Duputies , and all Acts required to be done by the said principal Clerk, and all Notices and Precedes which by the said Act may be served upon the said principal Cletk, shall be equally good, valid, binding and effectua], if done by or served upon such Deputy or Deputies.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Costsand Expences of applying for. obtaining, and passing this Act, and all Costs and Expences incident thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by and out of any Money to be received by virtue of this Act.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons are hereby required to take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

523

The SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Act.

In what Pariflv situated. N" of Reference in Plan; Description. Owners. Occupiers.

Combhay or Southltoke Wellow 5 2 Orchard - Orchard - - C John Smith, Esq. - - O Edward Willis, Lessee 3 William Gore Langton, Esq* Edward Willis. William Wiltshire.

L ONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*t*4Kk

Cap. 3 6.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two several Atfls, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Westwood Gate in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rushden and Higham Ferrers, and over Artlebo-rough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Sengrave Lane in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton.

[30th April 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, sin Act for repairing and widening the High Road from West-wood Gate in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rufbden and Higham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, , [Lor. 5s* Perd] 6 R to

I

17 Geo. i, and

526

u Geo. 3.

Acts further continued.

For appointing additional Trustees.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

to tie Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane in the Parish of Barton Sragiave, in the County of Northampton: And whereas another Act was made in the Twenty-fi it Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said reci'ed Act: And whereas the Trustees for the Care and Management of the said Road, have made great Progress in the Repair thereof, 3nd for that Purpose have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected thereon, which Money, together with an Arrear of Interest, (till remains due, and the fame cannot be repaid, and the said Road amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts (which is near expiring) be further continued, the Tolls increased, and some of the Provisions thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the Commencement of this Act, the Term granted by the said recited Acts shall be repealed -, and that the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and also such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties), shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and together with this present Act shall be put in Execution for the several Purposes thereby and hereby intended, for and during the Term hereinafter granted, as fully and effectually in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; which said Term hereby granted shall be, and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts and of this Act, and all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That Thomas Alston, JuJlinian Alston, Rowland Alston, William Andrews, William Lee Antonie, Thomas Ashpole, Simon Adams Clerk, John Achurch, Thomas Angrave, John Anthony, John Aujlin, John Arams, John A mytage, the Honourable Edward Bouverii, Edward Bouverie, George Barker Clerk, Thomas Battams, William Bilhrey, John Bilhrey, Charles Bletjoe, Britten-, George Brooks, Charles Bur-

ton Clerk, William Bricheno, William Bttrbidge, Richard Booth, Richard Brooke, De Capell B> coke, Abraham Blott, Ephraim Bufwell, John Brown, John Boudier Clerk, Leonard Burton, Richard Andrews Cathcart, Charles Chester, Samuel Cornish, John Crawl y, Samuel Crawley, Frogmore Cummins Clerk, Adam Corrie, Andrew Corrie, Thomas Chapman, James Cobb, John Day, William Day, Thomas Day, John English Dolben, William Somerset Dolben, William Drage, William Douglas, Thomas Davis, Robert Carey Elwes, John Eyles, Robert Eden, William Fancourt Clerk, William Grove Spurgeon Farrer, Dudley French, John Fox, Thomas Fox, Thomas Fletcher, John Hetchcr, Francis Ferr and Foijambe, John Garrard, Robert Gar fin, Charles Garth, John Cell, Thomas Cell, Thomas Gent, John Gibberd, Ro bert Gibbins, Valentine Grantham Clerk, Griffiths Clerk, Joseph

Gttston, Francis Green, the Honourable George Germaine, Henry GIndwell, Green Gascoyen, George Gascoytn, William Geary, William Griffin, Thomas

Gotcb,

42° GEORGII III. Cap. $6. 527

Golch, John Cooper Gotcb, Charles Gibbon, Richard Garrett, Thomas Green,

James Hardwick, John Web/ier Hawk/ley Clerk, John Higgins senior, John Higgins junior, John Hggins of Higham Park, Bartholomew Higgins,

Hind Clerk, William Hooper Clerk, Robert Harris Hurst Clerk,

Isaac Hurst Clerk, William Harris, William Hart. William Hill, William Henfman, Bufwell Henfman, Samuel Hill, John Hennell, Henry Henfman,

Thomas Belton Hodgson Clerk, Samuel Ijled, George Ijted, John IJlip, John Kipling, Thomas Kidman, John Knight, Henry Ryder Knapp Clerk', Thomas Knight, John Keep, William Kerr M. D., Join Leighton, William Drury Lowe, Robert Lee, Matthew Lee, Richard Lee, John Linnell, the Right Honourable Lord Frederick Montagu, the Right Honourable Charhs William Wentworth Fitzwilliam commonly called Lord Viscount Milton,

John Madocks Clerk, Macquetn M. D., John Macham, Thomas

Orlebar Marsh Clerk, Thomas Maxey, William Maxey, Benjamin Mather,

Archibald Morton, Abraham Mee, William Lockwood Maydwell Clerk, Samuel Mums, Luke Nunnelly, Richard Orlebar senior, Richard Orlebar junior, John Orlebar, Sir George Osborne Baronet, John Osborne, Thomas Paine, Joseph Paine, Emery Palmer, Reger Parry, Joseph Pawfey, William Pickering, Wil'iam Palmer, William Porter, William By well, Charles Proby Clerk, Joseph Robinson, John Tule Rodick Clerk, Archibald Rodick, John Rogers, Benjamin Rogers, the Right Honourable Francis Russell commonly called The Marquis of TaviJlock, the Right Honourable William George Russell commonly called Lord William George Russell, the Right Honourable William Russell commonly called Lord William Russell, the Right Honourable John Russell commonly called Lord John Russell, Sir George Robinson Baronet, George Robinson, William Villiers Rcbinfon Clerk, Charles Robinson Clerk, John Rogers, John Robinson, Samuel Robinson, Joseph Robinson, Thomas Rcbinfon, Castle Sherard Clerk, Thomas Strange, Joseph Sibley, Thomas Sparke, John Sawell, the Honourable Saint Andrew Saint John, the Honourable George Saint John, Lovell Stonebanks, William Swan-nell, John Grove Spurgeon Clerk, Stephenson Clerk, Orlebar Smith,

Richard Stevens, Thomas Smith, Samuel Sharman, John Satchel!, John Sutton Clerk, Samuel Sharman of Hardwick, Jarvis Tbbitts, Neville Tcmlinson, Charles Tibbitts, Robert Talbot, John Talbot, Edward Tanquery Clerk,

Charles Tanquery Clerk, John Taffell, the Honourable John Trevor, Robert Trevor, John Harvey Thu fby. Rice Verity, William Wray, Thomas Ward Clerk, Saint John Livefay Wagftaffc, Ward Clerk, John Ward,

Samuel Whitbread, Thomas Whitworth, Richard Williams Clerk, John Wing,

William Wootton senior, William Wootton junior, Samuel Wright, John Wallis, Thomas Whatley Clerk, William Wilson, Ralph Wilson, Edward Ward, Joseph Wright, Christopher Wilson, Matthew Wilson, John Warner, SamuA Wallis, Samuel Wright, Edmund Wallis, Owen Wallis, Allen Edward Young, John Young Clerk, and William Yorke, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed, by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, for putting the fame and this Act into Execution; and the Trustees herein nominated, and their Successors,

(beimz qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act), are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the said recited Acts and of this present Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed Trustees by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts.

528 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

"roll?

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commence-

pealed'’ ment of this Act, the Tolls payable in and by the said recited Act of the and others Twenty-fh ft Year of His present Majesty, for and upon all Horl'es, granted. Mares, Geldings, Mules, or Asses drawing Carriages, and ior Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, and for Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable j and that in lieu thereof, the following Tolls shall be demanded and taken before any Carriages drawn by Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or AITes, or before any Oxen, Cows, or other Neac Cattle, Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, upon and across the said Road, or upon and across any Lane or Way leading into the fame* that is to say.

For every HoYe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, drawing any Carriage whatsoever, the Sum of Sixpence

For every Score of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cartle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence, and so in Proportion for any lesser Number: And,

For every Score of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny, and so in Proportion for any Idler Number.

To repeal the

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That so much of the the* habn of fa,d recited Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty, as ant sot h ^ham exempts the Inhabitants of Higham Ferrers from paying Toll for the pals-jniying Toii" ,n- any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages through the Toll Gate or Turnpike erected between the South End of the Town of Higham Ferrers and the Road leading to Wellingborough, shall be and is hereby repealed.

Trustees may alter the Situation of Turnpikes.

Trustefs to

hold their General or Special Meetings at Higham Ferrers, &c.

For altering the Rate of Interest-

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, at a Special Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, shall have Power to alter the Situation of Toll Gates or Turnpikes upon the said Road, and to pull down and rebuild the lame, and to erect such Side Gates as to them may seem proper, (any Exceptions in the said recited Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding); of which Meeting Notice shall be given One Month at the least previous thereto, upon all the Toll Gates er Turnpikes upon the said Road, and Twice at the lead in the Newspaper usually circulated in the Counties through which the Line of the laic) Road pastes: Provided nevertheless, that it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to erect any Toll Gate or Turnpike in Higham Ferrers North of the present Turnpike or Toll Gate now standing at the South End of Higham Ferrers aforesaid, and South of the Road leading to Kim-bolton; any Thing in this Act or the said recited Acts contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Trustees shall be, and are heriby authorized and empowered, to hold their General or

Special Meetings for the Purpose of carrying the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, at the Town of Higham F.rrers, or at any other Place Upon the Line of the said Road, which they shall judge more convenient.

VI/. And whereas it is proper that the said Trustees should for the future be empowered to allow a greater Rate of Interest for the Money to

be

529

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

be borrowed than they are authorized to do by the said first recited Act j be it therefore further enabled, That so much of the said first recited Act, as limits the Rate of interest of any Money which shall be borrowed by the said Trustees, shall be and is hereby repealed; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to allow and pay to any Person or Persons who may hereafter have any Money so cured on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or th:s present Act, such Rate of Interest for all such Money as aforesaid, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time think proper, not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, other than those employed in the Repairs of the said Road, shall take away any Materi Is which have been digged, gathered, or collected in any Lands or Grounds, or on the Sides of the said Road, or shall get or take any Material, out of aov Fit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purple of getting Materials for the said Road, before the Surveyors thereof or iheir Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of On Month, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occup er to get Materials therein), ever* Person so offend ng shall, for every such Orfence, forfeic and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor lets > han Ten Shillings, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as the P-nalcies and Forfeitures by the said recited Acts are directed to be recovered and applied.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Coverr, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case, the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, tn the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Gcncal of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thceof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, (food settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Con-

££sc. £5? Per.j 6 S veyance

To prevent

Materials being *aken awj).

Application of Coin pent.* cion Money when amounting t® *oo /.

53°

Application where the Compensation is Ids than aoo/. and exceeds 20 /.

Application where the Money is less than 20 /.

For paying the . xpences T the Act.

GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

veyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Eflredl; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accounranr General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of she Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so apieed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid inco the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends anfing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for > he Purp fcs of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any hive or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Commictdes, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the procuring and obtaining of this Act, together with lawful Interest for the fame, from the Time of advancing the _ fame till the Time of Payment, shall be paid and satisfied by the said

Truflkes»

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 36. 531

Trustees; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby directed and required to order and direct the Payment of the said Charges and Expences, with Interest as aforesaid, out of the first Monies that shall be collected, borrowed, or received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments and Disbursements whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and publick Act taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Commence-take Place from and immediately after the Eighth Day of May One thou- "^ntinuMce land eight hundred and two, and shall continue in Force for and during of the Act. the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then

next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaNj Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

- is&ifexii1

< t*. JjTiii'T ,f,3

S' k i

3f^>

-. K?

omi83qahcjaup owiha

>1 -:

JJ I

miwn m

,4*. >.T,fty>rji.Tf l«» . . f 2/ ,4

Ii.."': ! 3:; 0.1 FS10J

.. >2*?- —-hiir, .>;i<11 ill; fc&faHc j! tl> ^niuahaoat toI ftA nA b ish.cj '>*t A > ’t»i'( !r ?Tjy.'.‘1 aril ^nigt/jf-rs

u, "i q n i< 4 jn&ttq *iH 1u

' ysu- '* I. ‘ \ 9fit < :Sk.-; b«, H <sKf

l*Mf; ‘ W JTi- -,) 5*f* ;.vf&

' i,n HH ’ fe»

ita'A <*1 yfflAw W

E

.».V'

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

* * '

Cap. 37.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three several Acts pasted in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Toll Gate in the Parish of Kettering, through the Town of Wellingborough', in the County of Northampton, and through Olney, over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks; and for repairing and widening or rebuilding the said Sherrington Bridge.

[30th April 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Ati for repairing and widening the Road leading from the *7 Geo. and "Toll Gate in the Parish of Kettering, through the Town of Wellingbo- Geo"?.1' rough, in the County of Northampton, and through Olney, cwr Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks; and for repairing and widening or rebuilding the said Sherrington Bridge: And whereas [ Loc. & Per.] 6 T another

534

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

another Act was made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of H s present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the Rid recited Act: And whereas another Act was made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enable the Trustees fm executing the said Ttvo «e-c.ied AOs to take down the Turnpike created in Sherrington Field, in the said County of Bucks, and to rrm ve the same to the North End of Sherrington Bridge, in the said County: And whereas the Trustees for the Care and Management of the said Road have made g eat Piogrifs in the Repair thereof, anil for that Purpose have borrowed a Considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected thereon; which Money, together with an Arrear of Inrereft (till remains cue; and the fame cannot be repaid, and the said Road amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, (which is near expiring) be further continued, the Tolls incteased, and tome of the Provisions thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; an . be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conieiit of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Purl'ument Aits further afTrmbled, and by the Aucho'ity of the fame, Thar, from and imme-conurae . <Jjate]y ,fter t|)e Commencement of this Act, the Term granted by the said recited Acts shall be repealed; and that the said recited Affs, and all the Gaelics, Powers, Authorities Provifi n% Exemptions, Penahies, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and also such as relite to Exemption from Stamp Duties), shall be and temain in full Force and Effect, and together with this present Act shall be put in Execution for the several Purposes thereby and hereby intended, for and during the Term herein after granted, as fully and effectually in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the hame were expressly repeated and re-enactetl in the Body of this present Act; which said Term hereby granted shall be, and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts, cr which shall or may hereafter be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts and of this Act, and all Inte-rtft due and to become due for the fame respectively.

For appoint. II- And be it further enacted, That Thomas Aft on, JuJlinian Alfton, Row-Trust«s'IOnal ^ant^ Robert Andrew, Robert Andrew junior, John Andrew, John Army-

tags, George Anderson Clerk, Robert Abbey, the Honourable Edward Bouvtrie, Edward Bouverie, Leonard Burton, Robert JViliis BUncowe, Edward Bay-ley L. L. D. Henry Boss, Richard Barker, James Beale, Richard Booth, Rickard Brooke De Cofell Brooke, William Bitbrcy, John Bitbrey, Charles Bletfoe, John Beudier Clerk, William Ralph Cartwright, the Honourable William Cockayne, Adam Carrie senior, Adam Carrie junior, James Corbett, Joseph Cla k, James Cobb, Charles Chester, John English Dolben, U illiam Somerst Dolben, Francis George Dickins, Frederick John Dukins, Joseph Dent, Thomas Fletcher, John Fletcher, James Gibbs Clerk, Robert Garjlin, Thomas Gosse, Joseph Guljlcn, Sir Robert Gunning Baronet, George William Gunning, William Hardwick of Olney, Bartholomew Higgins, Joseph Har-i old, John Higgins junior, James Hale, Henry Henfman, Thomas Bolton Hedy fan Clerk, Sir JuJlinian IJham Baronet, JuJlinian Ifham, Vere lsham Clerk, Samuel IJled, George Ifled, Eufeby Ifham Clerk, Edward Jones Clerk, Edward Jones junior, Clerk, Francis Jones Clerk, William Kerr, M. D.

John

535

24° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

John Kipling, Charles Knigitley, John Knight ley Clerk, Sir William Lang-bam Baionc , 'Thomas Cecil Matmfell, Ramis Montgomery Cttrk, Joseph Manning feninr, Denis Mooie M. D. William Lotkwocd MoycTwell Clerk,

Dawkins Manse I MnnfelJ, Richard Orltbar, Richard Or'char junior.

Join Orltbar, Sir /ch:i Pa'.mtr Baronet, Thomas Pc Inter, John Palmer, the Honoi rahlt- Spen er Percrva', Littleton Potvis Clerk, Cta les Proly Clerk, Henry Porin.g.'on Cieik, James Backw/I P< aed. Sir Ceorie Robin-fen Baro- er, George Rcbinjon, William Vdliers Robinson Cl~rk, Charles Ro-birtfon Clcik, Laughton Rokcby Link, John Rose, Samuel Shaman of Hardwick, Themes Sanderson, Th.mas Scriien, John Hale Talbot, John Haney Thurjby, William Thurjbv, Charles Tibbitts, John Barber Tuck, Sir William Wake Baronet, Thomas Wh alley C'etk, Philip Tloddle Ward, William Wi’son,

Ralph Wilfn, John Wat fan, Edmund Wallis, John Wyn er Clerk, Allen Edward Tcung, and Join Toung Clerk, shall be and they are hertby added to anti joined wuh the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance ot tile laid recited Acts, for putting the lame and this Act into Execution , and the Trusters herein nominated, and their Successors ^being qualified according to the

Directions of the find fiift recited Act); are hereby empowered 10 aft in the Execution of the said recited Act.» and of this present Act,-as fully and effectually, to all Inttnts and Purposts, as if they had been appointed Trustees, by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts.

III. And be it hither enacted, That from and after the Commence- T0’1 0,1 Car-ment of this Act, the Toll granted in and by the find recited Act of the ^fre^Tied’ Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, aorf"ao:,mtr* Mule, Als, Ox, Bullock, or ether Cattle, drawing any Carriage, shall sr,uiud-cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that in lieu

thereof, the following Toll shall be demanded and taken before any Horse or other Bealf, drawtng any Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate erected or to be erected by virtue of the find recited Acts or this Act upon and across the said Road, or upon and across any Lanecr Way leading into the fame; that is to say.

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock, or other Cattle, drawing any Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, Empowering or any Nine or more of them, at a Special Meeting to be holden for that S riurthr* Purpose, shall have Power to alter the Situation of Toll Gates or Turn- Situation of pikes upon the said Road, and to pull down and rebuild the fame, and ^to^rcc’t to erect such Side Gates as to them may seem proper, of which Meeting side Gates. Notice shall be given One Month at the lead previous thereto, upon all

the Toll Gates or Turnpikes upon the said Road, and Twice at the lead in the Newspaper usually circulated in the Counties through which the Line of the said Road pafles; any Thing in the said recited Acts or this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And whereas it is proper that the said Trustees should for the fu- For altering ture be empowered to allow a greater Rate of Intered for the Money to

be borrowed than they are authorized to do by the said fird recited Act , be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said fird recited Act as limits the Rate of Intel ed of any Money which shall be borrowed by the said Trustees, shall be and is hereby repealed; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to allow and pay to any Person or Persons who may hereafter have any Money secured on the

Credit

536

To prevent

Materials being taken away.

Appliration of Compenfa-t.on Money when amounting to »oo/

42° GEORGII lit. Cap. 37.

Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collect.d by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or this present Act, such Rate of Incercft for all such Money as aforesaid as the said 1 rustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time think proper, not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, other than those employed in the Repairs of the said Road, shall lake away any Materials which have been digged, gathertd, or collcded in any Lands or Grounds, or on the Sides of the said Road, or shall get or take any Materials out of any Pit cr Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting Ma'erials for the said Road, before the Surveyors thereof or their Workmen fb 11 have discontinued working therein for the Space of One Month ^except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein), every Person lo < Sending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as the Penalties and Forfci.ures by the said recited Acts are directed to be recovered and applied.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or ufrd by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong tu any Corporation, Feme Cov<rr, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first: recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be figrified by an Order m.tdc upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Ufts, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capaole of taking Effect , and in the mean Time and until such Furchale shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds

537

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Perf ms who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case fuclt Purchas or Settlement were made.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be figmfied in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directd -, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before di-reded, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the procuring and obtaining of this Act, together with lawful Interest for the fame, trom the Time of advancing the fame till the Time of Payment, shall be paid and satisfied by the said Trustees; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby directed and requited to order and direct the Payment of the said Charges and Expences, with Interest as aforesaid, out of the First Monies that shall be collcded, border. fisf Per.] 6 U rowed.

Application where the Compensation it leE than zoo/, and exceeds zo I.

Application where the Money is less than to I.

For paying Expences of the Act.

538

?ublick Act.

Comnence-ment and Continuance of the Act-

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

rowed, or received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments and Disbursements whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, and taken to be a publick Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place from and immediately after the Eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, and shall continue in Force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End or the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON; Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

3

1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 38.

An Act for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Horse Fair, in the Town of Banbury in the County of Oxford, through Swalcliffe in the said County of Oxford, and through Brailes in the County of Warwick, to the Bridge eroding the River Stour, in the Parish of Barchefion in the said County of Warwick.

[30th April 1802.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Horse Fair, in the Town of Banbury, through Swalcliffe in the County of Oxford, and Brailes in the County of War. wick, to the Bridge eroding the River Stour in the Parish of Barchefion, in the said County of Warwick, is very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be properly amended, widened, turned, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Lawj may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s mod Excelk-nt Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, I Lee. Gf Per.'] 6 X That

542

Trustett

Other Trustees to he chosen, cn Death or Ke-futal to ait.

4-2° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

That John Adkins, Edward Bannifer, Edmund Baldwin, John Bed; John Byrkin Bellamy, Charles Bishop, William Bishop, Oldfield Bowles, Charles Bowles, Richard Brain, Bartholomew Churchill, Carter, William Ralph Cartwright, John Cafwell Clerk, Richard Cautley Clerk, Richard Chapman, Bartholomew Churchill, Samuel Churchill, Henry Churchill, Benjamin Churchill Clerk, ‘Thomas Cobb, Timothy Cobb, Thomas Cobb the younger, Michael Ctrgan, Samuel Cox, William Curteis, Whitfield Curteis Clerk, Sir Henry Wat kin Dashwood Baronet, Henry Dashwood, John Davis, Harry Davis Clerk, Edward Dix, Nicholas Peter Dobree Clerk, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn Baronet, Nicholas Earle Clerk, Philip Evar.s, John Fane, John Faulkner Clerk, Francis Findon, Fisher Clerk, Charles Fortnam, Thomas Freeman,

William Gillett, Stephen Godson, Richard Godson, James Golby. James Wake Golby, James Graham, Thomas Graham, John Griffin, Joseph Harris, Robert Hatton, John Hatton, William Haynes, Wiliam Hemmings, Richard Heydon, Richard Hinckley Clerk, William Hitchcox, William Horniblow, Richard Holtom, Joseph Huntley, Edward Jenkinson Clerk, Jones Doctor in Divinity, James King, John Lamb Doctor in Divinity, Joseph Lamb, Anthony Lampet, Lionel Lampet, William 1 oggin Clerk, William Loggin, Edward Marshall Clerk, John Maffiey Clerk, Jehoiada Meads, William Misler, Sir John Mordaunt Baronet, the Honourable Francis North the Honourable Frederick North, Dudley North, Francis Page, Michael Pettipher, William Preedy, Benjamin Freedy John Preedy. Thomas Richardson, Michael Roche, David Samman, Ralph Sheldon, William Sheldon, Edward Sheldon, John Shorter, Thomas Snow, Joseph Snow, the Honourable Francis Almuree Spencer commonly called Lord Francis Almuree Spencer, Joseph Spencer, James Spicer, George Frederick Stratton. John Stratton, Miles Tenant, Gore L own fend, Fiennes Trotman, James Upton, William Vincent. William Walford, Edward Gibbs Walford Clerk, George Warmington, John Warmington Robert Weston, Samuel Wheatley, John Wheatley, William Wilkes, Sebastian Wilkes, John Wilkes, Joseph Williams, Charles Wyatt, the Mayor, Aldermen, capital Burgesses, and Town Clerk of the Borough of Banbury for the Time being, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That when any of the Trustees herein-before named, or to be elected as herein-after mentioned, shall die or refuse to act, or be disqualified, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to elect and appoint One other Person in the Room of every Trustee so dying or refusing to act, or becoming disqualified; but Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election, shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates which, by virtue of this Act, shall be then erected and set up, and by Advertisement in some Newspaper or Newspapers printed or circulated in the said Counties of Oxford and Warwick, at least Ten Days before every such Meeting; and every Person who shall be so elected and appointed, is hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities for putting this Act in Execution, as any Trustee hereby appointed is veiled with.

4

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, whillt he holds any Place of Profit under the fame, nor in any particular Cafe wherein lie shall be personally interested, other than as a Creditor; nor shall any Person be qualified to act as a Trustee, unless he shall, at the Time of his acting, be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person having such Estate of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount of Eight hundred Pounds, nor until he shall have taken and subscribed, before any Two or moie of the said Trustees, (who are hereby authorized to administer the same), an Oath, or being a Quaker, a solemn Affirmation, in the Words or to the Effect following , (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, [«r, being a Quaker do solemnly affirm]] That I ‘ truly and bona fide am, in my own Right, [or, in the Right of my

WifeJ in the actual Possession and Enjoyment [or, Receipt] of the

Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the 1 clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds above Reprizes, or, am possessed of, or entitled to, a Personal Estate of the Value of Eight hundred Pounds, after all my Debts are paid, or, am the Heir Apparent of

A.B. who, to the belt of my Knowledge, is seised of a Real Estate of ‘ Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of

One hundred Pounds.

So help me GOD.’

And if any Person disqualified by any of the causes aforesaid, or not being qualified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is so qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that such Acts and Proceedings as shall have been done and performed by any such Person, touching the Execution of this Act, previous to his being convicted of the Offence before mentioned, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

IV. Provided always, That any Mortgagee or Assignee of any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of any of the Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Interest thereout for the fame, shall not on that Account be deemed unqualified to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

543

Qun’ification of Trulletl.

Oath.

Penalty on acting, if not qualified.

Mortgagee!

may act.

544

Trullees may lue and he lued in the Name of their Clek or Clerks.

Trullees First Meeting.

Trullees to pay their own sixpences.

Orders to be made at Meetings only, and the Majority to fcontur.

Trullees be. ing Janices, mty art as such.

May admini. Her O th-.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being; and that no Action to be brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Clerks, or by the Act of such Clerk or Clerks, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but that the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant, 1'laintiffs or Defendants in such Actions or Suits, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Clerks shall be reimbursed, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he or they shall be put unto or become chargeable with by Reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Defendant, Plaintiffs or Defendants.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet together at the House of James Upton, known by the Name of The George Inn, in Lower Brailes in the County of Warwick aforesaid, on the Tuesday Fortnight next after the passing of this Act, or as soon as conveniently may be afterwards, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall then, and from Time to Time after, adjourn themselves to meet at such Time, and at such Place or Places near the said Road, as they shall think proper; and that Two Trustees present at any Meeting shall be sufficient for the Purpose of adjourning; and that if at any Meeting the re shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, or to adjourn to another Day, or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall not adjourn themselves, then and in every such Case the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees shall adjourn the Meeting to the Place where the lad Meeting was appointed to have been held or was held, as the Case may be, and to such Time as he or they shall think fit, not exceeding Twenty-one Days nor less than Ten Days from the Time of the last Default, and shall give Notice thereof by Writing to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then erected by virtue of this Act; and in case no Adjournment, Notice, or Appointment shall be made or given as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for any Five of the said Trustees to cause Notice in Writing to be affixed cn all the Turnpike Gates then erected by virtue of this Act, appointing the Trustees to meet at such Time and such Place in or near the said Road, as they the said Five Trustees shall think proper, not exceeding as to the Time Three Weeks nor less than Ten Days, from the Time of affixing such Notice; and the Trustees shall at their several Meetings defray their own Expences; and all Orders and Determinatons of the Trustees, in the Execution of this Act, shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance thereof, and not otherwise (except in Cafes hereby particularly provided for); and that no Order or Determination shall be valid, unless the major Part of the Trustees present shall concur therein, the whole Number of Trustees present at every such Meeting not being less than the Number of Trustees by this Act authorized to make such Order or Determination; and that all such Trustees as are in the Commission of the Peace may act as Justices in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees (except in such Cases where they shall be personally interested); and in all Cafes where the Trustees, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace are authorized to examine any Person or Persons on Oath or Affirmation, it shall be lawful

545

4 2° GEORGII III. Gap, 38.

lawful for such Trustees, or Justice or Justices, so ad^pinifler such Oath or Affirmaiian; and that no Order made by Five or more Trustees shall Orders not to bq revoked or altered, unless Nine Trustees shall be present, and the butby^Tyuf major Part of them concur therein at a Meeting t^be held for that Pur- tees. 9 ' pole, of which intended Alteration Fourteen Diys Notice shall be given at a. previous Meeting of the Trustees, and entered in their Book of Proceedings; and such Notice shall be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates which, by virtue of this AQ, shall be then erefled Ten Days at lead before such Meeting.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after any such Meetings on Adjournment, it shall at any Time hereafter be thought necessary that an E’"CTgenclt,‘ earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, the Clerk or Clerks, by an Order in Writing, signed by Five or more of the afling Trustees (although not assembled'at a Meeting), mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting, in the Manner lait herein-before directed, such Time not being less than Fourteen Days after such Notice; and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings, shall be as valid as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of an Ajournment.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of orders,//c the Trustees shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that to C€llteit Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the Trustees making the same, or by their Clerk or Clerks; which Book or Books, and also the Book or Books herein-after directed to be kept for registering Mortgages and Assignments, or Transcripts thereof, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Officers to be Five or more of them, shall and may from Time to Time, by "PP0111*'1*-Writing under their Hands, appoint One or more Clerk or Clerks,

Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor and Surveyors of the said Roads, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers, and on the Death or Deaths, Removal or Removals of such Officer or Officers, may appoint others in their Stead; but Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in Manner last aforesaid of every Meeting where any such Appointment shall be made, after the First Meeting of the said Trustees; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries, and make such Allowances to such Officers and other Persons employed, for their Services in or about the amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road, or any Part thereof, or otherwise in putting this Act in Execution, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think reasonable.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or Treasurer to more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to s‘ve Security-take such Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers, and Collectors and Receivers of the Tolls to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for \Jjic. is3 Per.] 6 T the

5-4-6

No Victualler to hold a Place of Profit.

Officers to account on

Oath.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem meet; and that no Person shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit under this Act, who shall fell Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail.

XI. And be it furthef enacted, That all such Officers, and all other Persons, shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons a» they shall respectively for that Purpose appoint, a true and ptrfeft Account in Writing, under their respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, collected, or received by virtue of this Act, and how and to whom, and for what Purposes the fame, and every Part thereof, hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall verify the Accounts upon Oath, or being a Quaker, upon solemn Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer), and such Officers and Persons shall, and they are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies as, upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts, shall appear to be in their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same; and if any of the said Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to render and give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof on Oath or Affirmation, or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands, when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid, or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Fourteen Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their respective Custody or Power, anyways relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Road, and Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Refusal to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, shall live and reside, by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons on their Behalf, such Justice may, and is hereby authorized and required, to fumnton such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to appear before him, and upon his or their appearing or not appearing, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in such Manner as the said Trustees might have done; and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been so collected or received, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of levying the fame, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place by him appointed for that Purpose, (except for some reasonable Excuse), or if appearing, shall

refuse

547

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

refuse or neglect to give and deliver to the said Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truth of such Accounts, or of the Articles thereof, upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Road, then and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, the said Justice may, and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he or they shall live and reside, there ro remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have delivered in and settled his or their Accounts, and have Verified the fame on Oath or Affirmation, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, as shall in that respect have been made, or until he or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the fame, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, (and which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby in such Case empowered to makej, or until he or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but no such Officer or other Person who shall be committed on Account of his not having sufficient Goods and Chattels as aforesaid, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Time than Six Calendar Months.

XII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls shall neglect or be incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, any Five or more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting of the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and may lawfully discharge such Collector or Receiver; and in such Case, and also if any such Collector or Receiver shall die, such Trustees as aforesaid, shall and may nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the Trustees, which Person, so nominated and appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner, in all Respects, as the Person w'ho shall die or be discharged would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his said Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person, (halt refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building to be ereCied or set up by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Ten Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, by any Three or more of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, then and in any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Toll House or Building shall be situated, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order

Tfte!>s t# appoint tempo* ary Collectors.

‘ 54-8

Turn pikes to be eieited.

Power to take Tolls*

TwU«.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

order any Constable or other Peace Officer for the same County or Place, with such Afiiltance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day Time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Two of them, or their new appointed Officer, into the Possession thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may erect and set up, and build, or cause to be erected, set up, and built upon, in, or across the said Road, and also across any Lane or Lanes, Way or Ways, leading into the fame, such ai)d so many Gates or Turnpikes, and a Toll House to each Gate or Turnpike, with Outbuildings suitable thereto, and take in and inclose on the Sides , of the said Road convenient Garden Spots for each Toll House, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, and direct or appoint, and may cause any such Gates, Turnpikes, Tod; Hpufes, or other Buildings, from Time to Time to be taken down, removed, or altered, as they, or any Five or more of them, shall adjudge proper; and that the several Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at each of the Gates or Turnpikes, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse, £attle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say).

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock, or other feeaft of Draught, drawing any Carriage, any Sum not exceeding Four-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and

not drawing, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, any Sum not exceeding Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number

For every Drove of Calves, Pigs, Sheep, or Lambs, any Sum not exceeding Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll, and shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees* to be applied as herein-after is directed; and if any Person or Per foils l'u bj eel to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid to collect such Tolls, b-y himfeff or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he or they shall think necessary, (and which Assistance all Persons are hereby required to give if called upon), to seize and distrain any Horses or other Cattle or Beasts, upon which such Tolls are by this Act imposed, together with their Bridles, Saddles, Gears, Harness, or Accoutrements, or a sufficient Part thereof; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress, shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days after such Distress made, the Person or Persons so distraining shall and may fell the Horse or Horses, Cattle, ctr other Things so distrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, rendering the Overplus, (if any be), and wffiat shall remain unfold, upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and reasonable Charges

549

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

for making such Distress, and keeping and felling the fame, shall be deduced and paid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person distraining to retain the fame, or the Money arising by Sale thereof, as the Case may happen, until the Quantity of Polls due, and the Charges of making such Distress, and of keeping and felling the lame, shall be al'certained by some Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where such Toll shall be incurred or such Distress taken, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter, on Oath or Affirmation of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and determine the Quantity of the Tolls due, and also afiefs the Charges of such Distress, Keeping, and Sale, and also of the Collector’s Attendance for that Purpose on the said Justice; all which Sums so determined or assessed, shall be paid to the said Collector or other Person, before he shall be obliged to return the Distress, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be and are hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall have paid the Tolls by this Act granted for the passing of any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, through any Gate or Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act, shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any further Toll for passing through the fame Gate or Turnpike with the fame Cattle or Carriage, at any Time or Times during the same Day, to be computed, from Twelve of the Clock in One Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis, if demanded, on Payment of such Tolls.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to leflfen, vary, or alter all or any Part or Parts of such Tolls at all, any, or either of the said Turnpike Gates, and to raise the fame again, so as they do not exceed the Tolls by this Act granted; but no such Alteration, Variation, or Re-dudion shall be made, unless Notice in Writing be given for that Purpose, by affixing the fame upon all the Turnpike Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act, at leaf! Ten Days before the Meeting for making fuel Reduction; nor shall any such Reduction be made without the Confen of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to Two Thirds of the Money which shall have been borrowed, and be then due and owing on the Credit of the said Road; and such Tolls so lessened, varied, or altered, shall be collected, recovered, and applied in the same Manner

[Loc. £3* Per.'} 6 Z as

Disputes concerning Tolls to be settled by a Juliice.

Collectors of Tolls competent WicuctTes.

Tolls to be paid but Once a Day.

Tolls may be lessened, varied, or altered.

55°

Exemption from Tolls-

Penalties on Perltns claiming Exemptions unlaw* fully.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be charged with or liable to pay any of the said Tolls for the Partage of any Cattle or Carriage which shall be used or employed in the Carriage of Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for making or repairing of the said Road, or any other Roads or Highways within any of the Parishes, Hamlets, or Places within which the said Road lies, or in the Carriage of any Earth, Dung, Mould, Lime for Manure, or other Comport; for manuring of Gardens, Lands, or Grounds within any of the Parishes, Hamlets, or Places in which the said Road lies, or in the Carriage of any Grass, Hay, Fodder, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, or dead Hedgewood, or with other Produce of Lands not sold or disposed of, or going to be sold or disposed of, but parting to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or Yards of the Owner or Owners thereof, in any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, such Dung, Mould, Manure, or other Comport, Grass, Hay, Fodder, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, or dead Hedgewood, or other Produce of Lands, being the Growth and Produce of Lands held and occupied by such Owner and Owners respectively, and carried for their own proper Use and Consumption; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for the parting or repassing of any Plough, Harrow, or other Implements of Husbandry, or any Thing whatsoever that shall be used in Husbandry, or in manuring or flocking of Land; nor for any Horse or other Cattle going to or from Plough or Harrow, Water or Pasture, or to be shod or farried in any Parish, Hamlet, or Place within which any Gate or Turnpike shall be erected; nor for the Horses of any Officers or Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or for any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage attending them, laden with their Arms or Baggage; or for Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, travelling with Vagrants lent with legal Partes; nor for any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, Chair, or other Carriage, or Cattle drawing the fame; or Persons on Horseback going to or returning from any Lleftion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the County of Oxford or Warwick, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; nor for any Horses or Carriages, of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying or guarding the fame; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners; nor from any Person or Persons going to or returning from Fis, her, or their proper Parish or parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship on Sundays, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes, Hamlets, or Places through which the said Road leads; and if any Person shall claim or take the benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor leis *3 than

551

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

than Ten Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, with any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, pass through or over any Land, Ground, or Place, lying by the Side of or near to any Part of the said Road, or if any Person or Persons owning or occupying any such Land, Ground, or Place, the fame not being a publick Highway, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pass with any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, through or over the fame, whereby the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or shall give to or receive of any other Person or Persons, any Note or Ticket by this Act directed to be given by the Collector of the Tolls; or if any Person or Persons shall take off or cause to be taken oft' any Horse or other Bead from any Carriage, or having passed through any Turnpike shall afterwards add or put any Horse or other Bead to any such Carriage, with an Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, or if any Person or Persons diall do any other Act in order or with Intent to avoid the Payment thereof, or any Part thereof, every such Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall for each Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

To prevent evading the Tolls;

or tiicing off Cattle from any Carriage to avoid Payment of Toll.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trusteet Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to compound polnd0^ and agree with any Person or Persons for the passing of any Carriages, Tolls. Horses, Beads, or other Cattle, travelling on the said Road, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect thereof, for any Term not exceeding One Year, at any One Time, which Composition Money shall be paid in Advance, Quarterly or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think fit; and in Default of such Payment, the Composition or Agreement with the Person or Persons making such Default shall from thenceforth be void, and all such Composition Money shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls are hereby directed to be applied.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trotters Trustees, or any Five or more of them, upon Thirty-one Days Notice to '^xo!ls. be given thereof upon all the said Turnpike Gates then erected by virtue of this Act, and advertising the fame in some Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to let or farm the Tolls arising by this Act, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to take or farm the fame from Year to Year, or for any Part of the Term hereby granted, not exceeding Three Years at any One Letting, upon publick Bidding to the highed Bidder, and for the bed Price such Trustees can get for the fame, payable at such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Covenants, and with such Sureties for the Payment thereof, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them,

shall think fit; which Money so to be paid shall be applied and disposed of as the Tolls granted by this Act are directed to be applied and disposed of.

552

Turnpikes to be velted in Trustees.

For borrowing Money.

Form of Assignment.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all the Turnpike Gates, Bars, Rails, and Fences, Toll Houses and Buildings, which shall be erected by virtue of this Act, with their Appurtenances, and of the Materials for building or repairing the fame, and for completing and repairing the said Road, and all other Materials made Use of for the Purposes of this Act, or collected to be made Use of, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trullees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to dispose of the same as they shall think proper, and to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors, or to prefer or cause to be preferred any Bill or Bills of In-distment against any Person or Persons who shall (leal, take away, break, or damage the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, or disturb them, or their Agents or Servants in the Possession thereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to borrow or take up at Interest, upon the Credit of the Tolls payable by virtue of this Act, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, and to mortgage and assign the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Turnpike Gates and Toll Houses for collecting the fame (the Colls and Charges of such Mortgages to be paid out of such Tolls respectively), to any Person or Persons, or their Trullees, who shall advance or lend their Monies thereon for any Time or Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums of Money that shall be so borrowed, and the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by the following Words under their Hands and Seals, or by any other Words to the like Effect; videlicet:

dY virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of

His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [Here set forth the

« Title of this Act\ We of the Trustees for the said

Road, in Consideration of the Sum of to the

Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Road in Hand paid, do grant, bar-

gain, fell, and demise unto A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and ‘ Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising from the said Road, and ‘ of the Turnpike Gates and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole

‘ Sum due and owing on the Credic thereof, or charged upon the Term ‘ of the said Act, to be had and holden from this

Day of in the Year of our Lord

for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum

‘ of with Interest at the

4 Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be

sooner paid and satisfied."

And that Copies of all such Mortgages and Assignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; but no Money shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls after the First Meeting, unless Notice be for that Purpose affixed in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected by virtue of this Act, at lead Twenty-one Days before the borrowing thereof, and the Intention thereof be also advertised, Twice at lead, in some Newspaper or Newspapers

553

4-2° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Newspapers usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Alignment shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the fame, is and are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to assign over or transfer such Security or Securities, or any Share thereof, and all or any Part of the Monies due thereon, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by signing an Instrument to be annexed to such Security, or by an Indorsement on the fame, in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect; videlicet:

‘ t A.B. do hereby transfer the within Mortgage \jf by Indorsement, or,

if by a separate lnfirument, a certain Mortgage] bearing Date the

Day of of the Tolls arising on the Road

« to be amended, widened, turned, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, by virtue of an Act made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of

King George the Third, intituled \lnfert the Title of this Act'] and all

my Right and Title to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, unto C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this , Day of A. B.’

All which Transfers shall be produced or notified to the said Clerk or Clerks within Twenty-one Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, specifying the Dates, and the Names, Additions, and Places of Abode of the several Parties, and the Sum or Sums of Money therein transferred, for which the said Clerk or Clerks shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, by the Person or Persons to whom such respective Transfers shall be made, which said Book or Books shall and may be inspected at all seasonable Times by any Person or Persons whomsoever, and the Sum of One Shilling and no more shall be paid to such Clerk or Clerks for every such Inspection; and after such Entry made, but not till then, every such Transfer shall entitle such Assignee, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties, and it shall not be in the Power of any Person, who shall have made any such Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the original Mortgage or Assignment, or any Monies due thereon.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be given so any Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, his, her, or their Assignee or Assigns, in rel'pest to Priority of the Mortgage or Assignment, or of advancing such Sum or Sums of Money; but that all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, his, her, and their Assignee or Assigns, shall be (m Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned) Creditors on this Act, and in equal Degree One with another.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That out of the First Monies that shall be raised by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall pay and discharge all the Expences and Costs relative to the procuring and passing this Act, in Preference to any other Payment whatsoever; and alter Payment thereof all such Money, which shall come

[Ler. ft? Per.^ 7 A to

Form of

i runster.

AH Creditor* to be deemed equal in Degree.

For Payment of the Expences of p-isling this Atf, tfr.

S54

For get-in® Materials to repair the Road.

Notice to Vt given to the Occupiers of Lamls, eu.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

to the Hands of the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, shall be front Time to Time applied in the Execution of this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and all such other Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, gather, and take away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, or repairing the said Road, out of any Walle or Common, River or Brook, in any Parish, Hamlet, or Place, in, adjoining to, or lying near the said Road, or in any neighbouring Parish, Hamlet, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, they the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other I'erlon or Persons filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or doping the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and it sufficient Quantities of Materials cannot be had or found in or upon any such Wafteor Common, River or Brook, then and in such Case the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, search for, dig, gather, and take away any such Materials in and out of the Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons where the fame may be had or found f such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, Fields, or Grounds, where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, or repairing the said Road, shall be carried as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Payments and Damages, any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the County wherein such Fields, Lands, and Grounds shall lie, shall and may, on Six Days Notice thereof being given in Writing by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or by them to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or to be left at their respective Places of Abode, hear, settle, and deter, mine the Matter of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices therein, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Materials for the Purposes of this Act, out of or from any inclosea Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Land Owner or his Agent, or to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at the House, or la It or usual Place of Abode of such Occupier, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or any

One

555

42° GEORGII III. Cap. %8.

One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Place wherein such Premisej shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials should not be had from such Lands or Grounds} and in case such Land Owner, Agent, or Occupier, shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or such Justice or Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Persons to dig, gather, get, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees, or to such Justice or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Land Owner or Occupier shall (except for some reasonable Excuse) neglect or refuse to appear by himself or herself, or Agent, the said Trustees, or such Justice or Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent, had attended.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall take away any Materials which have been dug or gathered in any Lands. Fields, Grounds, Waites or Commons, Rivers or Brooks, for the Purposes of this Act, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Road, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Fourteen Days, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, from Time to Time to remove all Annoyances made on any Part of the said Road, by Timber, Stones, Carriages, Saw Pits, Hovels, Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, Straw, or otherwise, and dispose of the fame for the Benefit of the said Road, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains, running along into or out of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, cleanse, widen, and make deeper any Watercourses or Ditehes adjoining or near thereto, and make the same as deep and large as he or they shall think necessary, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees, Branches, Shrubs, or Bufties growing in the said Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, and to take and carry away the fame respectively, and dispose thereof for the Benefit of the said Road; and to cut and reduce all such Hedges to the Height of Four Feet, in case the Persons occasioning such Annoyances shall neglect to remove the fame, or the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands shall neglect to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or deepen such Watercourses or Ditches, or to lop or top and remove such Boughs, Bushes, or Lops, or reduce inch Hedges, in such Manner as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall require, for the Space of Six Days, or to cut down such Trees within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after Notice in Writing given for those respective Purposes, under the Hand of such Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof (to be settled by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them), shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor or Surveyors, by such Owners or Occupiers, the same to be recovered in such

Manner,

Penalty on taking away Material!.

For removing Annoyances!

556

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Manner, as Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be reco. v^red; and such Owners or Occupiers so neglecting to open, deepen, and cleanse such Watercourses or Ditches, ortpcut and reduce such Hedges within the Time aforesaid, after such Notice given, /halt Ijkewife forfeit for tvery Foot in Length, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings over and beftdes the Charges to be settled as aforesaid; and if after Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every such Person (full for every such fuhfequem'Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings, over and above the Penalty and Charges before mentioned.

in^Timher'"

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ^T1’ draw or cause to be drawn upon any Farr of the said Road, any Tree or Wheel Car Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall fufftr any Part of ar.y Tree, or Piece of Timber, or Stone, which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage, to drag or trail upon any Par. of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum nqt exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or fitch Person or Persons as he or they shall ap-£pint or employ (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose from the said Trustees, or any five or more of them), to make or cause to be made causeways, and also covered or open Drains and Ditches, in and upon or on the Sides of the said Road, and also through any Grounds or Fields lying contiguous thereto, and to scour such Ditches and Drains so as effectually to carry off the Water from any Part of the said Road, and also to make, or cause to be made, a Road through the Grounds or Fields adjoining or lying near to any hollow Way, narrow or ruinous Part of the said Road, (such Ground respectively not being the Ground whereon any House or other Building stands, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any Huufe, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nnrfery for Trees), to be made Use of as a publick Highway, whilst the old Road is repairing or widening, and until such Time as it shall be convenient for Passengers and Carriages to pass along the fame, making such Recompence to the Owners and Occupiers of the private Grounds respectively, for the Damages they shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Tiuitees, or any Five or more of them; but that no Satisfaction shall be made for doing or performing any of the Works aforesaid, upon or through any Common or Waste Ground; and also, by Order of any Five or more of the said Trullees, to build and erect any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, upon any Part or Parts of the said Road, and across any River, Stream, Brook, Water, Ditch, or Drain therein or contiguous thereto, Notice of such Intention to build, Erect, or repair any Bridge, being first given, by affixing the fame on all the Turnpike Gates that shall be then erected by virtue of this Act, at least Twenty-one Days before any Meeting at which such Order to build, erect, or repair any Bridge, shall be made.

To make

causeways, &c. and build or repair Bridget,

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall interrupt or hinder, or cause to be interrupted or hindered, any Turnpike Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons by him or by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, employed in the cutting, digging, gathering, or carrying away of any Sand, Gravel, Chalk, Flints, Stones, or other Materials, or in amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, or repairing the said Road, or in topping, lopping, cutting, or carrying away any Tree, Top, Lop, or Overhangings, or in digging, cleansing, or securing any new or other Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse as aforesaid, or in doing any other Act in or for the Execution of this Act, by virtue of the Powers by this Act given, or any of them, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees; or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to widen or divfert, turn, shorten, vary, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road, and that any Variation of Road may be made through any Common or Waste Ground without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private Grounds or other Hereditaments making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may thereby sustain; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to eon-tract and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by widening, diverting, turning, shortening, varying, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road through such Lands or Hereditaments; and that it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, and Committees, Executors, or Administrators, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Ffeirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Infant Wards, Cestuique Trusts, Lunaticks, or Persons of unfound Memory and Understanding, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised or 'interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised or possessed of, or interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, to cori-tract with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to sell and convey unto them, or any Five or more of them, all or any of such Lands or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for any of the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contrafts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage or other Matter whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical, or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, Committees, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby imdemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Act; and if any such Bodies, or other Person or Persons as afcrfe-said, interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houfgs, or other Place or Places of Abode, of such Person or Persons or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ec-

[Lfr. isf Per-2 7 B ckfiastical,

557

For punching Persons that obstruct Surveyors in their Duty.

Trustees may contract for Purchase of Lands to he taken into Road.

Incapacitated Persons may treat.

Where Persons neglect or refute to tieat.

55«

Damage and Recompence to be settled by a Jury. Witnesses to be examined on Oath or Affirmation.

Verdict of Enquiry is to be final.

For impannel. ling a Jury.

Jurors may be challenged.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

clefiastical, or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Hereditaments, through which any Part of such Road is to be widened, diverted, turned, or altered, shall, for the Space of Ten Days next after such Notice given or left, neglect or refuse to treat, or Hull not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause such Damage and Recompence to be enquired into and ascertained by a Jury of indifferent Men of the County or Place wherein the Premises lie; and in order thereto, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occasion shall be, to summon and call before such Jury, and examine on Oath or Affirmation, any Person or I’cr ons whomsoever (which Oath or Affirmation any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer), and such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, by ordering a View cr otherwise, uie all Ways and Means, as well for their own as the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of and assessed such Damage and Recompence, they the said Trustees, < r any Five or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so affiffed by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners and other Persons imerested in the said I.antis or Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or inquisition of such Jury; which said Judgement or inquisition, Order or Determination thereupon, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim in Pofftiiion, Remainder, Reversion, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Femes Covert, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical, or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever; and and for summoning and returning such Jury the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County where such Lands or Hereditaments shall lie, requiring him to impannel, summon, and return Twenty-four Persons qualified to serve on Juries, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so summoned, impannelled, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to draw by Ballot, and to fwc-ar or cause to be sworn Twelve Men, who shall be the jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of jurymen so returned, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, or any Five or more of the said Trustees, shall return some other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that speedily can be procured to attend that Service, to make up the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, afling in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and who shall not appear,

(except

559

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

(except for some reasonable Excuse), or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn shall refuse to give or not give a Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any of the Persons who, being required to give Evidence before the said Jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence, so as no such Fine be more than Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, on any One Person for One Offence.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as a Recompence for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the furamoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in such Case the Colts and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, out of any Money arisen or to arise by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Colts and Expences, having been ascerrained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the respective County or Place, not interested in the Matter in Question, (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame), shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Colls and Expences, in case the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein-ascer provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Tolls or other Money arising by virtue of this Act, according to the Directions herein-after contained, either into the Bank of England, or, as the Case may be, to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, and upon Payment thereof, or (in case of Refusal to accept the fame, or the Parties not being to be met with) upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Road, for the Use of such Parties or Persons, and after Six Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or Persons, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, orj left at his, her, or their usual

Place

How Expences of Jur), tie. shall be paid

Upon the Pay. meat of the Purchase Money, the Landi to be laid into the Road.

560

Former Roads may be fold.

Application of Compensation where exceeding zoo I.

42° GEORGII 111. Cap. 38.

Place or Places of Abode, or with the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Hereditaments, such Lands or Hereditaments shall be laid into and made Part of the Road, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct, and shall be sufficiently ditched, fenced, and set out for that Purpose, and shall to all Intents and Purposes become and be deemed a common Highway, and shall from thenceforth for ever be deemed as Part of the Road by this Act directed to be amended and kept in Repair, and from thenceforth all Parties and Persons whomsoever shall be diverted of all Right and Title to such Lands and Hereditaments, but no Part of the said Road shall be made of any greater Width, by virtue of this Act, than Sixty Feet; and after such new Road shall be completed, the Land comprized in or courtituting the old or former Road, shall be verted in the said Trustees, and shall or may be flopped up or left unrepaired, unless the fame may be wanted for any publick Use, or for the particular Convenience of the Occupancy of any Lands or Tenements to which the fame may lead, or shall be by them the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, fold for the bed Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, or exchanged for other Lands used for the Purposes of this Act; and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and the Conveyance to be made of such Lands, being executed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein such Lands shall lie, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes; but this Act shall not extend or give Power to the Trustees acting in the Execution hereof, to the taking down of any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in any Land th:s: is a Garden adjoininc to any Dwelling House, or any Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any Part thereof.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, " ’ n if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any J,cn;, Hereditaments, purchased,

taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers oi this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to ar , orporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Luudiick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in this Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order, made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 561

and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the raid Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments <^mp*nr»tio» purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to loesnot rx any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapa-

city as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and wich the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such

Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall Monty is left be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be than io/. applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the T.-ufcej may said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and for the Surveyor or enter tand. Surveyors, and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from [°0* elbs

[Lee. ftf Per.'] 7 C Time

502

Trustees to fence off n;w Road.

Trustees may com'act for Tepiiring the Road.

Persons liable to repair the Road to continue lo.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Time to Time to enter upon the Lands and Grounds through which or whereupon any Road shall be thought proper to be made, widened, altered, or turned, and toftake out, alter, and turn the fame in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think necessary or proper, without being liable or subject to be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment, for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds respectively, for any of the Purposes of this Act, making Satisfaction to the Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for the Damage that shall be done to the Land or Ground on the Side of any new Road, whilst the same shall be making, widening, altering, or turning, in case such Damage shall exceed the Sunt of One Shilling; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up, remove, or destroy any of the Stakes or other Marks used in laying out, making, altering, or turning any such Road, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in all Places where the Course of any Part of the present Road shall be diverted from the old Line of Road, or a new Road shall be made (except any Open Common Field Land, or Common or Waite Ground), or where the old Road shall be widened, in all such Cases (except as aforesaid) the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and are hereby required to caul'e good and sufficient Mounds, Rails, and Fences, to be made and provided, and Quicksets to be planted, or sufficient Stone Walls to be built in an husbandlike Manner, on both Sides of such new Road where the fame is necessary, and shall support such Mounds, Walls, Rai.s, and Fences, for and during the Term of Seven Years from the first making thereof.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the repairing, widening, altering, turning, or amending the said Road or any Part or Parts thereof, and for all or any other of the Works to be done and performed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and that all Contracts and Agreements in Writing, entered into pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting by such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall be binding to the said Trustees, and other Parties who shall sign the fame, his, her, or their Successors, Executors, and Administrators respectively; and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Party or Parties failing in the Execution of such Contrafts or Agreements.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Owners, Occupiers, Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Annuities, or any Sum or Sums of Money which have been given for, or are liable to the amending or maintaining of any PaTt or Parts of the said Road, or any Bridge or Bridges thereon, shall still remain liable and chargeable to the Repair thereof, in such Manner as they were'before the passing of this Act.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 563

XLtll. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who Me to by Law are liable to Statute Work, or chargeable towards repairing stance Work and amending the Road hereby directed to be made, widened, and re- tocournue paired, or any Part thereof, shall Hill remain liable thereto in like Man- tk.s'ro riVter-ner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or mi»< Dirter-more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Oxford and Warvmk, ellces* or either of them, in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be d< ne upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, in their respective Jurisdictions, from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor ot Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lilts before such Justices respectively, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within every such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be so paid, which Lilts of Names shall be made in Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effed for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lilts the said Justices respectively shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to the Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices respectively shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times, (not being Hay Time or Harvelt), and in such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices respectively shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices respectively shall think proper to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices respectively shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to of left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers,

bs! hr ' Team

564

Trustees may compound (or Statute Work.

Mile Stores an 1 Direction Ports.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, befubjcft and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Efteft for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said I'ruf-tees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refuted to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Plighways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the said Road, or any Part thereof; and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of ttie Parishes or Places in which the said Road shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the 1 atish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees, in Advance, on or before the First Day of February in each and every Year.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause the said Road to be measured, and Stones or Ports to be placed in or near the fame, with Inscriptions thereon, denoting the Number of Miles and Distance of Places, and also such and so many Direction Ports as they shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, damage, or pull up any of the Mile Stones or Ports erected upon or near any Part of the said Road, or shall obliterate or deface any Letters, Figures, or Marks thereon, and be thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Offence shall be committed, by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One credible Witness, such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings for every such Offence, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case such Person or Persons so offending and convicted, shall not be able, or shall refuse to pay the fame, then it shall

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. §65

be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Offence shall be committed, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of such County or Place, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; and the Person or Persons shall not be discharged until he, she, or they shall have paid the Penalty, or until the Expiration of the said Term.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who have subscribed any Money for or towards defraying the Expences of Subiciiptiom. executing this Act, shall and they are hereby required to pay such Money within such Times and to such Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall order and direct; and in Default of such Payment, such Money shall be recovered by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, to be brought by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at fVe/I-minster.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, For Recovery and Fines hereby infiided or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not herein otherwise directed), shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice oof the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Offences respectively shall be committed, or wherein the Offender shall be or reside, either by Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grantj, and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deduded, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Money arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied for the Purposes of the said Road; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the respective County or Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than Forty Days, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XLVIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offender* against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Case shall happen; videlicet,

[Lor. & Per.] 7 D

BE

566

Form of Conviction.

AllowingPir-

tics aggrieved to spptll.

Proceeding? not to be <jnaihed for Want of Form.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

r>E it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of [f/>ec'fy‘nK

the Offence, Time and Place when and where the fame was committed, as the Case ffall he~\. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above mentioned.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, within Three Calendar Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice at lead in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and pay such Coils as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Colls to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes; and the said Justices may also at such Sessions, by their Order or Warrant, levy such Colls so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse to pay the fame; and for Want of sufficient Distress, may commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of or for the respective County or Place, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Colls.

L. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ and that where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties dillraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties dillraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover, full Satisfaction for the Special Damage (if any), in an Action upon the Cafe; but no Plaintiff or Plain-

567

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

tiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made by or on Behalf of the Party distraining, before such Action brought.

LI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, norafter a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and every such Action shall be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Fad shall be committed, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may, at his and their Election, plead specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty Days Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cafe by Law.

LII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon, and have Continuance from the passing thereof, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

Limitata'ion of Actions.

[Treble Costs.]

Term of the

A(t.

[Publick Act.]

;/ til.

1 11 /I vt.

\ v

; u f}y!?

<1 ' i /*?<* >.: ii'i

, i f ‘

f \ v,

si v .%>;« fcs;. 4.mU «feta»MiJ wata*

oc

/ ri» wtul

' '. . . i

'V

X "

pV 1U .: s'i - , 1-4 IU

r . ’ ?: ':ii :i v m f-\ <« MfcSh'I

GEORGII III. REGIS.

w* I*

Cap. 39.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair^ the Road fro?n Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill in the County of Chester; and for making, amending, and keening in Repair, the Road branching out of the said Road at a Place called Pwll-y-rhwyd, in the said County of Denbigh, to the Borough of Holt, in the same County.

[30th April 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed, in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, u Geo. 3> :widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road fom Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill in the County of Chester: And whereas the Trullees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded ’to put the fame in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which are (till due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Road effectually amended [Let. & Peri] 7 E and

570

Former Art continued.

Trustees m; erect Turnpike:.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

and kept In Repair, unless the Term of the Paid Act be continued, and some oi the Powers and Provisions thereof alrered and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls thereby granted should be increased: And whereas the Road branching out of the said Road at a Place called Pivll-y-rbwyd, along a certain Highway, over a Piece of Land formerly a Common, called Rbos Nejjfeey, to Pivll.y.warren, and from thence by a Farm House, called Rorras Head, through Part of the Tovynship of Grefford, over Common I Good, down Frog Lane, to the said Borough of Holt, is much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually smended, widened, altered, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of publick Utility, if the fame were made Turnpike, and included under the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained (except so far as the same are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and also except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties', shall be and continue in full force, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose from Time to Time of repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road now included in the said recited Act; and also for making, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Road branching out of the said Road, at a Place called Pull-y-rbicyd, along a certain Highway, over a Piece of Land formerly a Common, called Rbos Nejfney, to Pivtl-y-voarren, and from thence by a Farm House called Rorras Head, through Part of the Township of Gresford, over Common Wood, down Frog Lane, to the said Borough of Holt, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Act, Clauses, and Powers were repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act, and if the said additional Branch of Road had originally been Part of the Road included in the said recited Act, in case the Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, not being less than Five in Number, to be assembled at any Meeting of the said Trustees, whereof Ten Days Notice at the least shall be given by an Advertisement, specifying the Intention of such Meeting, to be inserted in One or more Newspaper or Newspapers published or circulated within the City of Chester, and at which Five Trustees at the least shall be present, shall think proper, and order and direct such Branch of Road to be made, repaired, widened, and kept in Repair as aforesaid, but subject nevertheless to the Provisions, Amendments, and Alterations herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect from the passing of this Act; and that this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due on the Credit or on Account of the said recited Act, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said Act and this Act, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

iy

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may from Time to Time cause to be erected, set

up.

571

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

up, and provided (in Addition to the Toll Gate, Turnpike, and Toll House now erected upon a certain Bridge over the River Dee called Holt Bridge), One or more Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll House or Toll Houses, in, upon, or across any Part of the said Road, or the said Branch of Road, or in, upon, or on the Side or Sides, or across any Lane or Way leading out of the fame Road or Branch of Road; any Thing in the said former Act contained to the contrary not. withstanding.

III. And whereas the Tolls by the said recited Act granted are infus-ficient, be it therefore enacted, That the said Tolls shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that instead thereof the respective Tolls following shall be demanded, taken, collected, and paid, at the several and respective Gates or Turnpikes which have been or shall be erected in or upon the said Roads included in the said recited Act and in this Act j (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beaff, drawing any Carriage whatsoever, the Sum of Four-pence Half-penny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Beall, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which said several Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the Trustees for putting the said recited Act and this Act in Execution; and the fame, and every Part thereof, shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, alligned, varied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said recited Act with respect to the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, but subject nevertheless to this Act, and the Provisions and Regulations herein contained.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall have or be entitled to any of the Exemptions from Toll granted by the said recited Act, for or in respect of any Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage, having at the Time of using thereof, Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches on the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies thereof, and upon which the Tire doth not lie flat, or so as not to deviate more than One Quarter of an Inch from a flat Surface, or which shall not have the Nails counterfunk so as not to rife above the Surface, or for or in respect of any Cart or other Carriage, which, together with the Loading thereof, shall be of greater Weight than is allowed by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, emend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, to Waggons, Carts, or Carriages of the same Kind respectively, and laden with such Goods as do not exempt the fame from the Tolls hereby imposed; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or

any

Former Tolls repealed.

No Exemption to be taken for narrowwheeled Wag* gons and Carts.

572

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

any Five or more of them, to order all such Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, to be weighed in like Manner, and with the fame Powers and Authorities, as are directed for weighing Carriages by the last mentioned Act.

T°"» °^e~o:ls V. And whereas it is by the said recited Act provided and enacted, certain ' " that during the Months of June, July, and August in every Year, no *wontii» more than Two-pence shall be demanded or taken for or on Account of repealed. any p£0Ipej iyjarej Gelding, Mule, or other Beatt, drawing any Carriage employed only in the Carriage of Coals or Lime: And whereas the fame hath been found prejudicial to the said Road, be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much and such Part of the said recited Act as above mentioned, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

Trustees not to take «lown any Building nor take in any Gardens, etc. ex <p: as (pecifted.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to authorize or empower the said 1 rustees, or any other Person or Persons, to take down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in any Ground planted or set apart as a Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners or Proprietors thereof respectively; other than and except a Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground, now or lately used as an Orchard, belonging to Thomas Matthews of Borras aforesaid, and in the Occupation of Ann Roberts; and also a certain other Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground, formerly used as a Garden to a Cottage, commonly called or known by the Name of Craven’s Cottage, and now or late belonging to Bryan Cooke Esquire, and in the Occupation of Thomas Roberts or his Under Tenants; for which said Gardens or Orchards, or for such Part or Parts thereof respectively as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think necessary to be made Use of for the Purpose of making, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Branch of Road, and for this Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers of, and Persons entitled to or inteTefted in such Gardens or Orchards, for the Purchase thereof, or of any Part thereof respectively, in such Manner, and under the lame Powers and Provisions as are given and granted in and by the said recited Act, for ascertaining and settling the Value of any Lands, not being Common or Waste Land, to be taken or made Use of for the Furpoles thereof.

Mifiiomtr not

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any or either ^x^udun'of' *-^e ab°ve mentioned Premises, or of any of the Persons in whose Pof-

thie Ail.' session or Occupation the fame, or any Part thereof, are or is dated or described to be, or the Owner or Owners thereof, shall happen to be misnamed or inaccurately described, such Misnomer or inaccurate Description shall not prevent or retard the Execution of this Act, but the fame Premises, and every Part thereof, shall and may be ibid, conveyed, disposed of, and applied to and for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame were more particularly named or described.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 39. 573

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees shall, at old Road to any Meeting to be held as aforesaid, think proper to order and direct the said Road branching out of the said Road in Manner aforesaid, to be Townships if made, widened, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, and shall have caused the same to be made and done fit for the Passage of Cattle, repaired.* Carts, and Carriages along the fame, then, and in such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to surrender and give upfo much and such Part of the Road by the said recited Act directed to be made, widened, and repaired, as extends from the said Place called Pwll-y-rbwyd to the Borough of Holt aforesaid, to the respective Townships through which the fame pafles, and which shall from thenceforth be repaired and maintained by the said respective Townships.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Inhabit- Exempting ants of the several Townships of Borras Hova'b, Borras Riffrey, Aston,

Erlas, Abingbury Vawr, and Bieston, in the said County of Denbigh, and trictfromToli also all the Inhabitants of a certain District in the said County, called or and HalfToll. known by the Name of The Chapelry of IJfacoed, shall, when and as often as he, she, or they may think proper, be permitted and are hereby declared to be entitled to pass through all and every Gate and Gates, Bar and Bars, Chain and Chains, which shall or may be hereafter erected, put, or placed in, upon, or across the present Turnpike Road from the Borough of Holt to the Town of Wrexham, or in, upon, or across the Turnpike Road intended to be made by virtue of this Act, and also through all and every Gate and Gates, Bar and Bars, Chain and Chains, which shall or may hereafter be erected, put, or placed on the Side or Sides of the present Turnpike Road, or across any Lane or Way leading out of the present Turnpike Road, or the said intended Turnpike Road or Branch of Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, between the said Town of Wrexham and the said Borough of Holt, with Horses and all other Cattle whatsoever, Waggons, Carts, and all ocher Carriages, free and exempt from the Payment of any Toll or Tolls whatsoever; and also that all the Inhabitants of the Township of Wrexham Regis, in the said County of Denbigh, shall be permitted and are hereby declared to be entitled to pass through all and every the Gate and Gates, Bar and Bars, Chain and Chains, herein-before mentioned, with Horses and all other Cattle wrhat-soever. Waggons, Carts, and all other Carriages, upon Payment of One Half of the Tolls directed to be taken by virtue of this Act, so as all and every such Horses, Waggons, Carts, and Carriages, be not carrying or conveying any Goods or Materials for Hire, or for any Person or Persons not residing in any of the Townships herein-before mentioned; and so that such Carriages conveying Coal and Lime have, at the Times of using thereof, Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches on the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies, with the Tire lying flat, or not deviating more than One Quarter of an Inch from a flat Surface, or having the Nails counterfunk so as not to rife above the Surface.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasur;r» to Treasurers, for the Time being, of the Monies arising by virtue of this "*1"^sthe‘r Act, shall, and they are hereby required to settle his or their Account or annually. Accounts with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, on the

last Friday in the Month of August in every Year during the Continuance [Loc. fcf Per.] 7 F of

c74

App’icationcf Comptrifation Money where amounting to aoo /

Application where th* Cnmpeniaiioi Money is lets than aoo/. and exceeds zo /.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

of this Act, in such Manner as is directed in and by the said recited Act.

XI. And be it farther enabled, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be pre ferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money i so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so

purchased,

575

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 3g.

purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in "Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Colts, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid and discharged by the Trustees for putting the said former Act and this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, out of any Money which hath arisen by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of the First Money which shall arise by virtue thereof and of this Act, in Pre^ ference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said recited Act shall, upon the passing hereof, cease and determine, and that the said Act (subject to the Alterations herein before mentioned), and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON:

Printers

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 180a.

Application where the Money is lefa than a© /.

For defraying the Expence* of the Art.

[Publick Act.]

Commencement and Ttrm of the Art.

m

.) i j'tn )

1 «; !i , j:

:ir rsj . otq.;.\U r.M /I «M ul i ii

v

Sltt ti'! ,-J: i /

73! f v‘ 13 ‘

V. ( i'

Hail ^nr;:.; >2.oe i.*> opi , / O

feA (' *Ak Af

mi »r w; v > i't r 'fiff1

o

‘fv \

VV:

It

ip:

ANNO QUADR AGESIVIO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

jMt -

Cap. 40.

An Act for making and maintaining a new Road, to extend from or near to a Place called Beattock, in the Parish of Kirkpatrick Juxtay in the County of Dumfries, by the Boroughs of Lochmaben and Annan, to the River of Sark} at or near to the present Bridge there.

[30th April 1802.]

WHEREAS a Road from or near to Elvanfoot, in the County of Lanerk, to or near Beattock, in the Parish of Kirkpatrick Juxta, in the County of Dumfries, has already been made, in virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and maintaining a Road from near Dinwoodie Green, in the County of Dumfries, t» or near Elvanfoot, in the County of Lanerk, and a Continuation of the fame Road from Beattock, by the Boroughs of Lochmaben and Annan, to the Water or River of Sark, at or near to the Bridge there, in the Parish of Gratney, and County of Dumfries, would be of very great Importance, not only to the Proprietors and Inhabitants, and particularly to the Merchants and Manufacturers, of the Counties of Lanerk and Dumfries, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, but also to the Whole of the Proprietors, Inhabitants, Merchants, and Manufacturers of the several Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, and i'ork, and to Travellers [Loc. ft? Per.] 7 G who

57^ 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Trusteer. who have Occasion to pass from or to either of these Parts of the United Kingdom; but as the aforesaid Line of Road, and the necessary Bridges thereupon, cannot be tffedually made, repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every l’erson who is at present, or shall be at any Time after the Commencement of this Act, in his own Right or in Right of his Wife, in the actual PollelTion and Enjoyment, as Proprietor or Life-renter, of Lands lying in the County of Dumfries, valued in the Tax Roll of the said County at One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or in their Absence a Factor on their Estates in the said County for the Time being, and all and every theeldclt Sons of such Proprietors or Lile-renters; and also that the Magistrates, Dean, and Treasurer of the Burghs or Boroughs of /innan and Lochmaben for the Time being, John A'tMurdo of llardriggs, John Moffat Pur-tioner of Hightae, Matthew Rae of Fart End, Francis Irving, William Irving, Robert Richardfoa, all Merchants in Lochmaben, John Lindsay Writer there, Thomas Brown Surgeon there, Francis Shcrtt of Cow a nee, George L ittle in Annan, John Little in A cwby, William Little in Broom, John Graham in Lochmaben, ‘Thomas Rickards Innkeeper in Annan, and the Provolts of the Burghs of Dumfries and Sanquhar for the Time being, shall be and they are hereby nominated Trustees for making, widening, repairing, and maintaining the aforesaid Road, commencing at or near Beattock aforesaid, and leading from thence by or near the Kirk of Kirkpatrick Juxta; from thence by or near Johnston Clcugh; from thence by a Bridge to be built acrol's the River or Water of Kinnell, at or near to Regheeds, in the Paiifli of Lochmaben; from thence by or through the Burgh of Lochmaben, by or near the Village of Dalton, till it falls into the present Turnpike Road from Dumfries to Annan, at or near to Charlesfeld Tett, in the Pari (lies of Cummertrces or Annan; and from a Place called Steel, in the Parish of Gratney, or near the lame, where it leaves the said Road from Dumfries, by Annan, to Gratney, to the said Water or River of Sark, at or near to the present Bridge there, in the Parish of Gratney, and County of Dumfries, and for putting in Execution all the other Powers and Authorities hereby given and granted respecting the said Road: Provided always, that if any Person, other than those nominated as aforesaid, shall presume to act as a Trustee, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, every Person so presuming to ad shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, to be recovered and applied as herein-after directed.

Qurtrom fuftcient to constitute a General Jvieciing. Meerngs of Trui ecs.

II. And be it further enacted, That Five of the said Trustees shall be a Quorum, and that any Five or more of them, being duly assembled, shall i be held to constitute a General Meeting.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at Lochmaben on the First Monday of June One thousand eight hundred and two, or as soon after the said Day as conveniently may be, and yearly on the First Monday of April thereafter, alternately at the Burghs of Annan and Lochmaben, for the Purpose of putting this Act into Execution; and may at such Meetings, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn

579

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

adjourn themselves to such Times and Places as tile said Trustees at such last Meeting shall think fit, without Prtjudice to their meeting sooner if there shall be Occasion, upon Notice by the Clerk to the said Trustees, or by any Three of their Number, advertised in One Dumfries and One Glasgow Newspaper Fourteen Days at leaf! before the Day of such Meeting; and at the Meetings under this Act the Trustees shall defray their own Expences.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any of their Meetings held at the Time fixed and advertised as aforesaid, shall have Powers to issue Orders for iurveying, making, widening, and repairing the said Road, and to fix the particular Line or Direction, or any Part of the fame, and for erecting and maintaining Bridges on the said Road, and otherwise to proceed and aft in the Execution of the Trusts and Powers hertby committed to them.

V. And be it further enacted and provided, That no Determination of the said Trustees in a General Meeting assembled, with respect to the making of the said Road, or of or concerning any Matter or Thing relative to the Execution of this Act, shall be annulled, varied, or altered, by any subsequent General Meeting, unless such subsequent General Meeting shall be called at the Desire, and the Summons for calling the same shall be verified by the Subscriptions of not less than Five in Number of the said Trustees, and unless such Summons shall contain a Specification of such former Resolution of the Trust-.es therein proposed to be brought under Review.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall and may erect, or cause to be erected, a Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in or across any Part or Parts of the said Line of Road (except that Part from Charlesfeld Telt to Steel as aforesaid), or of any Lanes or Roads which shall branch off from the same, and also such Number of Toll Houses in and upon the Sides of the said Road; and may cause to be demanded and taken at each and every of the said Gates or Turnpikes, a Sum not exceeding the Rates and Duties herein after specified, before any Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Calafn, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (videlicet),

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Calash, Chaise, Chair, or Hearse, or other such Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Four Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings and Eight-pence Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings and Eight-pence-Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Fdur Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three

Shillings

Trustees to order the Road to be made, and B ;dgcs b jilt.

Determination of a former Meeting not to be altered but on previous Notice.

Power to erect Turnpikes and Toll Housec.

Toll*.

S8o

Tolls not to be levied within * ix Miles Distance ti om each other.

Tolls to be Uvied only Once a Day.

Penalty on clifpofing of Tickets to

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls ol Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Sterling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence Sterling

For every Drove of Horses or Fillies unihod, One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any Idler Number:

For every Drove of Oxen and Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any Idler Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of Ten-pence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any Idler Number: Provided always, that every Carriage drawn on Wheels of the Breadth of Five Inches or more in the Tread or Fellies, and the hind Wheels rolling in a different Track from the fore Wheels, and not drawn by more than Eight Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, shall pals through all the Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by this Act, on Payment of One Half of the Tolls or Duties leviable at the said Gates or Turnpikes.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons having Occasion to pass through any Turnpike or Turnpikes to beerested upon or across the said Road, or upon or across any Way or Lane leading out of the fame, where the aforesaid Tolls or Duties are or shall be taken, may and shall, on Demand, be furnished with a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, signifying the Payment of such Toll or Duty, which Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, shall give Access to the said Person or Persons to pass through any other Turnpike or Turnpikes placed on the said Road, not exceeding the Didance of Six Miles from the Turnpike where the said Person or Persons got the Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person having paid the Tolls or Duties upon their passing through any Turnpike or Turnpikes to be erected upon or across the said Road, or across any Way or Lane leading out of the fame, where the aforesaid Tolls or Duties are and shall be taken, on the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night), upon Production of a Note or Ticket bearing the Payment of such Toll, which Note or Ticket dull be furnished on Demand when the Payment is made, be subject or liable to pay the Tolls or Duties again at the fame Gate for the fame Coach, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, or with the fame Horse, Afs, or other Bead or Cattle: Provided, that all established Stage Coaches, Flies, Diligences, or other such Carriages, passing any of the said Gates, and meeting other such Carriages, and exchanging Passengers, and returning the same Day with such new PalTenger or Passengers, shall be subject to the Payment of the Tolls each Time of passing or returning through any of the Gates or Turnpikes.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of the said Tolls or Duties shall fell or fraudulently dispose of any Notes or Tickets to any

6 Person

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 40. 581

Person or Persons, or if any Person or Persons, having paid the Toll evade P*y-

Duties by this Act imposed, and having a Note or Ticket, Notes or raento r° s*

Tickets, specifying the Payment thereof, shall give or dispose of the fame

to any other Person or Persons in order to avoid Payment of the said

Tolls and Duties, every such Collector or other Person giving or dif-

posing thereof, and the Person receiving the fame, being convicted

thereof by voluntary Confession, or upon Uath by One or more credible

Witness or Witnesses, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the

Peace for the County of Dumfries, or where the Offenders shall reside,

shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty

Shillings Sterling, to be levied and recovered as herein-after directed.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons owning. Penalty on renting, or occupying any Lands or other Premises, shall knowingly and willingly permit and suffer any Person or Persons to pass over the fame, lage-

or through any Gate, Passage, or Way, with any Coach, Cart, or other Carriage, or with any Horse, Afs, or other Cattle, or shall open any new Road whereby the Tolls or Duties by this Act imposed shall be avoided, every such Person or Persons so offending, and the Person or Persons driving such Coach, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, or other Cattle, being convicted thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Dumfries, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Trustees a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall J^ngol? unload or cause to be unladen any Sort of Goods or other Merchandize, Hoiies, etc. at or before the same shall come to, or after having passed through any

of the said Gates or Turnpikes, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, from any Coach,

Chaise, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Calash, or Hearse, or any Horse or Horses, Ox or Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, from any Waggon,

Cart, or Carriage, at or before the same shall come to any of the Gates or Turnpikes erected by virtue of this Act, with an Intent to avoid paying any Tolls or Duties hereby imposed, or shall put or leave in any House or Place, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, Horse, Mare,

Gelding, or other Cattle, chargeable with or liable to pay the said Tolls or Duties, with such Intent as aforesaid, each and every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall, on Conviction, forfeit and pay to the Trustees appointed to put this Act into Execution, or to their Collector for the Time being, a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That Exemption*, no Toll or Duty shall be demanded or taken at any of the Turnpikes to

be erected by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any Horses or Carriages which shall be employed in carrying Stones or other Materials for repairing the Roads and Bridges by this Act intended to be made, repaired, or built, or any of the causeways within or belonging to the fame; nor shall any of the Tolls or Duties aforesaid be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons for passing through any of the Gates or Turnpikes erected on the said Road, to or from his, her, or their Parish Church, or other Place of teligious Worship, on Sundays, or any , \Loc. Isf Per.] 7 H other

582

Tolls Oil Carriages carrying above a certain Weight.

Persons to permit their Carriages to be weighed.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

other Days on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried within any of the said Parishes; nor for carrying through any of the said Turnpikes from One i’art of a Farm to another Part of the lame Farm, Dung or other Manure, Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, Carts, Wains, or other Carriages, laden with Hay, Corn, or St aw; nor for Horses, Geldings, or Cattle, going to or returning from Watering Places of the fame Farm, or within a Mile of the Proprietor’s House, or for Horses going to or returning from being shoed; nor for any Florfes or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in carrying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning from conveying the fame; nor for the Horses of Officers or Soldiers who are upon their March or on Duty, or for any Horses or other Bealfs or Cattle employed in carrying or conveying the Anns or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or any Tick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or the Carriages attending upon them; nor for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons travelling with Vagrants sent with legal Pafles; or for the Horses of any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of Dumfries, during the Time of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person, for every such Offence, shall forfeit, and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, assembled as aforesaid, shall and may, from and after the passing of this Act, levy or cause to be levied, demanded, or taken, at the several Turnpike or Turnpikes, Gate or Gates, to be erected on or across the said Road or Roads, or Lanes branching off" from the same, before any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Calafli, C.haife, Chair, or Hearse, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, drawn by One or more Horses, Mares, Geldings Mules, or other Bealls of Draught, pass through the fame, the Weight of which Carriage, with the Burden or Draught therein, shall amount to Twenty hundred Weight and upwards, and not exceeding Thirty hundred Weight, the Fellies of the Wheels of which shall not measure Five Inches in Breadth at least, Double the Tolls and Duties which the said Trustees are empowered to levy as aforesaid; and before any Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Calafli, Chaise, or Hearse, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Wheel Carriage, drawn by One or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, pass through the fame, the Weight of which Carriage, with the Burden or Draught therein, shall exceed Twenty five hundred Weight, the Fellies of the Wheels of which shall not measure Seven Inches in Breadth at least, Treble the Tolls and Duties which the said Trustees are empowered to levy as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons travelling the said Road with Carts or Carriages shall (when required by the said Trustees, or any Person to be appointed by them) allow the Fellies of the Wheels of their Carts and Carriages to be measured, and shall weigh their Carts and Carriages

5?3

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

riages at Steelyards, or other Engines for weighing, to be erected by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, which they are hereby empowered to erect on the said Road, or Sides of the fame; and in case of Refusal, the said Trustees, or Persons to be appointed by them, are hereby empowered and required to levy for the said Carts or Carriages, Treble the Tolls and Duties which by this Act they are empowered as aforesaid to levy on Carts and other Carriages, before the Carts or other Carriages pass through the Turnpike or Turnpikes on the said Road; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, to nominate and appoint a proper Person or Persons to demand and take the Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Dumfries, or where the Person or Persons refusing or neglecting to pay the said Tolls reside, upon Application of the said Trustees, or Person to be appointed by them, to levy the said Tolls, or to fine the Person or Persons refusing in a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, and to levy such Fine in Manner herein-after mentioned, for the Use and Purposes of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to agree by the Year or otherwise, with any Person or Persons living near any Turnpike or Turnpikes erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act, for any reasonable Sum or Sums of Money, to be paid Quarterly, and per Advance, from Time to Time, and in lieu of the Payment of the Tolls or Duties by this Act directed to be paid; and Copies of all such Compositions and Agreements to be made by the said Trustees shall be entered at Length in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, which shall be open to the Perusal of any Person or Persons whatsoever, at all reasonable Times, without Fee or Reward.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Composition Money agreed to be paid for passing through the said Turnpikes or Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act shall not be paid within Fourteen Days next after the same shall become due or payable, according to such Composition or Agreement, that then it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Dumfries, by Warrant under their Hands, to empower the Person authorized by the Trustees to receive such Composition, and Oath being first made that the fame hath been demanded and remains unpaid, to levy such Composition on the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay the fame in Manner herein mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to be levied and collected upon the said Road shall, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the said Trustees, and the fame and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, and assigned to and for the several Uses and Purposes by this Act directed, and to no other Purpose whatsoever; the reasonable Charges expended, or that shall be paid in or about or by reason of passing this Act, being first deducted and paid; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of

them,

Trustees to compound t Tolls.

For levyinf the Comp tion.

Application of Tolls, and Recovery thereof.

584

For making foot Paths.

Tr jftees may

apply a For", tion of the Tolls to the Crols Roads.

Property of Toll Houses vested in Trustee*.

4*° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall from Time to Time nominate and appoint, to demand and take the respective Tolls or Duties herein-before granted and made payable; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, the Paid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered by themselves, or such other Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall authorize and appoint for that Purpose, to levy the said Tolls and Duties by Distress of any Horse or Hcrfes, or other Cattle, upon which such Tolls or Duties are by this Act imposed, and to keep such Horse or Horses, or Cattle so distrained, until the said Tolls or Duties, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be paid; but in case the same shall not be paid within the Space of Three Days after such Distress shall be made and taken, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so distraining, after the said Space of Three Days, to appraise and fell the Goods so distrained by publick Roup, at the Turnpike or Toll House where the Toll ought to have been paid, returning the Overplus on Demand (if any be) to the Proprietors of such Horse or Horses, or Cattle so distrained, after deducting such Tolls or Duties, and the reasonable Charges of distraining, appraising, keeping, and felling the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be in the Power of any Five or more of the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, to order Foot Paths to be made upon the Sides of the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof; and where Foot Paths shall be so made along any Part of the said Road, no Person or Persons shall ride or drive, or cause or allow any Horse or Carriage to travel along the said Foot Paths, otherwise such Person or Persons offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be recovered and applied in Manner as directed with regard to the other Fines and Penalties by this Act imposed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and in the Power of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at General Meetings assembled, from Time to Time to direct such Parts of the respective Tolls and Duties by this Act granted, as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Fifth of the annual Produce thereof respectively in any One Year, to be laid out and applied for the repairing Roads within the said County of Dumfries, branching out of or leading into the aforesaid Road, although the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls and Duties shall not be repaid: Providing always, that no Money shall in any Case be allowed for such branching Roads, unless at a General Meeting called by Advertisement in One of the Glafgtnv Newspapers, and in One Dumfries Newspaper, Fourteen Days before the Day of Meeting, in which Advertisement it shall be (fated, that a Proposal for granting such Allowance is to be laid before the Meeting.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all and every of the Gates or Turnpikes, and Toll Houses and Steelprds, or other Engines for weighing, which shall be erected and built upon or on the Sides of the said Road by virtue of this Act, shall be vested in the said Trustees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to dispose thereof as they

8 shall

5*5

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

shall think proper, or to bring 'dions or prefer Bills of Indictment, in their Names, or in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, for the Time b ing, against any Person or Persons who shall maliciously break down, pull up, or otherwise destroy, injure, or damage any of the said Gates or Turnpikes, or any Pods Rail , chains.

Bars, or other Works, or any of the Toll Houses or Bridges to be erected in pursuance of this Act.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustee* may Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any of their General Meet- 'U°* ings, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to order and direct the Tolls or Duties hereby granted and made payable, to be collected. received, and taken in such Parts and Portions, under the Restrictions hrrein-before mentioned, and also to lessen and reduce the fame from Time to Time as they shall think fit, and may also front Time to Time raise the said Tolls or Duties again, so as not to exceed the Tolls or Duties herein-before gr nted; but no such Reduction or Increase shall take Place, unless and until publick Notice be given by Advertisement of the Purpol'e of the Meeting in the Newspapers aforesaid, at lead Fourteen Days before such Meeting shall take Place, and until a Majority in Value of the Creditors or Mortgagees shall consent to the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to for Q§’"e'In.t" and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a General ir>s Meeting assembled, to choose and appoint a fit Person or Persons to be

Clerk or Clerks, and Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, to the said Trustees, for receiving the Tolls or Duties granted and made payable by this Act, and also One or more fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, or such other Officers as they shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove such Officers, or any of them, as they shall see Occasion, and appoint new ones in case of Death, Resignation, or Removal; and all and every Person or Persons, who are or shall be liable by this Act to pay the said Tolls or Duties, are hereby required to pay the same to the said Collector or Collectors,

Receiver or Receivers, so from Time to Time to be appointed as aforesaid, and after the Rates aforesaid; and the Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid for receiving the said Tolls or Duties, and also the Surveyor or Surveyors, shall on the First Wednesday in every Month, or at any other Time to be appointed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, during the Continuance of this Act, give in a true, particular, exact, and perfect Account in Writing, under their respective Hands, with their respective Vouchers, of all the Monies which he or they, or any of them, have received, paid, and disbursed, by Reason of their respective Offices, and verify the fame upon Oath, if required; and in case any Overplus so received shall remain in their or any of their Hands, they shall pay the same to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them as afor.-said, at a General Meeting assembled, shall authorize and appoint to receive the same, to be disbursed and laid out in carrying into Execution the several Powers of this Act, and not otherwise; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, out of the Money arising by the said £L#r. £? Ptr.2 7 / Tolls

5«6

Tralee? to take- Security from their Treasuier.

Trustee* not

to hold Places of Profit.

N Victualler to hold any Place of Profit.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 4(3.

Tolls or Duties verted in them, to make such Allowances to the several Officers so by them appointed, for and in Confederation of their Care and Pains taken in the Execution of their tespective Offices and to such other Feifon or Persons who shall have been or may be assisting in making or repairing the said Road as aforesaid, and Bridges upon the fame, by advancing or laying out any Monies, or otherwise relating thereto, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall think fit; and in case the said Collector or Colkftors, Receiver or Receivers, Treasurer or Treasurers, or any other Person or Persons concerned in the Collection or the Receipt of the aforesaid Tolls or Duties, oy any of them, shall not make such Account and Payment to such Person or Persons as the said l'rustees, or any Five or more of them as aforesaid, shall direct, then it shall be lawful to any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Dumfries, upon Application being made by Two or more of the said Trustees, to enquire of and concerning such Default, as well by Confession of the Parties themselves as by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or V\ itnefies upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices, or any One or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer) or by other legal Evidence; and if any Person or Persons shall be convicted of the Offeners aforesaid, the said Justice or Justices shall, and he or they are hereby empowered to impose or levy a Sum of Money from or upon such Person or Persons, not exceeding Double the Sum of Money unduly detained or misapplied; and in case such Person or Persons shall refuse or be unable to pay the said Sum of Money so detained or misapplied by him or them, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the salt) Justice or Justices to commit such Person or Persons to the common Gaol of the County, there to remain until he or they shall have compounded and agreed with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them as aforesaid (which Completion they, or any Five or more of them, are empowered to make), and have paid such Composition to the Treasurer for the Time being, or such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby tequired to take such Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers to be appointed by virtue of this Act, for the faithful Execution of their said Office or Offices, as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appear just and reasonable.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, appointed or to be appointed a Ti ultee or 'Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, shall have or accept of any Place of Profit arising out of or by Reason of any Tolls or Duties by this Act laid or granted, such Person or Persons shall be incapable of acting as a Trustee or Trustees, from the Time of accepting and during the Enjoyment of such Place of Profit as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Victualler or Retailer of Beer, Ale, or Spirituous Liquors, shall be capable of holding any Tlace of Profit under this Act.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 40. 587

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it Ih ill and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, and they are h reby authorized and empowered, by publick Roup or Auction, to let the Tolls or Duties hereby granted and v< sted in them, in Whole or in Parcels, from Time to Time during the Continuance of this Act, by Lease or ntherwife, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the highrft Rate they can get for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time give good and sufficient Security for Payment of the Rents for which the Tolls shall be let, as shall be approved of by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them.

XXVII. And whereas it may be necessary for the said Trustees to borrow £i^yrrowin* Money for defraying the Expence of passing this Act, and for carrying

into Effect the other Purposes of the fame, be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any General Meeting assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to borrow, upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties to be levied and collected by virtue of this Act, at legal or less Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding upon the Whole at any Time the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling for each Mile of the said Road so made and not exceeding the further Sum of F.rnr hundred Pounds Sterling for the Bridge so to be built thereon, by virtue of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall pay or cause to be paid off nuybe’bor. and uncharged any Part of the Sums so to be borrowed as aforesaid, ,ow*d» then it shall be lawful to and for them to borrow other and farther Sums of Money, and to burden the said Foils and Duties with the Payment of the lame: Provided always, that such after Loan or Loan* shall not upon the Whole exceed the said Credit of One hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling for each Mile of the said Road, and the said Credit of Four hundred Pounds Sterling for the said Bridge.

XXIX. Provided always, That it shall be in the Power of the said Toil* Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, ifli&ned* and they are hereby expressly authorized to assign and make over the Whole, or such Part of the Tolls and Duties so to be levied and collected

in Manner aforesaid as they shall think proper, for a Security to such Person or Persons who shall lend or shall became Sureties for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid; and Copies of all such Assignments shall be entered by the Clerk and Treasurer in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, which shall at all reasonable Times be open to the Perusal of any Person or Persons having Interest, without Fee or Reward.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Notice to be the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any General Meeting ?lien P-1)'* assembled, upon such respective Mortgages or Assignments being produced me,u. 's"' by the rdpettive Proprietors thereof as aforesaid, to direct «heir Clerk to

give Notice to him, her, or them respectively, that the Money secured by such Mortgages or Assignments respectively, or any of them, will be paid and discharged at the Time limited in such Notice, not less than Six

Months

58S

Comp?'1"’?

Payment ct

Subic iptiun Wony-

Kor making Cuuf ways and Drains.

42j GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Months being allowed for the Time of such Payment; and on such Notice as aforesaid being given to such Proprietors respectively, the Interest of the Money contained in such Security shall ceale at the Expiration of the said Six Months, in case such Proprietor shall not attend to receive, or give proper Authority for receiving, his, her, or their Principal and liuereit, pursuant to such Notice.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who have become Subscribers towards defraying the Expences of passing this Act, and tarrying the fame into hxecution, shall neglect r relufe to pay the Whole or any Part of such Subscription Money, when he or they shall be required lo to do, by a written Notice subscribed by the Clerk and Treasurer of the said Trustees, or any other Person appointed by any Five or more of them, and left at the Dwelling House or ordinary Place of Rtfidence of such Subscriber or Subscribers as aforesaid, and that within Fifteen Days from and after the Notice so to be left as aforesaid, then and in every such Default as aforesaid, it shall be competent for the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, to cause an Action or Actions to be brought against such Subscriber or Subscribers, in the Name of their Clerk and Treasurer, or other Person appointed as aforesaid, in any Court competent within any Part of Great Britain: Provided nevtrthe-less, that in all Cafes the Money so subscribed and paid in as aforesaid shall be repaid, with the legal Interest thereof, out of the Monies allowed to be borrowed in virtue of this Act, or out of the Tolls and Duties allowed to be levied and collected by Authority of the same, rateably and proportionally, to the whole Subscribers, according to the Amount of the Sums advanced by them respectively, and until such Re-payment as aforesaid, t1 e Monies so advanced by the Subscribers shall be a Lien and Burden on such Rates and Duties, but always postponed to the Expence of making, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Road and Bridges, and other Purpol'es of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, to make or cause to be made causeways, and to cut and make Drains through any Grounds lying contiguous to the said Road, and to make and erett Bridges of Stone, Brick, or Timber, and also to widen or extend the Breadth of the said Road to the legal Standard established in Scotland; and where it shall appear necessary to alter the Situation of the said Road, or widen it to a Breadth beyond the present Standard, then and in that Cafe the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by a Writing under their Hands to order and direct the Situation of the said Road to be altered, or the said Road to be extended to such Breadth as they shall think proper, not exceeding Fifty Feet, exclusive of Ditches, anil for that Purpose to pull down and demolish any Floufe or Building, the Side Walls of which shall not exceed Twelve Feet in Heighr, and ro remove any other Obstruction; ai d the Surveyor or Surveyors are hereby empowered, by the Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to make such Ditches or Trenches as he or they shall think necessary for draining and amending the aforesaid Road.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 40. 589

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when the said Trustees (halt *e" have taken or resolved to take into Possession any Lands, IL uses Tene- so’.'umi' inents, or Hereditaments, for the Purpose of the said R;>ad, or for erect- «f-

ing Bridges, Toll Houses, Steel) ards, or Weighing Machines thereon, or have done any Damage in making, altering, or widening the said Road, to the Owners or Occupiers of Inch Lands, or other Persons interested therein, the said Trullees shall be obliged, and they are hereby required to pay all such Damages to the Owners or Occupiers respectively, as the said Trustees, or any Five of them, shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Trustees, touching such Damages as aforesaid, the same shall be finally determined either by Two Men to be mutually chosen by the Parties, with Powers to them to choose an Overfman, or, in the Option of the said Owners or Occupiers, by the Sheriff Depute of the said County, or his Substitute for the Time being, who is hereby required and authorized to summon a Jury of Twelve Persons of Skill, and upon their Ver-dist, whether Damages have been incurred, or to what Extent, shall judge, assess, and finally determine the same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed ?no0nf

or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Mon > *uin purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the amounting to Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life- 100 ' rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lauds,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the lame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid,

Hood settled or limited, or such of them, as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

[Loc.y/V.] 7 K XXXV. Provided

590

if under ?or>l auc a.oo\e z©/

Where under 20 /.

Apportioning Money paid for Damage!.

Empower'ng incapacitated Persons to fell.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incajacity as aforesaid, shall be less tjian the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchdfed, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Ham's, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by hive or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, as far as the Case may be applicable.

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreej or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, fb ill be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame fhJI be applied to the life of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff Depute for the County of Dumfries, or his Substitutes for the Time being, or the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their General Quarter Sessions assembled, may and they are hereby empowered to settle what Shares and Proportions of Purchase Money or Damage which shall be so agreed upon, or assessed and etermined in Manner aforesaid, shall be allowed ro any Person having a particular Estate or Interest in the Premises, for his, her, or their respective Interests therein, except in such Cases wherein the same are herein directed to be laid out and inverted in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, under the Authority of the Court of Session.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, married Women, Trustees, Heirs of Entail. Tutors or Curators for Infants, Minors, Idiots, Furious, or other Persons, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, to sell the same, for the Purposes of th- 'aid Road, and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, or other Conveya. s tha; shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any L w, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwith-

standing;

59i

42° GEORGII III. Cup. 40.

Handing} and that all the Trustees, Heirs of Entaii, Tutors or Curators, Corporations, Proprietors, or Incumbrancers, and all other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of or in pur-iuance of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Question or Difference about the Recompence or Satisfaction to be made for the Lands, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for pulling down the fame for the Purposes aforesaid, shall not prevent or put a Stop, in any Manner of Way, to the making, widening, altering, or repairing the said Road, or the Bridges on the same.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Part of the Tolls which shall arise and be levied by virtue of this Act, or of the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit of such Tolls and Duties, shall be applied, laid out, or appropriated, without the Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, or of such Perfoil or Persons as they shall authorize and appoint.

XLT. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall keep, or cause to be kept, an exact Account of the Monies received by virtue of this Act, and the Application thereof, and all their Proceedings, and shall enter the fame in a Book or Books to be kept for the Purpose, which the Heritors, on the Course of the said Road shall, at all reasonable Times, be at Liberty to inspect without Fee or Reward.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall assault any . Collector of the said Tolls or Duties, or by Force pass through any of the said Gates or Turnpikes, without paying the Tolls and Duties which such Person ought to pay, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, over and above any Damages or other Recojppence such Collector shall or may be entitled to by any Law, in respect <rf such Default.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall maliciously break down, or attempt to break down, pluck up, damage, or otherwise destroy any Turnpike Gates, Polls, Chains, Ears, or other Works whatever, or the Houses eiefted for the Use of such Turnpikes, or Steelyards or Weighing Machines to be erected on the Sides of the said Road, or shall strike or maltreat any of the Toll Gatherers, or any Person or Persons of their Family employed in levying the said Tolls or Duties, or shall refeue or attempt to refeue any Person in Custody for the said Offences, every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Premises, and being thereof lawfully convicted, in any Prosecution ordered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Dumfries, such Person or Persons so offending, shall not only pay the whole Damages and Expences fullained by the said Trustees or their Toll Gatherers aforesaid, but it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, to adjudge such Person or Persons to be imprisoned in the County Gaol for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or to pay a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

Differences as

Id Value* rot to impede the Act*

Money not to be applied except by Older of the Trustees.

Accounts to be kept.

Penalty on

forcible Passage;

and on de-

stroying

Turnpikes#

59 2

For erecting Mile Stones, (Sc.

For lopp'rtg Trees.

Trees not to be planted nejr the Road.

Covering Drains, etc.

4l° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any of their Meetings assembled, may cause the said Road to be measured, and Mile Stones to be erefled, as also Guide or Direction Polls to be placed at the cross Roads or Lanes branching front the said main Road; and in case any 1 erson or Persons shall wilfully break, destroy, damage, pull up, or remove any such Mile Stones, or Guide or Direction Ports, or obliterate or deface any Letters or Figures1 that shall be made, inscribed, or put thereon by Order of the said Trustees, or shall break down any Part of the Cape Stones on the Ledges or Parapet Walls on any of the Bridges or Sides of the said Road, and shall be thereof convicted on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Dumfries, every such Person so offending shall, besides making good the Damages, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling for each Stone or Port so wilfully destroyed, damaged, pulled up, removed, obliterated, and defaced, or for every Cape Stone so broken down from the Ledges or Parapet Walls; and all such Forfeitures shall be applied, One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the said Trustees, for the life o' the said Road; and in case the Person or Persons so offending, and cor ’dtc.l as aforeinid, shall not have sufficient Goods or Chanels whereon <uch Damages and' Forfeitures may be levied, then it shall and may De law fill frir ar.y One or more justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, by Warrant under his or their Hands, to commit such Person or Persons to the common Gaol of the County, there to remain for any Tuiu not exceeding Three Months, unless the said Damages, Penalty, and Charges attending the Recovery, shall be sooner paid.

Xl.V. And be it further enacted, That where the Ground on the Sides of the aforesaid Road is already planted with Tices, or is or shall be inclosed by Hedges, the Proprietors or Occupiers of such Ground on each Side of the said Road shall, at a proper be.lon, cm down, or lop and prune the Trees, and cut and dress the Hedges, in such fanner that no Part of the said Trees shall overhang any Part of the Lid Road, nor the Hedges be allowed to grow higher than Five I eet from the Surface of the Ground at the Bottom of the Hedge; and in case he or they neglect so to do, after being required by an Order from Two or more of the said Trustees, the said Trustees, or their Surveyor, shall cause the same to ba done, and levy the Expence thereof from the Proprietors or Occupiers of the said Ground by Distress.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Trees shall be planted on the Ground adjacent to the said Road nearer than Twenty Feet from the Sides thereof.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Passage for Cattle or Carriages across the Sides of the aforesaid Road is made for the Conveniency of the Occupier of the Grounds through which the said Road passes, he or they shall always cover the Drains crossing the Sides of such Road with sufficient Stones, in such a Manner as the Ccurfe of the Water in the Drains may not be interrupted, or the Roads thereby prejudiced; Provided always, that no Occupier of Land shall turn any Water upon the Sides of the said Road, nor conduit any Water across the said Road

593

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

for meliorating his Fields or other Purposes, until he shall have applied for and obtained the Consent of Three or more of the said Trustees; and every such Occupier shall be obliged to carry the Water across the Road in a covered Drain, of such Depth and Confirmation as that the Water may not prejudice the Road; and every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof as aforesaid, before any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That where Fences are made on H;dge:tobe the Side of the high Roads, the Ditch and Hedge shall be on the Side next the Field, and the plain Face of the Fence or Bank shall fence the ‘ ’ ‘ c‘ Road, proper Conduits being made in different Places for carrying the Water from the Road, under the said Fence or Bank, into the Ditch.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or their Providing Contractors or Overseers, shall be, and they are hereby empowered to J^M^uls. provide proper Places on the Sides of the said Road as Repositories for Stone, Gravel, and other Materials for making and repairing the said Road and Bridges; Damages being always paid for the Ground occupied by such Repositories.

L. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Preventing Act, no Person or Persons whomsoever shall make Pits or Holes, or lay Nui,ance‘-down Lime, Dung, Materials for repairing the Roads, in Heaps, Comport, Rubbish, dead Cattle, or other Matter whatever for manuring of Land, within Five Yards of the Side of the said Road, unless the fame be sufficiently fenced off from the Road; neither shall any Person or Persons turn their Plough on the said Road, or lay down any Trees or other Matter, or leave, unless in case of Accidents, Carts, Waggons, or Wains, loaded or unloaded, standing upon said Road or Bridges-, or draw any Tree or Piece of Timber, or other Material whatsoever, otherwise than on a Wheel Carriage or Cart, or do any Thing whatsoever whereby the said Road, or Bridges erected thereon, shall be unnecessarily encumbered or damaged, under a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, and being immediately obliged to fill up the said Pits and Holes, and which Penalties shall be levied by Warrant of any One of the Justices of the Peace for the said County by Poinding and Sale as aforesaid; and upon Application of any One of the said Trustees or their Overseers; and One Moiety of such Penalties and Forfeitures as aforesaid shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Trustees, to be laid out on the said Road and Bridges; and further, that no Person shall draw or carry on the said Road on any such Cart, Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage, any Timber Trees, Planks, or Deals, exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, unless such Cart or other Carriage has Four Wheels.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the For opening Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint for that Purpose, to open Stone Quarries, and to dig, gather, and carry away any Stones, or Gravel, Furze, Heath, Sand, or other Materials (Timber excepted), out of any Grounds, whether inclosed or not (not being the Ground whereon any Houses stand, nor a Garden,

[Lw. Ss* Per.] 7 L Orchard,

594-

Notice to be given to Occupiers of taking Mate* iizJs.

For Recovery of Penalties.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Orchard, Yard, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any Piece or Parcel of Ground set apart or used as a Nursery for 'frees, previous to the passing of this Act), where the Paid Materials can be most conveniently found, within the Paid County, for the Use of the Road and Bridges aforesaid, making Recompence in Manner aforesaid for the Damages thereby occasioned: Provided always, that any Difference or Dispute relative to the said Damages, shall not in anywise Hop, delay, or prevent the gathering, digging, and carrying off the said Materials; and provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize and empower any Person or Persons aforesaid, to dig or carry off any Materials from any Grounds nearer than Two hundred Yards to the Dwelling House or ordinary Residence of the Proprietor of such Gruumls.

LII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any Person or Persons under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away Materials for making or repairing the said Road and Bridges, to or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or Two or more Justices of the Peace, to strew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in- case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trudies, or any Five or more of them, or such Justices, shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Person to dig, gather, rake and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Justices, shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed (if not directed by this Act to be other wise levied), shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by "Warrant under the Hand of any One or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Bumfriet, or for the County where the Parties shall reside, in the Option of the Trustees, or of the Person or Perform authorized by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to levy such Distress; and the"Perl’on or Persons distraining such Goods and Chattels, are hereby authorized and empowered, after the Space of Three Days after such Distress shall be made and taken, to fell the Goods so distrained by publick Roup, at the nearest Turnpike or Toll House to the Place where such Distress shall be made or taken,' and return the Overplus Money (if any be), upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after such Penalties and Forfeitures, with the reasonable Charges of distraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deducted and paid; and the said Forfeitures when recovered, if nof otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall be applied Gfle Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety towards carrying this Act into Execution, as the said Trustees shall direct; and all Penalties and Forfeitures n* - Contained

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

contained in this Act, shall be payable over and above all necessary Expences incurred in prosecuting for the lame.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Remedy ot Method of Relief hath been already directed and appointed, it shall and may be lawful for him and them to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First Quarter Sessions for the County aforesaid; and in case the Cause of Complaint shall arise within Fifteen Days before such Quarter Sessions, then such Appeal shall be made to the said Justices at their Second Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint or Complaints of any Person or Persons so aggrieved; and if they shall see Cause they shall and may, by Order of such Meeting, mitigate at their Discretion all or any of the said Penalties or Forfeitures imposed or incurred by the said Party or Parties complaining, or vacate or set aside the Conviction or Convictions, and set the Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame with such Costs as to them in their Discretion may seem proper; and to levy by their Order or Warrant such Costs so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any Person or Persons who shall refuse to pay the fame; and for Want of sufficient Distress, to commit the Party to the common Gaol of the County, for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of such Costs shall be made; but the Person or Persons so appealing shall, and they are hereby directed to give Notice in Writing to the Defendant, of such their Intention of bringing or prosecuting any Appeal, Fifteen Days before the said Quarter Sessions; and shall, within Five Days after such Notice, lodge in the Hands of the Clerk to the said Justices a Bond, signed by him or them, to prosecute such Appeal, and Two sufficient Sureties obliging him or them to prosecute such Appeal; and in case such Appeal shall be disallowred, the Appellant shall pay such Costs and Charges as the said Justices shall direct in that Behalf; and every such Appeal shall at the said Quarter Sessions be heard and finally determined.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Actions and Complaints for all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or for any Wrong done or Injury suffered in any Manner relative thereto, or in consequence of any of the Powers by this Act granted and given, shall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred, or Wrong done, or Injury suffered, and not afterwards.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be no Objection to any Person acting as a Judge or Justice in any Matter or Thing relative to this Act, that he is hereby appointed a Trustee, except where he is personally interested, in which Cafe he shall not fit nor aft as a Judge or Justice; but in every other Cafe he shall have the fame Power to act as a Judge or Justice of the Peace as fully as if there was no such Appointment.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Powers and Authorities, Articles, C.laufes, Rules, Forfeitures, and Penalties therein

contained.

5 95

Allowing an

Appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

Limitation of Actions.

Truste?s may act as Justices.

Continuance of this Act.

596

Jhiblick Aa.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

contained, shall continue and be in force for and during the Space of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, from and after the passing of the fame; and during the said Period, this Act shall be deemed a publick Act, and taken Notice of as such by all Judges and Justices, and others whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

tnimiMsb <u: i«d '>1 hr"; , m 5rf)

~n 'ie nor: . . . uadriKSJf , j. ri

v; r t-jj; T,b v.i hjrtuaai to hsior ;r r’oji ': 16

-j.tii ? , Boi-'- ’(10O adi Abdis *->l > »n ti jm* *’

tail i* s - it.: - Ft si«fw«dl» * ,yn "ti I edl: . i b . iiii

- V J d-»:: d.’i

ft . ;. pi, mini v.ul 0 j tisF

. i.:t: 1; 1 ^fl‘V SUCuTj . . . Tt.it-!- for .1 - f

, stol yr«H j nttufj c: .: tnr. re- ;tf ;r:

d V ' v

&/ 2'. i 1/

\' t

-.u u

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 41.

An Act for vesting several Messuages and Hereditaments in Sheffield in the County of Yorkt and divers detached Parts of the settled Estates of the Most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in Trustees, upon Trull to fell; and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, and

other wise.

[30th April 18Q2.]

' -

WHEREAS, by-vimie of certain Indentures of Lease and Rr-(e'ale, bearing Dare respectively the Tenth and Eleventh D. ys of Jims, One thousand seven hundred and kxcv-tcven; the said Indenture of Release being of Eight Parts, dnd made between the Moll Nuble Edward Duke of Norfolk, Hereditary E3ri Marfnal of England, by tht ieveraPcnher Titles and further Dtscriptions ohcreiir contained, of the First Part; ihe Most Noble Charles now Duke.df Norfolk, by his then Name and Description of Charles Howard The younger, fcf Greyjloik in the County of Cumberland; Inquire, eldest Son, and Heir Appaient of Charles H'Sdtrl the elder, cYGreyJlcck aforesaid, Esquire, afterwards the Most Noble ChaHes Duke of Norfolk, of the Second Part; Henry Howard, of Sheffield rn the County of York, P,(quire, by his fuc-ther Description therein contained, of the 1 hitd Part; John Buckle Gentleman, of the Fourth Part; Richard Heron Esquire, now Sir Richard Heron. Barhhet, of the Fifth Part; the Right Honourable Richard'. Earl ' of Scarborough and the R ghc Honourable Waliiam E trl of Swafford, of the Sixth Part; Sir Rh.i'ip Musgrave Baronet, Sir Robert Throckmorton \_Loc, Per.] 7 M Baronet,

ilii

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 4r.

Baronet, Thomas Gffiard Esquire, and Thomas Eyre Esquire, of the Seventh Part; and the Most Noble Thomas Duke ot Leeds, the Honourable Marmaduke Langdale Esquire, and William Constable Esquire, of the Eighth Part; and by virtue of several common Recoveries suffered in pursuance thereof, the Castle of Sheffield, the Manors of Sheffield otherwise Sheffield Colley otherwise Cowley, Worral, Whiston, Eccle.field, and treason otherwise Treeton, in the County of York, with the Demcfne and other Lands, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereto belonging, and all other the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, situate, lying, and being in Sb field, Ecclesfield, Bradfield, Tiekhill, Colley otherwise Cowley, Worral, /Ittercliffe, otherwise Addercliffiie, Over Whiston, Nether Whiston, Treason otherwise Treeton, Gilthwaite otherwise Guilthwaite, or in the Parishes, Villages, Towns, Hamlets, or known Places of Sheffield, Todwick, Gleadleas otherwise Gleadbfs, Hallam, Hallamshire, Fulwood, Heeley, Darnalls otherwise Dar-rtall, and Brailwell, and every or any of them, in the said County of York; and the Redories of Sheffield, Ecclesfield, and Tiekhill, and all Tythes of Corn, Grain, and Hay, and other Tytnes growing and renewing in the Parishes of Sheffield, Ecclesfield, and Tiekhill, in the said County of York, and the Advowsons of several Parish Churches in the said County of York; and all those the Manors of Handsworth and High-field, in the said County of York; and all Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments to the said last mentioned Manors belonging; and all other the Castles, Manors, Lands and Hereditaments in the several Places before named, and in Handsworth, Highfeld Handsworth, Woodhouse, Baw-trey, Ofterfield, Rotherham, Bngktfide, and Ojgathorpe, in the said County of York; whereof the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for him, or for his Ule, was or were leiled of any Estate of Freehold or Inheritance, to him and the Heirs Male of his Body, or in Tail general, or any such Term or Interest as ih.rein mentioned; and also the Lands and Grounds called Noeman's Lands, in the County of Siffiex, the Castles of Bramb°r and Lewes, and the Manors of Bramber and Lewes, Horsham, Steaning otherwise Ste\nir.^s, and hboreham, Madehurst, King's Barns, and Biddlington, in the said County of Suffiex; the Barony, Bailiwick, and Rape of Bramber, and the Rape of Lewes, in the said County of Suffiex; the Boroughs of Horsham, Steaning, Shore Lam, and Bramber, in the said County of Suffiex, and divers other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments in the said County of Suffiex, were settled and limited to the Use of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to the Use of the said Richard Earl of Scarborough and William Earl of Strafford, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, upon Trust, to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of the Fi'rft and other Sons of the Body of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, in Tail Male, successively; with Remainder to the Use of the said Sir Philip Musgrave, Sir Robert Throckmorton, Thomas Giffard, and Thomas Eyre, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Three hundred Years, to be computed from the Death of the said Edward of Norfolk, without Impeachment of Waste, upon Trust, to receive the Rents of the said Estates, and by and with the same to pay the Costs and Charges of keeping the Premises in Repair, or the Pre-lervation thereof, and to pay and keep down the Intert ft of such Principal Sums of Money, and such Annuities as the said Edward late Duke of Norfolk should, in Exercise of the Powers therein-after reserved to him.

599

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

and herein-after mentioned, have charged upon the Estates comprised in the said Indenture, and by the Ways and Means therein mentioned, to regulate the Falls of Timber, and manage the Woods upon the said Estates, and to piy or permit the Residue of the said Kents to be received by the Person or Persons who for the Time being should be en- . titled to the said Estates, in Remainder or Reversion, during the Continuance of the said Term; with Remainder to the Use of the said Thomas Duke of Leeds., Marmaduke Lang dal?, and William Constable, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Charles late Duke of Norfolk, without Impeachment of Warte, upon divers Trusts, which are since determined by the Death of the said Charles late Duke of Norfolk-, with Remainder to the Use of the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, and his Alligns, for the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment of Wade; with Remainder to the Use of the said Richard Earl of Scarborough and William Earl of Strafford, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, upon Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the First and other Sons of the Body of the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, in Tail Male successively; with Remainder to the Use of the Second and other Sons of the Body of the said Charles late Duke of Norfolk, in Tail Male fucce(lively; w.th Remainder to the Use of the said Henry Howard and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the Use of the said Richard Earl of Scarborough and William Earl of Strafford, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Henry Howard, upon Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of Bernard Edward Howard, eldest Son of the said Henry Howard, and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the Use of the said Richard Earl of Scarborough and William Earl of Strafford, and their Heirs, during the natural Life of the said Bernard Edward Howard, upon Trust, to furport the contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the Body of the said Bernard Edward Howard, in Tail Male successively; with Remainder to the Use of Henry Thomas Howard, Second Son of tire said Henry Howard, and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the Use of the said Richard Earl of Scarborough and Wil'iam Earl of Strafford, and their Heirs, during the Life of the l'aio Henry Thomas Howard, upon 1 rust, to preserve the contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the Body of the said Henry Thomas Howard, in Tail Male forced! 'ely; with Remainder to the Use of the First Child, if a Male, whereof Juliana, then the Wife of the said Henry Howard, was then enfient (which First Child, if a Male, would be the Third Son of the said Henry Howard of Sheffield), and his Assigns, for the natural Life of such Male Child, without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the Use of the said Richard Earl of Scarborough and William Earl of Strafford, and their Heirs, during the Life of such Male Child, in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of the Fiistand other Sons of the Body of the said Male Child, in Tail Male successively; with Remainder to the Use of the Third Son of the Body of the said Henry Howard, lawfully to be begotten (if the First Child whereof the said Juliana, then the Wife of the said He my Howard, was then enfient, should not be a Male), in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Use of the Fourth and other Sons of the Body of the said Henry Howard, in Tail Male successively, with divers Remainders over: And, in and by the said Indenture of Release

of

6oo

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

of 'he said Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, a Power was reserved and given ro the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, to appoint any annual Sum or yearly Rert-Charge, not exceeding Three thousand five hundred Pounds, Tax-free, ro be issuing out of ail or any Parc of the said Manors and Hereditan enrs to, or in Trust for, the Most Noble Man DuchHsof Norfolk, then the Wife of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, in Addition to her Jointure-, and a Power was also reserved to him of jointuring a future Wife-, and further, a Power was reserved to the said Edward Duke of No folk, to borrow and take up 2t ’Inrereft, and to charge the said Manors and Hereditaments with any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding F fey thousand Pounds, by way of Morgage; and likewise a Power was reiervtd to the said Edward Duke of Norfolk to grant, limit, and appoint, to any Person or Persons, duiing the reipeffive Lives of any Person or Persons, any Annuity or Annuities, not exceeding in the Who.e One thousand five hundred Pounds a Year, Tax-fiee, to be ifituog out of, and charged upon, the said Manors and Hereditament'; which Power la’ft mentioned was exercised by the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, to the Extent of the annual Sum of One thousand two hundred Pounds, or thereabouts, now, by the 1 eaths of several of the Annuitants, become reduced to the yearly Sum of Twenty Pounds: Arid, in and by the said Indenture of Release, of the said Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, a Power was given to the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, to appoint, for the Benefit of his Mother, Catherine late Duchcls of Norfolk, in case Ihe fnotild survive the said Charles late Duke of Norfolk, such yearly Sum, under tuch Proviso as therein mentioned; and also, a Power for the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, and for the respective Tenants for Life respectively, when in Possession, under the Limitations aforesaid, to giant, limit, or appoint, a jointure not exceeding One thousand Pounds a Year, to be issuing out of the said Mali rs and Hereditaments, to and for the Ole of any Woman or Women with whom they should relptdfively marry, or had already intermarried with, and to charge the said Manors and Hereditaments with any Sum not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, for the Portions of younger Sons and Daughters: And whereas, by certain other Indentures of

Eeale and Relcafe, also bearing Da:e respectively the fame Tenth and Eleventh Days of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the said last mentioned Indenture of Relealfc being of Six Paits, and made or mentioned to be made between the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, of the LirIt Part; the faio Charles now Duke of Norfolk, by fits then Description alorslaul, of the Second Part; the said Henry Howard, of the Third Part; the said John-Bucklot the Fourth Part; the said R chard tier n, now Sir Richard I hr or Baronet, of the Pith Part; and the said Richard Earl of Scarborough and IVlluam Lari of Strafford, of the Sixth Part: And by virtue of several common Ilecoveiies lulfcred in pursuance thereof, the Manor or Lordship of IVtrkfopp in the County of Nottingham, ihe Priory Manor ot IVcr kfopp in the Lid County,: the Scite, Circuit, Walk, and Freeing of the Monastery or diifolved Priory of Workfcpp in the said County, the Park of IVcrkfopp, the capital Manlion-house called IVot kfopp Manor Hoitfe, in the said County, and the Park called The Cpm Pa>k, in the Parish of Workfopp, and the Rectories ol fVorkfopp and HarvJorth, the Glebe Lands and.Tyfhes in IVvrkfopp and Harworth, and divers Messuages, Farms, L inds, and Hereditaments,

4*° GEORGII III. Cap. 41. 6ot

reditaraents, situatein Wcrkfopp, Bedford, Gatfford, Gilton, Wells. Wood-felt, Harworth, Shera, Oakes. Kilt on, Rat. life. Steel ly, Darfold, ‘The Latches, Claworth, and fyirrop, in the said County of Nottingham; the Honour of Forncet, and divers Hundreds, Manors, arid Hereditaments, in the County of Norfolk, therein particularly mentioned; and divers Messuages in the City and County of the City of Norwich; and the Manors of Bungay Soke, Bungay Priory, Bungay Burgh, the Fair of Bungay, and divers Tythesand Hereditaments in the County of Suffolk, were (amongst other Hereditaments therein mentioned), settled and limited to the Use of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, and his AJIigns for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to the Use of the said Richard Earl of Scarborough and William Earl of Strafford, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, in Trust;, to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of his Body successively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of the said Charles late Duke of Norfolk, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste i Remainder to the Use of the said Richard Earl of Scarborough and William Earl of Strafford, and their Heirs, in Trust, to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Use of the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, for his Life, with like Limitations and Remainders over, as in and by the saul First recited Indenture of Release of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, were limited, expressed, and declared, touching and concerning the said Castle of Sheffield, and other the Manors and Estates therein mentioned as aforesaid, with a Power, enabling the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, and the respective Tenants for Life respectively, when in Possession, under the Limitations therein contained, to grant, limit, or appoint a Jointure not exceeding One thousand Pounds a Year, to be ilfuing out of the said Manors and Hereditaments, to and for the Use of any Woman or Women with whom they should respectively marry or had already married , and to charge the said Manors and Hereditaments with any Sum not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, for the Portions of Daughters and younger Sons: And whereas the said Edward Duke of Norfolk afterwards purchased of the Right Honourable Robert Edward Lord Petre and Ann Lady Petre, his Wife, several Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate in the Parishes of Shelf Hanger, Brifflngbam, Ken-ninghal, Fairesfield, and Lopham, and Parishes near or adjoining thereto, in the said County of Norfolk, but not being any Part of the Hereditaments herein-after made Lleable; and the said Messuages, Farms, and Hereditaments, so purchased as last mentioned by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date rel’petftively the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Days of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, the said Indenture of Release being of Six Parts, and made between the said Robert Edward Lord Petre and Ann Lady Petre, his Wife, of the First Part; Hen'y Stevens Esquire, of the Second Part; the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, of the Third Part; the said William Earl of Strafford, of the Fourth Part; the said Richard Earl of Scarborough, of the Fifth Part; and Thomas Bernev Bramflon and John Maire, Esquires, of the Sixth Part; and by Fine, levied in pursuance thereoV, were conveyed, settled, and limited, to the Use of the said Thomas Berney Br am ft on and John Maire, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Two thousand Years from thence next ensuing, without Impeachment of Walk, upon [Lee. &Per.} 7 N Trust

4$e GEORGII III. Cap. 4t.

Trust for raising and paying the Sum of Fourteen thousand Pounds for the Purposes and in Manner therein mentioned, and subjerst to the said Term of Two thousand Years, and the Trusts thereof, to the Use of the said William Earl of Strafford, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, upon Trust, forthwith to settle, convey, and allure the said several Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditament, subject and without Prejudice to the said Term of Two thousand Years, to the Use of the said Richard Earl of Scarborough, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, if the said Edward Duke of Norfolk should so long live, without Impeachment of Waste; and from and after the Determination of the said Term, and subject thereto in the mean Time, to the Use of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk and his Assigns, for and during his Life, withouc Impeachment of Waste; and after his Decease, to the Use of such Person and Persons, and for such Estate and Estates, and with such Remainders over, and in such Manner and Form, and by, with, and under such Powers, Provisoes, and Agreements, as the Castle and Manor of Sheffield alias Sheffield, in the said County of fork, did then stand limited, settled, and allured by and under the Limitations contained in the said Indenture of Release of Eight Parts, dated the said Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, therein and hertin-before recited; and, upon further Trust in the mean Time, and until such Settlement and Conveyance should be made, to permit and suffer the said several Messuages, Hereditaments, and Premises, subject and without Prejudice to the said Term of Two thousand Years, to be held and enjoyed by such Person and Persons, and for such Estate and Estates, and in such Manner and Form as would be from Time to Time intirled to hold and enjoy the said Manor and Castle of Sheffield, in the said Coun-y oi York, by and under the Emulations contained in the said Indenture of Release of Eight Parts, and should from Time to Time stand Iciftd of the said Ptcmiies accordingly: And whereas by Indenture bearing Date the fame Twenty-third day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, made between the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, of the First Part; the said Robert Edward Lord Petre and Am Lady Petre, his Wife, of the Second Part; and the said Thomas Re' ney Bram/lon and John Maire, of the Third Part; the said Edward Duke of Norfolk did, in pursuance of the Power given to and vested in him in and by the said First herein-before recited Indenture of Release of Eight Parts, of the said Eleventh Day of June One thousand l'even hundred and sixty-seven, authorizing him to charge the Estates therein mentioned wirh any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, charge several Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Parishes of Sheffield, IViston, Handsworth, Trceton, and Ecelesfield, therein particularly mentioned, (being Part of the Hereditaments comprised in and limited and lectled by the said First herein-before recited Indenture of Ilcleale, (but not Part of the Hereditaments hereinafter made saleable), with the Payment of the Principal Sum of Sixteen thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof after the Rate therein mentioned; and the said Edward Duke of Norfolk did thereby demise unto the said Thomas Berney Brrmston and John Maire, all and singular the said Mefliijges, Farms, and Lands, so charged with the Payment of the 1 id Sixteen thousand Pounds, and Interest for the Term of Five hundred Years, for better freuring the Paymenc of the said Sixteen thousand Pounds and Interest: And whereas the Lid Mary Duchess of Norfolk

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

died in the Life time of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, and he, the Lid Edward Duke of Norfolk, died on the Twentieth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, without IlTue, and without marrying a Second Wife: And whereas the said Catherine Duchess of Norfolk, the Wife of the said Charles late Duke of Norfo'k, died in the Life time of the said Duke; and the said Charles late Duke of Norfolk departed this Life on the Thirty-first day of August One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, without leaving any other IlTue than the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk: And whereas the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk hath not, at present, any IlTue: And whereas the said Henry Howard departed this Life on the Eleventh Day of November One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, leaving IlTue Male Three Sons; namely, the said Bernard Edward Howard, Henry Thomas Howard, and Edward Charles Howard, and no other IlTue Male: And whereas the Child whereof the said Juliana, the Wife of the said Henry Howard, was enficnt at the Date of the said Two Indentures of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, as therein mentioned, was a Daughter: And whereas the said Bernard Edward Howard hath IlTue One Son, named Henry, who is an Infant of the Age of Ten Years or thereabouts, and no other IlTue; and the said Henry Thomas Howard hath not at present any IlTue , and the said Edward Charles Howard, the Third Son of the said Henry Howard, who was born a considerable Time after the Date of the said respective Settlements of the Eleventh D>.y of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven namely, on the Twenty-eighth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, is Tenant in Tail Male in Remainder expectant on the Deaths of the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, the said Bernard Edward Howard, and Henry Thomas Hep ord, and the Failure of IlTue Male of their respective Bodies, of and in the Castles, Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments comprised in, and settled and limited in Manner aforesaid, by the said Two Indentures of Release and Settlement of the Eleventh Day of Ju te One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and the said Indentuic cf Release of the Twenty-third Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one: And whereas the Hereditaments comprised in the find Two several Indentures of Release and Settlement, bearing Dare respectively the said Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and in the said Indenture of Release of the Twenty-third Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, are of very considerable yearly Value; and Parts of the Hereditaments comprised in the said Two Indentures of Release and Settlement of the said Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, are situate in and near the Town of Sheffield in the County of York, and confilt of a great Number of Houses and Tenements, partly let at Rack-Rents, and partly on Leases for long Terms of Years, and of detached Parcels of Land; and other Parts of the Hereditaments comprised in the said several Indentures of Release and Settlement confilt of sundry Rents or yearly Sums, reserved or payable for or in lieu of Tythes, under certain Inclosure Adt‘, and of Tythes of Lands belonging to Other Persons, and of sundry detached Farms, Lands, and Cottages; which Houses and Tenements, and detached Parcels of Land, yearly Sums, Tythes, and detached Farms, Lands, and Cottages, if made laleable, might be fold with great Advantage, in Point of Price, for those interested under the Entail

6o4

TheMefTiiage* and Premiers rotnpriled in the Indentures herein recited and set foi th in the Schedule hereto annexed, veiled in Trustees to be told*

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

tail thereof: And whereas the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, is seised in Fee Simple of the Manor of Dorking, the Advowson of the Vicarage of Dorking, and diversLands and other Hereditaments in the County of Surry, and of the Advowson of the Vicarage of Stoning, and divers Lands and other Hereditaments in Sttyniag, Bramber, andellewhere, tn the fat i County of Sussex, the principal Paits of which have been the ancient Estates of the Family, and are convenient to be held with the Gallic ot Arundel, and the said Manors of Sieyning and Bramber, and the other settled Estates of the Family, in the said Counties of Suffix and Surry; and also is Ceiled or entitled in Fee Simple of or to the Tythes issuing out of Parcs of the said settled Estates in Workfopp aforesaid, and other Places in the said County of Nottingham; and likewise is seised or entitled in F e Simple of or to the Castle of Bungay, and Estates in and near the several Manors and Estates of and in Bungay and elsewhere, in the said County of Suffb.lt, included in the said Settlement of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, secondly herein-bcfoie menti'ined, which said Tythes in Workfopp and elltwhere, in the said County of Nottingham, and which said Castle and other Fee Simple Estates of the said Chants now Duke of Norfolk, in the said County of Suffolk, are also convenient to be held with Parts of the said settled Estates: And whereas the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, Bernard Edward Howard, Henry Thomas Howard, and Edward Charles Howard are dtfnous that the said Houses and Tenements \n Sheffield, and the said yeaily Sums, Tytl.es, and detached Parts of the said lettled Estates should be fold, and that the Money to arise by such Sale should be applied in paying off the said several Principal Sums of Sixteen thousand Pounds and Fourteen thousand Pounds charged on Parts of the said settled Estates as aforesaid; and also in paying off such other Principal Sums now charged on the said settled Effaces, or any of them, as herein after mentioned, and in purchasing the aforesaid Fee Simple Estates of the said Charles now Duke cf Norfolk, and such other Estates as fh.il) be deemed proper; but by reason of the Limitations contained in the said recited Indentures of Release and Settlement, and in respect that there are not any Powers of Sale or Exchange in any of the said Settlements, the fame cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: Therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, Bernard Edward Howard, on Behalf of himself and his said Infant Son, and the said Henry Thomas Howard, and Edward Charles Howard, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular such Messuages, Tenements, or Dwelling Houses and Buildings, with the Yard1, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, comprised in and limited and settled by the said Indenture of Release of Eight Parts, bearing Date the said Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; and all and singular such Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground comprised in the fame Indenture of Release, as are fituitc, lying, and being in the several Streets, Lanes, and Places within or near, or adjoining to the Part of the Town of Sheffield in the said County of York, lying to the North West, the West- and the South West of the Rivers Dunn and Sheaf., (save and except the Castle Hill and Scite of the late Castle of Sheffield aforesaid, with the Buildings and Grounds between the fame and Waingate Street and Dixon Lane re-6 spectively.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

spectively, the New Market Place and Buildings thereon erected, the Messuage or Tenement, and Appurtenances called The Tontine Inn, and the Building called The AJfay Office, and the House usually occupied by the Duke of Norfolk's Steward, and the Buildings attached thereto, with the Appurtenances), which said Messuages, Tenements, or Dwelling Houses, Buildings, and Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, (save and except as aforesaid), are now let on Leases for long Terms of Years and at Will; and also all the Tythes of the Townships or Hamlets of Atter-eliffe and Darnall, within the Parish of Sheffield in the said County of York, being other Part of the said Hereditaments and Premises comprised in and settled by the said Indenture of Release of Eight Parts, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; and also all Compositions or yearly Sums, or other Payments in lieu or in re-spedt of Tythes of Lands lying and being in the several Parishes of Sheffield and Ecclesfield, or either of them, (other than and except the Tythes or other Payments in respect of such Lands in the said Parishes or Town-ships, as are Part of the Estates comprised in and settled by the said Indenture of Release of Eight Parts, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, not by this Act intended to be made saleable), which said Compositions or yearly Sums or other Payments, are other Part of the Hereditaments and Premises comprised in and settled by the Indenture last mentioned; and also several Closes, Pieces, or Parcels of Land and Ground, Erections, and Buildings, which are situate in the Parishes of Sheffield, Whifion, and Ecclesfield, in the said County of York, and constitute other Part of the Estates comprised in the said Indenture of Settlement of Eight Parts, bearing Date the said Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and are particularly described in the Schedule to this Act and also all that Messuage or Tenement, or Farm, with the Lands thereto belonging, situate in the Parishes of Todwick, Dinnington, and Anston, in the said County of York, now or late in the Tenure or Occupation of James Taylor, and containing together by Efti-mation One hundred and fourteen Acres Two Roods and Thirty-two Perches or thereabouts, being other Part of the said Hereditaments and Premises comprised in and settled by the said Indenture of Release of Eight Parts, of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; and also all that Messuage or Tenement, or Farm called Brancroft Farm, with the Lands thereto belonging, in the Parish of Aufterfield in the said County of York, and now or late in the Tenure or Occupation of Nathaniel Whitaker, and containing together by Estimation One hundred and forty-eight Acres Three Roods and Seventeen Perches or thereabouts , and also all that Messuage or Tenement, or Farm, with the Lands thereto belonging, situate at. Stirrup, in the said County of Nottingham, and now or late in the Tenure or Occupation of Anthony Ingall, and containing together by Estimation One hundred and sixty Acres One Rood and Thirty Perches; and also all that Messuage or Tenement, or Farm, with the Lands thereto belonging, situate ac Stirrup aforesaid, in the Tenure or Occupation of Joseph Blacher, containing together Eighty-three Acres and Thirty-three Perches; and also all that Messuage, situate in Stirrup aforesaid, with the Land thereto belonging, now or late in the Tenure or Occupation of William Hatfield, and containing by Estimation Four Acres and Thirty-seven Perches or thereabouts; and also all that Messuage, with its Garden in Stirrup aforesaid, now or late in the Occupation of William [Loc. C? Per.] 7 O Roe;

6o6

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

Roe5 and also all those several Pieces or Parcels of Land already allotted, or which shall be allotted to the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, or other the Person or Persons aforesaid, under several Acts of Parliament lately made and passed for inclosing the Open and Common Fields in several Townships, situate in or near the Parish of Harworth in the said County of Nottingham, and several Corn Rents to be fixed by the Commissioners under the Harworth Inclosure, in respect of certain Tythes of Lands in the said Parish; and also several Chief Rents or Quit Rents, payable to the Lord of the Manor of Workfopp, and of the adjoining Manors; and also all those Buildings and Gaidens situate in and near Horkfopp, in the said County of Nottingham, now or late in the Occupa ion of Robert Hide; and the Messuage and Malt-house, with the Appurtenances in Work-fopp aforesaid, now or late in the Occupation of William Hancock; and all those Six fever.il Tenements in or near Workfopp aforesaid, now or late in the several Occupations of Matter Stentcn, William Siffons, Thomas Handley, James Watson, and John Breedon; and all those Two Messuages and Gardens situate in or near Workfopp aforesaid, and now or late in the Occupation of Peter Mathews and John Eyre-, and a Piece of Land situate in or near Workfopp, and now or late in the Occupation of John Read-, and Two Cottages situate in or near Workfopp, and now or late in the Occupation of Richard Marsh, and a Piece of Landfituate in or near Workfopp, and now or late in the Occupation of George Dunstan Esquire, Containing One Acre and Two Roods; and also sundry Tenements and detached Parcels of Land in the Parishes of Arundel and Little Hampton in the said County of Sussex; and also all and all Manner cf Tythes whatsoever, yearly arising, growing, or renewing in the Paiilhes of Saint John and Margaret’s, I.ket-fall, and Saint Mary’s, in Bungay, in the County of Suffolk; the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Rems, Tythes, and Hereditaments herein-before mentioned, susbequently to the said Messuages, Farms, and Lands in Todwick, Hinnington, and Anston, being partly Estates comprised in the said Indenture of Settlement of Eight Parts, of the Eleventh Day ofjune One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; and partly Estates comprised in the said other Indenture of Settlement of Six Parts, of the fame Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; all which said Messuages, Tythes, Compositions, or yearly Sums, Farms, Lands, Flerediraments, and Premises herein-before mentioned to be Parts of the Estates comprised in the said Indenture of Release of Eight Parts, of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and the said Indenture of Six Parts of the fame Date, are more particularly described or mentioned in the Schedule to this Act of Parliament; and also all and singular Houses, Outhouses, Edifices, Buildings, Gardens, Ways, Paths, Paf-l'ages, Easements, Waters, Watercourses, Liberties, Privileges, Hereditaments, Rights, Members, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the fame Messuages, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises so more particularly described or mentioned in the said Schedule, or to any of them, or any Part thereof belonging or in any wise appertaining, or to or with the fame or any of them, or any Part thereof, now or at any Time heretofore held, used, occupied, or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, deemed, taken, or known as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof, or of any Part thereof, shall, from and after the passing of this Act be, and the same are hereby veiled in Thomas IVybergh of Clifton Hetll, in the County of Westmoreland, Barrister at Law,

Jl

4.2° GEORGII III. Cap. 41. 607

and Vincent Henry Eyre of Sheffield in the County of York, Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Ul'e of them the said Thomas Wybergh and Vincent Henry Eyre, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and ag linft all and singular the Ul'es, Eftaes, Entails, Remainders, Limitations, Trusts,

Powrrs, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements in and by the said Two several indentures of Settlement of the said Eleventh Day of "June One thoulanil seven hundred and sixty-seven, and the said Indenture of Re-lease of the said Twenty-third Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one respectively limited, cxprclfed, or declared of and concerning the same Hereditaments and Premises respectively, (except as herein-after provided), but nevertheless upon the Tiufts, and to and for the Ends, Intents, and Purposes herein-after expressed and declared (that is to say), upon Trust, that they the said Thomas Wybergh and Vincent Henry Eyre, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor do and shall, as soon as conveniently may be, (with the Approbation of the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, during his Life, to be testified by Writing under his Hand and Seal; and after his Death, with the Approbation of the Person, who according to the Ul'es limited by the said Two Indentures of Release and Settlement, dated the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and fixry-leven. and the said Indenture of Release, dated the Twenty-third Day of March One thousand seven hundred and fiventy-one, would for the Time being be beneficially entitled in PosseHion to the Hereditaments and Premises hereby vrftrd as aforesaid for his L'fe, or for an Estate of Inheritance, if this Act was not made, to be testified by Writing under his Hand and Seal; or if such Person shall be an Infant, then with the Appe bition of his Guardian or Guardians, to be testified by Writing under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals), make Sale and dispose of all or any of the said Messuages or Tenements, Tythes, Hereditaments, and Premises hereby vested in them the said Thomas Wybergh and Vincent Henry Eyre, their Heirs and Assigns as aforesaid, or intended so to be, either together or in Parcels, and either by publuk Auction or private Contract, unto any Person or Persons at the bell Price or Prices in Money that can at the Time of such Sale or Sales be reasonably obrained for the fame; and upon Payment into the Bank or otherwise, in Manner herein-after mentioned, of the Purchase Money for which the said Hereditaments and Premises so hereby made saleable, or any Part thereof, shall be so fold, do and shall convey and assure the fame Hereditaments, or such of them, as shall be sold for any Purchase Money which shall be fu paid inro the Bank or otherwise, as herein-after is directed, unto and to the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Hereditaments, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, or as he or they shall direct or appoint.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That any Person or Persons to purchareMo-whom the said Thomas Wybergh and Vincent Henry Eyre, or the Survivor neytobeap-of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, shall by virtue of this Act, make /"S

any Sale or Sales of any of the Hereditaments and Premises hereby and i4..)o'/. vtlled in Trust to be loid as aforesaid, shall, if the said Thomas Wybergh sam^tex*1" and Vincent Henry Eyre, or the Survivor of them, dr the Heirs or Assigns ceedhig 4000l. of such Survivor shall so require, pay the Whole or any Part or Parts fh3E°ta-

of ett e a‘"'

6oB

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

of his or their Purchase Money or Purchase Monies, in or towards satisfying and discharging the said Principal Sums of Sixteen thousand Pounds and Fourteen thousand Pounds, or either of them, and any other Principal Sum of Money notv charged upon the said settled Estates, or upon any Part thereof, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, to the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be intitled to such Principal Sums or Sum; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons who shall be so intitled to the fame Principal Monies respectively, shall be a Efficient Discharge and sufficient Discharges to the Person or Persons who shall make any such Payment.

Remainder of the Money shall be paid into the Bank in the Name of the Accountant General in Chancery, to be afterwards invelted in the Purchase of Premises to be settled to the former Uses.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall arise from any Sale or Sales made in pursuance of this Act, and shall not be applied in or towards satisfying and discharging any such Principal Sum or Sums as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Person or Persons to whom such Sale or Sales shall be made, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Putchafers of the Duke of Norfolk’s settled Estates, pu suant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year ot King George the First, Chapter Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-fourth; and so soon as conveniently may be, after such Sum and Sums of Money shall have been so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, the same shall upon a Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, by the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, during his Life, and after his Deceale by the Person or Persons who shall, according to the Uses limited by the said Two several Indentures of Release and Settlement of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and the said Indenture of Release of the Twenty-third Day of March Or.e thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, be for the Time being beneficially entitled in Possession as aforesaid, if such Person shall be of full Age; but if such Person or Persons shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, then by his or their Guardian or Guardians respectively, be laid out and inverted in the Purchase or Purchases of the Fee Simple Freehold Ma-norsi Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, in the said Counties of Swry, Sussex, and Suffolk, or of such Part or Parts thereof as shall be approved by the said Court of Chadcery; and in the Purchase or Purchases of the Fee Simple of such other Freehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as shall be contiguous to or convenient to be holden or enjoyed with the said Manors and Hereditaments, entailed by the said Two several Indentures of Settlement, of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and the said Indenture of Settlement of the Twenty-third Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and not hereby made saleable, or some or One of them; and from and immediately alter the making of such Purchase or Purchases, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be purchased shall be conveyed, settled, and affiured to the Uses upon and for the Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject: to the Powers, Limitations, and Restrictions which by the said Two several Indentures of Settle-7 mem

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

ment of the Eleventh Day ,of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and the said Indenture of Rcleal'e of the Twenty-third Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, were limited or declared of or concerning the same several Manors and Estates thereby settled, or such of the said Uses, Trulls, Intents, Purposes, Powers, Provides, Limitations, or Restrictions as shall be then fubiifting, and capable of taking Effect.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall UntilPurchaf-be paid into the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General in Mo»ey"tobe Manner herein-before directed, or so much thereof as shall not be or- laid out inNa-dered by the said Court of Chancery to be applied in the Payment of Baif Trlr* Costs and Expences according to the Direction herein-after contained, shall in the mean Time and until the fame Monies shall be inverted in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid, be from Time to Time laid out under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery in the Purchase of Navy, or Victualling, or Transport Bills, or Exchequer Bills-, and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy, or Victualling, or Transport Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame, should they or any of them be paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General in the Purchase of other Navy, or Victualling, or Transport Bills, or Exchequer Bills; and all the said Navy and Victualling Bills, and Transport and Exchequer Bills, shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until proper Purchases shall be found and approved as herein-before directed, and until the fame shall, upon Petition setting forth such Approbation, to be preferred to the Court of Chancery in a summary Way, by the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, or the Person who for the Time being shall be beneficially entitled in Possession to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments to be purchased as aforesaid; or if such Person shall be under Age, then of his Guardian or Guardians, be ordered to be sold by the Accountant General for the compieating such Purchase or Purchases in such Manner as the said Court shall think just and direct; and if the Money aiifing by the Sale of such Navy, Vidiualling, Transport, or Exchequer Bills shall exceed the Amount of the whole Purchase Money when laid out as aforesaid, then and in such Case only the Surplus which shall remain shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchased pursuanc to this Act, or to the Reprelcncatives of such Person or Persons.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful The Court of for the Court of Chancery, from Time to Time, to make an Order for taxing and settling all Costs, Charges, and Expences width have been for taxing or shall be incurred in obtaining and parting this Act, and in making C^yneurred of the several Applications to the said Court, in pursuance hereof, and this Act!' " in making and compieating the Sale and Sales of the Lands and Hereditaments hereby made laleable, and in inverting all or any of the Monies which under this Act shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, according to the Directions herein contained, or otherwise in carrying the Trulls and Purposes of this Act into Execution j and also from Time to Time to make an Order [Loc. & Ptr.~\ 7 P for

609

6io

Certificates of the Accountant General, with the Ke-Cc ipts of the Cashier of the Bank, of the Payment of the Furthafe Money, sufficient Discharge.

Rents of the

Premises to be received by the Persons entitled thereto till Sales are made.

Providing for Appointment of new Trnf-tees, in case of Death, &c.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

for Payment of all such Costs, Charges, and L'xpences as aforesaid, out of the Monies which shall arise from any Sale or Sales of any Lands or Hereditaments under this Act, and shall be so paid into the Bank as alore-laid, or out of the Monies arising by Sale of the Navy, Victualling, Transport, or Exchequer Bills to be purchased as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of the said Accountant General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of One of the Cashiers of the Bank to be thereto annexed, and therewith filed in the Regiller Office of the said Court of Chancery, of the Payment into the Bank of England, by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold, of his or their Purchase Monies respectively; or of such Part or Parts thereof as shall not have been paid in Discharge of Incumbrances according to the Authority herein-before given, or of any Part of such Purchase Monies, shall from Time to Time be and be deemed to be good and effectual Discharges to such Purchaser or Purchasers, and to his or their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the said Purchase Monies, or so much thereof for which such Certificates and Receipts shall be respectively given; and, after filing such Certificates and Receipts as aforesaid, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the same Monies, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, and until such Sales shall be made as aforesaid of the Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold, they the said Thomas IVybergh and Vincent Henry Eyre, and the Survivor of them, and his Heirs shall permit and fuller the Rents and Profits of the said Hereditaments to be had, received, and taken by such Person or Persons as would respectively have been entitled to, and ought to have held, received, and enjoyed the fame in case this Act had not been made.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if both or either of them the said Thomas Wybergh and Vincent Henry Eyre, or any future Trustee or Trustees, who shall succeed 10 them or either of them, or shall be appointed in the Stead or Place of them or either of them, as herein-after mentioned, shall die, or desire to relinquish the Trusts hereby in them or him reposed, or shall refuse or decline to act, or become incapable to act in the said Tiufls, or shall go out of Great Britain before the said Trusts shall be fully performed and executed, then and so often as any such Case shall happen, it shall be lawful for the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, or such Person as for the Time being would be beneficially entitled in Possession, according to the Uses limited by the Settlements herein-before recited, to the Hereditaments hereby made saleable, or if such Person shall be an Infant, then for his Guardian or Guardians, by any Writing or Writings under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, and to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; from Time to Time to nominate, substitute, and appoint any Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Stead or Place of the Trustee or Trustees so dying, or desiring to be discharged, or going out of Great Britain, or refusing, declining, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and that when and so soon, and as often as any new Trustee or Trustees shall

6n

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, and such Nomination and Appointment shall have been approved of by an Order of the said Court of Chancery in a summary Way, on a Petition by the Person or Persons making such Nomination or Appointment, or any Person beneficially interested, all the Trust Estates and Premises which shall be then vetted in the Trustee or Trustees lb dying, or desirous of being discharged, or refusing, declining, or becoming incapable to act, or going out of Great Britain as aforesaid, ei.her solely or jointly with the other Trustee or Trustees, shall thereupon with all convenient Speed be conveyed and transferred in such Sort and Manner, and so that the fame Trust Estates and Premises shall and may be legally and effectually vetted in the surviving or continuing Trustee or Trustees thereof, and such new or other Trustee or Trustees; or if there shall be no continuing Trustee or Trustees, then in such new Trustees only, upon the fame Trutts, and for the fame Intents and Purposes as are herein-before declared of and concerning the said Trust Estates and Premises, or such and so many of the fame Trusts as shall or may be then subsisting and capable of taking Effect; and that such new Trustee or Trustees shall and may in all Things act in the Management, carrying on, and Execution of the Trusts to which he and they respectively shall be appointed, as fully and effectually, and with all the fame Powers and Authorities to all Intents, Effects, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if he or they had been originally in and by this Act nominated a Trustee or Trustees for the Purposes for which such new Trustee or Trustees respectively shall be appointed a Trustee or Trustees.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no- Nottoaffefl thing in this Act contained shall extend to prejudice or affect the most of the’ N<-ble Frances Duchess of Norfolk, the Wife of the said Charles now Ducheis of Duke of Norfolk, or her Assigns, in respect of the yearly Sum of Three Norfolk. hundred Pounds, secured to the said Duchess by way of additional Pin Money, or the yearly Sum of One thousand Pounds, also secured for the said Duchess by way of additional Jointure, by a certain Indenture bearing Date the Twenty-eighth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, made between the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk and the said Duchess of the One Part, and the Right Honourable Charles late Lord Southampton, by his then Description of the Honourable Charles Fitzroy, Brother of the mod Noble Augustus Duke of Grafton, and Sir FLingerford Hojkyns Baronet, of the other Part; and which additional Jointure was so secured by the Appointment of the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, under the Power of jointuring herein-before mentioned to be contained in the said Indenture of Eight Parts, of the Eleventh Day of "June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, or in respect of any Powers or Terms of Years given and created for securing the said additional Pin Money and additional Jointure; bur that (he the said Frances Duchess of Norfolk, and her Assigns, and her Trustees, shall, in respect of the said additional Pin Money and yearly Sum for additional Jointure, have the fame Right, Title, and Interest, Terms of Years, or other Estate, as (he and they had or mighc or could have had, in calc this Act had not been made.

X. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That it provi6ontobe shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, in the Settlements to be ma,de so.r ther

- madeI,demmtyof

612 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.1.

thepurclmfers made of the Estates to be purchasd and settled in pursuance of this Act, against^oin" to direct such Provision to be irtlerted for the Indemnity of the Porchafers ture, etc. of the Estates hereby made saleable against the said Pin Money and additional Jointure, gs the said Court of Chancery shall deem proper.

XI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, and the said Bernard Edward Howard, and Henry Thomas How-> ard, and their respective First and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of the Body and respective Bodies of all and every such Son and Sons, and the said Edward Charles Howard, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and all and every other the Person and Persons claiming or to claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest of, in, and to the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Hereditaments, and Premises hereby veiled in Trust as aforesaid, under or by virtue of the said Two fevetal recited Indentures of Release, of the Eleventh Day of September One thousand seven hundred and f’xty-seven, and Indenture of Release of the Twenty-third Day of March One thousand seven hundred and fevemy-one, or any or either of them), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of, in, to, or out of the fame Messuages, Lands, Tenements/ Tythes, Hereditaments, and Premises, and every or any Part thereof as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

XII. And it is hereby enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed in all Courts as a publick Atft, and shall accordingly be taken Notice of in all Courts as such, without specially pleading the same.

The

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41

613

The SCHEDULE

to which the foregoing Ad refers.

PARISH OF SHEFFIELD,

In and near the Town of Sheffield.

SEVERAL Messuages or Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments, with the Yards, Gardens, and Appurtenances, held on Leases for long Terms of Years, situate in the several Streets, Lanes, and Places, and let at several yearly Rents, amounting to the yearly Sums following,

videlicet.

Yearly Kents.

In Arundel-street and Lane, sundry Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, let at several yearly Rents, £ s, d.

amounting to - - \QS 19 0

In Angel-street ditto 2 0 0

In Blind-lane, and at the Back and near ditto >9 14 6

In Broad-lane, and near ditto 57 12 6

In Bailey-street and Lanes, and near ditto 51 15 0

Bull-stake (Haymarket) ditto 20 12 0

Bridge-street - ditto 1 10 0

Bright-street - . ditto. 1 10 0

Brailsforth Orchard ditto 11 5 0

Bower-spring . ditto . 7 5 6

Charles-street, Lane and near ditto 37 2 6

Carver-street - ... ditto 17 6

Church-lane, and near - - ditto 15 13 6

Campo-lane - ditto . 8 4 6

Crabtree Dole ... ditto . a 5 0

Castle Green Head ditto. 5 10 0

Collon Crofts ... ditto . 46 3 6

Colley Nook ditto 2 0 0

Duke-street (North Side) ditto 2 1 0

Duke (freet, Sheffield Moor ditto 1 0 6

Eyre-streer, and near ditto 122 4 2

Furr.ival-street, and near ditto 10 3

Farrgate, and near LLec. £sf Per.] ' 7 ditto 27 16 6 Flat-

42° GEORGII

Flat'street Furnace Hill Garden-streec

Gibraltar, and Gibraltar-street Heartfhead

Howarci-street -

Hicks-lane

Hereford-street

Hick-Stile-fields

Jehu-lane

Irish-cross -

King’s-street

Lee Croft

Lambert Croft, and near

Market-place

Marker-flreec

Town Mill -

Mill Sands, sundry Messuages, &c.

Milk-street

Norfbjk-street and Row Pond-lane, and near Ponds Pondwell Hill

Pond Tilts Red Croft Rockingham-street Shude Hill Sheffield Moore Little'Sheffield Moor Surry-strefet

Spring-street, and Spring Croft Sycatndrt Afreet Theatre 1'

Trippet-lane, and near Sceel-Hoirie-lane j

Solly-stredt Shaw Tongue

Swift’s Dole -

Scotland-street, and near

Shimeld Croft

Townbead-street

Union-street

Waterdane

West-ftrret

West-Bar, and West-Bar Green Workhouse-lane

III. Cap. 41.

Yearly Rents. jT. s. d.

amounting to 5 10 0

ditto 6 10 0

ditto 35 17 6

ditto 40 19 6

ditto 4 5 0-

ditto 55 16 0

ditto 1 3 0

ditto 1 16 0

ditto 0 12 0

ditto 10 1 0

ditto 8 8 0

ditto 44 14 0

ditto 11 9 0

ditto 3 3 0

ditto 44 6 0

ditto 3° 10 0

ditto 6? 0 0

38 5 6

ditto 4 10 0

ditto 130 17 0

ditto 140 «9 6

ditto .111 5 0

ditto 3 4 b

ditto ?-3 0 0

ditto 3 10 6

ditto 9 8 0

ditto 28 8 61

ditto 94 15 6

ditto 12 4 0

ditto 19 14 6

ditto 38 19 6

ditto 30 18 6

ditto 5 5

ditto 21 14 0

- ditto 2 2 0

- ditto 2 10 0

ditto 2 7 0

ditto 5 13 6

ditto 8 0 0

ditto 12 12 0

ditto 21 1 6

ditto 10 0 0

ditto 1 10 0

ditto 26 0 0

ditto 64 10 0

- ditto 1 10 0: afoG

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41

SEVERAL Messuages or Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditament, with the Yards, Gardens, and Appurtenances, situate in the fever,ii Streets, Lanes, and Places following; and held at Will, at and under several yearly Rents, amounting to the ycaily Sums following, viz.

Bailey-street Blind-lane Broad-lane Burgesses of Sheffield Bower Spring-lane Carver-street Colfon Crofts Colley Nook Crab Tree Dole Garden-street Gibraltar

King-streer, supposed worth Jehu-lane Lambert Croft Lee Croft Near the Angel Inn Mill Sands New Hall-street Norfolk-street Pinfold-lane Pond-lane Ponds €>hude Hill Spring Croft Swift’s Dole Sycamore-street Townhead-street Trippet-lane Water-lane West B irr

Near the Welt Batr Green

Yearly Rents. £ ' d. 060

- 4 13 9

- 036

- -

- 4 16 2i

«=* 1 16 io£

- 267

- 8210

- 0 7 84

- 0184

, I- 9 0

0 0 0 't

" 1417 n

11 >5 5

u JO 3 4

- 0 5 10

628

- 096

- l9 71

0 6 7i

- *5 3

- 27 7 oi

- 9 3 9

- *3 9 9i

" 1 0 0

- 5 4

.: 7 :.1 20 5 0

- 1 6 111

044

" 1 16 9

Attercliffe and Darnall.

The Tythes of Land (belonging to several Persons) situate in Attercliffe and Darnall, containing 145 Acres, or thereabouts, and which arc confideied to be of the yearly Value of - - - - at 15 o

6i6

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

PARISH OF ECCLESFIELD.

The several yearly Sums payable in respect of the Tythes of Lands of sundry Persons in the Parish of Ecclesfield, fixed by, or in pursuance of a certain Act of Parliament, for inclosing Part of the Land and Commons in the said Parish, amounting together to the yearly Sum of £.165 .10 ti£ or thereabouts -

PARISH OF SHEFFIELD, continued.

Townjhp of Brightfide Bicrlow.

The several yearly Sums payable in respect of Lands of sundry Persons in the Township of Brightfide Bierlow, fixed by or in pursuance of a certain Act of Parliament for inclosing Commons within the said Township, amounting together to the yearly Sum of £.22 7 4 or thereabouts

Upper Hallam and Nether Hallam.

The several yearly Sums payable in respect of Lands of sundry Persons in the Townships of Upper Hallam and Nether Hallam, fixed and to be awarded by or in pursuance of a certain Act of Parliament, for inclosing the Open Fields and Commons within the Manor of Shefiield, amounting to the yearly Sum ’-of /.48 18 ii| or thereabouts .1 <* 1

In and ftear tie Town of SHEFFIELD.

Several Parcels of Land in Bailey Fields, together abouc.

A Building Lot or Parcel- of Ground in West-street, about -

Ditto Top of Carver-street, about Ditto in Button-lane, about Ditto in ditto, about.

A triangular Lot, at the Top of Sheffield Moor -

A Lot of Ground on Little Sheffield Moor, fronting Tudor-street Ditto on ditto, fronting Hereford-street

Measurement.

A. R. P.

3 0 0

0 1 10

0 0 3°'

0 0 33

0 0 *1

0 0 14

0 0 20

0 2 to.

Yearly RentJ.

£. s. d. 165 10 it-.

22 7 4

w

48 18 Ili Yearly Rents. 5 0 0

2 0 0

The

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

The Bennet Wheel Buildings, Dam, and Ground, in Lease for 63 Years, from Lady Day 1782, to Edward Bennet A Loc of Waste Ground adjoining the Bennet Wheel Waste Grounds in Colfon Crofts Several Parcels of Land adjoining Alsop Fields, and which have long lain open, afcouc

A Parcel of Land proposed to be separated from the Inclosures in the Line of Duke-street, Charles-street, and Furnival-street, respectively, to preserve the Uniformity of the Building Scheme Part of Brocca Bank Close, unbuilt on, and lying open, about Coal Yard in the Ponds, Steam Engine, and Shop Yards, Wood Yard, See.

The Dam Banks and Goiglus, and vacant Ground Ponds ... Several Gardens at the Top of Broad-lane Five Closes lying to the West of the Town, held by Edwatd Fcfter, containing Three Closes near the above, in the Tenure of- Elizabeth Brightinore, called the Three Cross Fields ;-

Elizabech Brightmore’s Building Lor, in Lease for a long Term A Close, with a House and Garden, in the Tenure of Mr. Hugh Cheney Two Closes, in the Tenure of William Fairbank, containing William Fairbanks Building Lot, in Lease for a long Term -

A Close, near Broomhall-lane, in the Tenure of Richard Morton.

Townhead Close, lately converted into cGardens', about -

Four Closes, in the Occupation of Rebecca Loftus, containing -

Mrs. Rebecca Loftus’s Building Lot, in Lease for a long Term A Close and Garden, in the Tenure of Thomas Bryant.

Part of a Close, near the above, the remaining Part having been given to the Infirmary in Exchange, about The Upper and Lower Shales, Moor Close, in the Tenure of Francis Oates 1 {Ltt. & Per.~] jR

Measurement. Yearly Rents.

A. R. P. £. s. d.

2 O IO OO 00 O

100

500

2 0 0 100

3 0 0 300

2 0 0 100 1

I 2 2

h 20 0 0

2 3 34 J 1

1 3 6 1000

8 1 12 15 0 0

4 3 0 660

0 0 32 3 10 0

2' 3 4 700

3 3 7 500

0 0 32 400

1 2 36 4 4 0

223 800

7 32 21 0 0

0110 5 5 0

2 0 33 5 00

j 2 2 ... 1" 300

i *27 3 10 0

Three

617

6i8

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 4r.

Three Closes, lately held by Samuel Mar.

shall deceased, containing A Garden on the Banks of the River Dun, held by Luke Marfden A Garden, held by John Milner The Long Croft, held by Joseph Bower Two Cloles in the Tenure of John Read, containing.

The Two Long Crofts, held by Samuel Grubb, together -

Samuel Grubb’s Building Lot, on Lease for a long Term, about Long Croft, in the Tenure of John Hinch-cliffe ..

Ditto, of John Brownell Several Gardens, held by sundry Tenants, containing about A Garden, held by Thomas Burgan The Pipe Yard, in the Occupation of the Waterworks Company A Garden, held by J. C. Andrews Six several Closes, in the Tenure of William Hayle, containing Four Closes, in the Possession of William Richardson, containing The Upper Close, in the Occupation of John Barlow -

Three Closes or Doles of Land, held by J ihn Jackson, containing The Ellis Field, in the Possession of William Balhforth -

A Cottage and Garden, held by J. Morton Ditto, ditto, John Newbould Cottages and Gardens, J. Barber Nether Hallam Workhouse leased for 99 Years -

The lower Allotment on Crook’s Moor -

A Messuage and several Parcels of Land, held by William Aldam, containing together -

A Messuage and fevetal Parcels of Land, held by Philip Madin, containing together -

The Barracks and Barrack Yard Barrack Mailer’s House and Garden Barrack Tavern, held by Rawson and Co. Tavern Close, in the Possession of George Greaves -

Far ditto, ditto

Measurement. Yearly lienu.

A. R. P. 0 s.

4 0 28 5 5 0

d 2 23 2 2 0

3 2 39 7 10 0

1 3 23 4 0 0

6 1 »4 15 *5 0

2 3 22 10 10 0

0 0 l6 2 0 0

1 3 22 4 0 0

1 3 22 4 0 0

2 0 O 8 0 0

1 3 25 4 14 6

0 2 24 1 II 6

r 2 23 6 0 0

20 3 21 52 10 0

8 0 6 16 16 0

2 1 3° 6 0 0

4 1 2 10 0 0

2 2 5 5 0 0

O 0 37 1 0 0

O 0 29 0 *5 0

O 2 3° 3 0 0

0 1 2 r 0 0

r6 1 0 J

\l 1 23/ *5 0 0

33 1 3o 60 0 0

39 1 13 52 10 0

3 2 37 21 0 0

0 0 14 I 1 0

0 0 3° I 10 0

2 35} 10 10 0

L I 3 3J

A Close

ditto

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

A Close held by Mary Bridden Ditto, near Morton Wheel, held by Widow Fox The Allen Field, Lydiate Lane, held by John Hoole -

Two Closes near the Barracks, held by Heathfield, Wells.and Co. and by Samuel Gregory -

Three Closes, in Waterhouse Lane, held separately by J. Milner, Matthew Jepfon, and J. Whitelock, together

Measurement. A. R. P. 1 2 38 Yearly Rente. C ' d- 400

2 0 33 O O

2 0 21 3 0 0

7 2# 36 21 OO

7 1 12 l6 16 O

OWLERTON.

Round Croft and Allotment, held by John

Hallam - - - - I o 12

Several Cottages, held by various Tenants 030

At or near CROOKS.

1 10 o

200

liam Barber - 3 I 12 0 1 6

Ditto and ditto, held by J. Taylor 0 1 38 0 5 0

Two Gardens - 0 I 12 0 5 0

Cottages, Gardens, and Allotments i O 6 1 0 0

Ditto and ditto, Lydiate Lane Cottages, Gardens, and Allotments, Steel 1 3 5 2 0 0

Bank Lane 0 2 26 0 10 9

Allotment of Common on Crook’s Moor, received or to be received in Exchange from the Trustees of the Sheffield General Infirmary, and now divided intofeve-ral Inclosures -

Part of an Intake near Smith Wood, held by John Wcrral Several Cottages, Gardens, Crofts, &c. at Rand Moor, together about House, Crofr, and Allotment, near Fulwood Mill.

A Cottage and Two small Crofts, at Yar-cliffe Field, held by Joseph Andrews

21 2 21 35 0 0

1 0 28 1 0 0

1 1 O t 0 0

0 3 34 0 3

1 T 6 t 10 0

619

HEELY.

Several Cottages at Upper Hcely, together

suppose - - - - 030

The Upper Dole and the Lower Dole, in the Occupation of James Kirkby, containing together - -213

Sundry Fields, Closes, or Parcels of Land, in the Occupation of Michael Hunter, containing - - - - Sin

1 o o

500

12 0 o

A Cottage

1.

620

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

A Cottage at Lower Heeley Mtafurement. A. R. P. 0028 Yearly Rents. C S. d. 050

Part of Smithy Croft 0 1 12 I O O

West Part of Cowen Field 0 2 13 I O O

East Part of ditto - 021 OIOO

Six sundry Closes, in the Occupation of George Woodhead, containing 823 20 0 0

Allotment at Lower Heeley 0 3 16 I O O

Detached parcels of land in the Township of

ATTERCL1FEE.

Lying Westward of the Turnpike Road to Rotherham.

The Steam Mill and Hereditaments, in Lease for a long Term of Years, to Messrs. Hartops, about The Washford Meadow, adjoining ditto, held by Messrs. Hartops The Chapel Meadow, occupied as a Brick Yard by John Blagden Two l'mall Crofts, adjoining Mr. Radford’s House, together -

A Messuage and a Parcel of l and, lying betwixt the Turnpike Road and tire River Dun, held by John Kinder Several Cottages on Oak’s Green, containing about -

The Meadow, held by George B. Greaves Esquire -

210 600

400 770

2 1 12 500

1 1 36 300

3 1 19 770

2 3 35 500

4 1 37 880

Lying betwixt the Turnpike Road to Workfopp and Darnall Lane.

The H-ll Yard, held by ditto TheEast Part of Cross Long Furlong, adjoining above, held by J. Deakin Several Cottages, See. on Attercliffe Green, containing together, about Several Cottages and a Croft, now or late held by W. Crapper Two Crofts, &c. held by Gamaliel Milner Esquire -

One ditto, held by William Huntsman Eight Parcels of Land, near the Glass House .... A Croft near ditto, held by William Cousins junior -

The Glass House, with its Appurtenances, in Lease for a long Term of Years, to

- Dean.

The Two Cross Gate Hill Closes, held by William Deakin ... The Straw Mill Close, held by George Blagden -

207 440

130 3 10 o

220 600

0 3 33 220

1 2 18 5 5o

026 100

520 12 O O

1 3 12 4 0 0

2 12 6 4 o 26 800

2 O 25 600

Lying

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

621

Lying between Darnall Lane and Pinfold Lane.

Mcafurement.

A. R. P.

Yearly Rents.

The Far Hunger Hill, held by Robert Deakin -

The Near ditto, held by William Deakin The Little Town Field, held by John Deakin -

The small Pieces adjoining ditto, held by ditto The Thorny Acre near ditto, held by ditto A Part of Little Town Field, held by W.

Deakin -

The Turn Ing Head, held by Thomas Bretnall -

The Wood Yard, held by ditto The Clay Close, held by ditto The Homestead and Eight Parcels of Land, held by Thomas Knutton, containing together -

Samuel Simplon’s Homestead

The New Close, held by Dottor Shaw The Black Acres, held by Robert Deakin The Clary Flatts, held by ditto The Six Lands, held by Thomas Brettnall The Upper Part of Partridge Flatt, held by George Lee -

The Little Wood, held by William Coufms The Near Little Wood, held by John Deakin ..

The Far ditto, ditto

The Dean Field, idc.

The Upper Dean Field, held by George Blagden ..

The New Close, held by John Deakin The Sick’s Close, held by William Deakin Several Parcels of Land, held by Samuel Simplon, containing together A Piece of Land, held for a long Term of Years by George Corker Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

L-

d.

ditto, by James Johnson ditto, by Thomas Vickers ditto, by Joseph Wallis

ditto, by George Blagden

ditto, by ditto

ditto, by ditto

[Lfff. Per.2

7 s

2 35 3 10 0

2 0 1 4 0 0

4 1 31 9 0 0

2 0 15 5 18 0

3 0 34 6 3 0

1 x 0 3 0 0

x 224 4 0 0

0 I 30 1 0 0

0 2 1 2 0 0

X3 O O *5 0 0

1 0 0

the Boundary.

3 1 36 7 0 0

3 1 '9 7 10 0

4 0 29 lo 0 0

1 118 3 0 0

* 3 2 12 6

120 2 8 6

3 3 7 8 0 0

2 2 10 J 0 0

7021 14 0 0

2016 4 0 0

1 1 22 3 0 0

23 3 *3 43 2 0

- 1 y 2 *3 0

2 2 0

- 1 >7 6

- 3 10 0

i »5 0

- 1 5 0

0 J5 0

A Piece

622

42° GEORGII ill. Cap. 41.

Measurement. Yearly Rems.

A Piece of Land, held for a long Term of A. R. P. £ d.

Years by William and Robert Deakin, and William Hurchinfon i 10 0

Ditto ditto, by John Bed 0 7 6

N.B. Several of these Parcels of Lands are allotted to the Duke of Norfolk, and in Possession t)f his Tenants, under Inclosure Acts, in lieu of former Rights, or upon Exchange; but the Awards are not yet executed.

ECCLESALL BIERLOW.

Five Closes or Parcels of Land, in the Occupation of George Woodhead, called the Hoyland Close, the Middle Close, the Great Close, the Gardens, and Croft, containing -

A Clole to the Westward of Carver-streer, with the Waste Land adjoining Five Closes, in the Occupation of Mr. Samuel Newbould, called the Upper Close, the Low Close, the Middle Close, the Croft, and the House Croft, containing with Newbould’s Building Lot, of 3 K. 38 P. let on a long Term The Far Clole, in the Occupation of Nicholas Timm -

The nearer Close, Pingle, and Stable, in the Occupation of Abraham Burtles A Close at Button Hill, raised the Upper Close, in the PodtfTion of James Turner Several Closes at Button Hill, in the Occupation of Edward Loukcs, called the Second Close, the Third Close, the Fourth Close, the Little Clole, the Little Wood, and the Carter Knowle Allotment, containing together Several Closes at Carter Knowle, in the Tenure of George Green, called the Upper Near Clole, the Middle Ditto, the Lower Ditto, the Upper Far Ditto, the Middle Ditto, the Lower Ditto, the Carter Knowle Allotment, containing Several Fields, Closes, or Parcels of Land, being an Allotment under the Ecclesall Inclosure Act t -

CO 21 OO

320 9 x3 O

I I I 25 3° 17 6

2 I 34 5 5 0

3 6 7 10 O

2 2 10 4 4 0

12 3 24 17 o o

20 o 1 25 o

15 o ij 10 o

o

o

I»

4 GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

62$

In the Tozvnship of BRIGHTSIDE BIERLOW.

- Measurement. Yearly Rents.

A. R. P. d.

Eleven several Cottages, Crofts, or Allot-

ments, containing together Fourteen several Tenements, Workshops, Yards, and Gardens, on the West Side 2 2 3° 4 0 0

of Pyebank Road - Land let for Ninety-nine Years to Joseph 1 2 0 3 ◦ 0

Wildsmith senior ... 0 0 27 1 10 0

Ditto, to Joseph Woodcock 0 0 10 0 IS 0

Ditto, to Joseph Wildsmith junior, about The Upper and Lower Pyebank Closes, let 0 1 0 3 0 0

on Lease to Joseph Wildsmith junior A Close on the East Side of Pyebank Close, 5 2 39 17 0 0

lately in Lease to Joseph Clay NEEPSEND. 2 3 *3 6 0 0

Three Closes, in the Tenure of William Vickars, called the Marsh, the Dole, and the Stubbing, containing 5 2 14 11 0 0

A«Garden, held by Samuel Pearson X 3 16 5 15 6

Two Messuages, with Garden and Appurtenances, in the Possession of Samuel

Pearson .... Two Fields, in the Occupation of Thomas 0 O 27 2 O 0

Gillatt .... 4 O 14 S 8 0

A House and Garden, held by Kinfey

Winnell ... - 0 0 20 P 5 0

c

HERRINGTHORPE, in the Parish of WHISTON.

Several Parcels of Land in the Occupation

of----- Whitehead, called the Fold,

Barnc, Blackhill, Oaktree Close, Pitdofe, Crow Flat, Northfield, Pingle, Seath Croft, Four Acres, Swan Close, Willow Garth, Two Parts, the Meadow, Stub-

bing, containing - - A Clole, near Herringthorpe, held by Jo- 59 2 26 56 9 ®

‘ nathan Storkey ... Two Cottages, One held by Joseph Jen- 1 0 29 1 0 0 - A

kinlon, the other by Whitehead 0 1 3 0 4 I. ' V ‘ A

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41

PARISH OF ECCLESFIELD.

Two Cottages, with Gardens lately in-doled from Wade near the Road leading to Pennifton, held by William Gillam and Benjamin Birkinlhaw, and a Cottage at Pitmire Hill, held by Samuel Smith o ox 1 200

WADSLEY.

O O £ 10

The Rotten Carr - a

The Piitft Croft

A Cottage, Garden, and Crofc The Right to Half the Stream which turns Wadflcy Corn Mill

Measureroent.

A. R. P.

c r 25

o 2 33'! 2 3 25 > o 1 33J

Yearly Rents. £. s. d.

t XI 6

40 10 0 0|

BRADFIELD.

Two Closes, One lying within the Estate of Mrc VVorrall, the other of Mr. Parkin 800 4 10 0

In the Parishet of TOD WICK, DlNNlNGTON, and ANSTON.

Todwick Hall Farm, with several Closes and Parcels of Land, including Allotment of Todwick Upper Common, of ' Anftotf Common, and of Dinnington Common, containing - - 114

-V*-- M I 1 U

In the Parish of AUSTERFIELD.

Brarcroft Farm, in the Occupation of Nathaniel Whitaker, confiding of several

Closes, containing together - -148 317 5110

In the Township of STIRRUP, in the Parish of HAR WORTH.

o q th ' 2

A Messuage and Lands, in the Occupation

uoiAnthony Ingall, containing A Messuage and Lands, in the Occupation 160 r 30 58 16 ◦

of Joseph Bletchef, containing A Messuage and Lands, in the Occupation O CO 3r 0 0

of William Hatfield, containing A House and Garden, in the Possession of 4 0 37 3 6 0

William Roe, containing 0 0 30 0 14 0

2 32 100 o o

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

625

In the Parish and Township of H AR WORTH, being Land allotted in lieu of the Tythes of Harworth, under the Harworth Inclosure Alls.

Measurement. A. R. P Yearly Rent*. /. a. d.

In the Occupation of Francis Raines 5 2 29 8 8 0

John Cartwright 6 2 24 10 10 0

Robert Weightman 6 0 16 7 10 0

John Preftoo 5 0 0 7 0 0

Matthew Beard 4 1 0 5 10 0

Thomas 'l'avlor 5 0 0 6 10 0

Benjamin Binney 5 0 0 6 to 0

John Bedford and Ro-

bert Wilson 5 3 0 5 15 0

In the Occupation of Robert Wagftaffe 6 1 0 7 7 c

Thdmas Wagftaffe 21 3 38 24 0 0

Anthony Ingall 24 O O 27 10 0

Joseph Bletcher 16 O O 24 0 0

William Hatfield % O O 4 14 0

A Piece of Land, at present not let, but

is indofed by Drummond 0 3 7 1 1 0

The Corn Rents to be fixed by the Commissioners of the Harworth Inclosure

for the Tythes.

Of Limpool, Thomas Conway Of Hefley, George B. Graves Of Plumcree, Drummond I

Of the Duke of Newcastle’s Estate at Martin, Thomas Fisher and Thomas Short -

Supposed 1 to produce I yearly f Rents, amounting toj

201

!7

0

In and near WORKSOPP.

Chief Rents or Quit Rents, paid by sundry Persons Manor of Workfopp and other Manors A Parcel of Land, Fold, Buildings and Gardens, in the Tenure of Robert Hide A House, Malt House, &c. in the Tenure of William Hancock Six Tenements in the several Possessions of William Kirton, William Siffons, Thomas Handley, James Watson, and John Breadon -

House and Garden, in the Tenure of Peter Matthews -

The like of Mr. John Eyre A Piece of Land, in the Tenure of John Read Two Cottages, in the Tenure of Richard Marsh -

In the Possession of George Dunstan Esquire

to the

24 15 7

► 60 o o

[Ltc. & Per.3 7 T

120.

626

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41

COUNTY OF SUSSEX.

Arundel.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

A Messuage, Garden, and Appurtenances, in the Occupation of Joseph Cooke, as

Tenant at Will, valued at - 1500

The following let on Leases for long Terms of Tears.

£ s. d.

A Messuage, Stable, Garden, and Appur-

tenarfee's - - - - 7 10 o

The like, Stephen Blundell - - 160

The like the fame - -160

The like the Executors of Caleb

Crookenden - - 1 '6 o

The like Thomas Lear - - - 160

John Henley, Land and Buildings, let on

Agreement for Lease - - 3 4 <o

John Hartwell, Land unbuilt on, ditto - 220

N.B. The above comprise the Whole of Barrett’s Hill.

'O

-0

Little Hampton.

A Messuage and small Garden, in the Occupation of Jeffery Carver - - 1 10 b

The like XTharies Bowman - 0190

The like Executors of Francis Hig-ginfon - - - o 17 o

The like Executors of James Chapman 1 10 o

Several Messuages or small Dwelling-'Houses, and Gardens, in the main Street, leading to the Sea, let to Thomas Topper 100 A Messuage, in the Occupation of Richard

Pannett - - - 0180

Jeremiah Seawell, for Part of Premises in

Pannett’s Lease - - - 0 10 o

A Messuage, with the Appurtenances, held by the Executors of Abraham Allen, on Lease for Ninety-nine Years, at the Rent ot 6d. for Part of the Term, and of £ 2 12 s. 6 d. for the Remainder of the Term - - -006

7 14 6

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

627

SUFFOLK.

£. s. d.

The Tythes of the Parishes of Saint John and Saint Margaret’s Iiketfal), and of Saint Mary’s in Bungay, producing

cemmunibus Ar.nis - - - 163 o o

The above is a true Schedule,

Vin. Eyre.

Total

4,455 5 l°i

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s raoft Excellent Majesty. 1802.

.-o ni it0^o:io°£k

JLIQ'T 1 - 3

in m fi :j .1-1 > yiiigfth' i'.'d but

"I »; ?Vl -

Z r. s . vo s*IT

.*v(3 W V

, ’: ' ' r V O r

LOJ

0s"'

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III.

REGIS'

- *1!*

Cap. 42.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and appropriating the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Modes, within the Manor or Township of Egton with Newland in the Parish of Ulverfton, in the County Palatine o t Lane after.

[30th April 1802.]

WHEREAS there are, within the Manor or Township of Egton with Newland in the Parish of Ulverjion, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, several Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, containing by Estimation Two thousand Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the Most Noble Henry Duke of Buccleugh, and the Right Honourable Edward Earl Beaulieu, are Lords of the said Manor of Egton with Newland, and as such entitled to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and also to the Soil under the said Mosses: And whereas Wilson Braddyll Esquire is seised of or entitled to the Fee Simple and Inheritance of, in, and to the Rectory of Uh'crston aforesaid, and in respect thereof-entitled to certain annual Payments, called Rectory Rents, in lieu of Tythes within the Manor or Township of Egton with Newland aforesaid, and claims to be entitled to certain Tythes arising in, upon, or out of the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, or some Part thereof: And whereas the Owners of certain Lands and Tenements lying \_Loc. & Per.] 7 T contiguous

626

Commissioners ;ij (minted.

In Cafe of Ilea i>, &V-rt-w Conunissioners may be elected.

4?.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

contiguous or near to the said Manor or Township of Egton with New-land, but not within the same, claim some Right or Interest in or upon the said Commons or Waste Grounds, or some Part thereof, by Prescription or otherjyife: And whereas there are several Molfes or Parcels of Peatmofs marked and meered out within the said Manor or Township of Egton with Newland, the Moss of which hath for d ime immemorial been conveyed from One Person to another, and is now held by many different Persons, for the foie and exclusive Purpose of digging Peats therein; but the Herbage of such Mosses hath always been enjoyed as Part of the Common of-Pallure of and belonging to the said Manor or Township of Egton with Newland aforesaid: And whereas the said Manor or Township of Egton with Newland is a distinct Division of the said Parish of Ulversion, and the Inhabitants thereof maintain the Poor within the same separately from any other Part of the said Parish: And whereas John Bacon Sawrey Morritt and John Macbell Esquires, Robert Town, John Noble, John Stc-phenfon, Robert Walton, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of divers Lands and Tenements within the said Manor or Township of Egton with Newland, and in respect thereof or otherwise are entitled to Right of Common in, over, and upon the said Commons, Waffe Grounds, and Mosses: And whereas an Act was paised in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fadls vfually required on the passing of fich Acts: And whereas the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein if the fame were divided and inclosed, and specifick Parts thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein; but such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure cannot be effectually made without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Goad of Beickliffe, in the Parish of Aldingham in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Gentleman, William Kirkby of Wateryeat, in the said Parish of Ulverston, Gentleman, and James Redhead of Birkrow, in the Hid Parish of Ulversion, Gentleman, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for setting out, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, and for putting this Act in Execution, in the Manner and subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein contained, and also subject to the Provisions and Regulations of the said recited Act, except in such Cases where the same are hereby varied or altered; and that all Acts, Matters, and Things by this Act authorized or directed to be done by the said Commissioners, may be done and executed by any One or Two of them in the Absence of the other or others of them, and the fame, if done by One of them, after being approved by another of such Commissioners, in Writing under his Hand, shall be as valid and effectual as if all such Commissioners had joined therein.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Commissioners shall die, refuse, or become incapable to act in the Execution of the Powers hereby and by the said recited Act vested in him or them, before the Execution of

fi the

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 627

the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the remaining or surviving Commissioner or Commissioners, and he and they is and are hereby required, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, from Time to Time, within Thirty Days after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity of any such Commissioner shall be known to him or them, to appoint another Person (not interested in the said intended Division or Inclosure)to be a Commissioner in the Room of every such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable to act; and in case the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall neglect so to do for the Space of Two Calendar Months next after any such Commissioners or Commissioner shall die, refuse, or neglect to act, or in case there shall at any Time be a total Want of Commissioners by reason of any such Death,

Refusal, or Neglect to act as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Vacancies thereby occasioned shall be filled up and supplied by such Three Persons as may be for that Purpose appointed by a Majority in Value of the several Proprietors of the said Lands and Tenements in the said Manor or Township of Egton with Newland, or their respective Attornies, Agents, or Proxies, appointed by Writing for that Purpose, assembled at any Meeting to be convened as herein-after mentioned, such Majority in Value to be ascertained by the Land Tax Assessment of such Proprietors of Lands and Tenements for the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and every such new Commissioner or Commissioners in either of the above Ways to be appointed or elected shall have, and is and are hereby declared to have the fame Powers and Authorities to put this Act and the said recited Act in Execution, as if he or they had been named and appointed a Commissioner or Commissioners by this Act; provided that evety such new Appointment of a new Commissioner or Commissioners be reduced into Writing, and figiied by the Person or Persons appointing such new Commissioner or Commissioners, which Appointment shall be amiexed to the Award of the said Commissioners, and deposited therewith.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissionci Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized to appoint a Clerk, to be clerkjppomt* afliiting in the Execution of this Act, and to allow and pay to him such

Salary or Allowance for his Trouble as they shall think reasonable; and from Time to Time to remove such Clerk, and appoint another in his Stead, as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, to cause Notice in Writing of the Time and '* " '

Place of their First and every other Meeting for the Execution of this and the said recited Act, to be inserted in the I.ancaster Gazetteer, or in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of Lan-easter, and upon the Market Cross of Ulverston aforesaid. Ten Days at leaf! before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjounnent only excepted).

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all other Notices neceflan other Notices

or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioners shall be so be

made and given by Advertisement in the said Lcincaster Gazetteer, or in

case it shall not then be published, then in some other Newspaper circulated

628

Commissmners to 'fttl; Depute*.

Powc' to

all'els Colls.

Allowing Parties to try their Kieiirs by an Ifltie at Law.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

lated in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, and upon the Market Cross of XJlverJhn aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Difference or Dispute shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said Division and Allotments, touching or concerning the Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds and Mosses, or any Part or Parts thereof, or touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the fame, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Allotments, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, to examine into, hear, and determine the fame, and their Determination therein shall be binding and conclusive, save and except as herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the "Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this Act or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refus'e to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such C.ofls and Charges to be levied b.y Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any), upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division or Allotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners touching or concerning any Claim or Claims to the Right of the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part or Parts thereof , and shall by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands signify the same to the said Commissioners within Fourteen Days after such Determination shall be made, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied with such Determination to have the Matter thereof tried at Law, by One or more Action or Actions, to be brought or commenced within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination shall be made, against any Person or Persons claiming to be interested in the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, upon a feigned Issue or blues, to be settled by the proper Officer or Officers of the Court or Courts in which such Action or Actions shall be

brought,

629

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

brought, if the Parties shall differ about the fame, and each Party shall so proceed therein as to have the fame tried at the First or Second Assizes to be holden at Lancaster, in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, next after such Determination of the said Commissioners; and the Costs and Charges of defending such Action or Actions shall be borne and defrayed, either by the Defendant or Defendants therein respectively, or out of the Monies to be raised for the Purposes of this Act, as to the said Commissioners shall seem just and reasonable, and as they shall by Writing under their Hands in that Behalf direct, or by all or such of the Persons interested in the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever. Body or Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Ver-dists, and order a new Trial to be had thereon, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cafes; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby det'ermined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that all such Determinations of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, and the Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties.

IX. And whereas Disputes may arise, whether the Commons, Waste Di pmes con-Grounds, and Mosses hereby intended to be divided, allotted, inclosed, Tythefma and appropriated, orfome Part or Parts thereof, or all or any of the Allot- be tried at ments thereof to be made by virtue of this Act, are and shall or shall not be Law-exempt and held discharged from or subject to the Payment of Tythes; for the determining thereof, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Wil/on Braddyll and his Heirs, at any Time or Times within the Space of Two Years next after the passing of this Act, to bring and prosecute any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity, against the said Henry Duke of Buccleugh and Edward Earl Beaulieu, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor for the Time being, or against all or any of the Owners or Owner, Occupiers or Occupier of Lands lying within the said Manor or Township, or of any Allotment or Allotments of the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, or any Part or Parts thereof; in which Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, the Defendant or Defendants shall, for the Purpose of trying the Right to the Tythes in Question, admit that he, (he, and they had taken and carried away the different tytheable Matters, whereof such Tythes or the Value of the same shall or may be demanded or claimed, without setting out such Tythes, or any Part thereof, or satisfying the fame; and in case the said Wil/on Braddyll or his Heirs, shall not commence such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, w'iihin the Time aforesaid, or shall not proceed to the Trial or Hearing thereof without Delay, according to the Usage and Practice of the Court in which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be commenced or brought, or shall proceed therein as aforesaid, but shall not recover all or any of the Tythes in Question, that then and from thenceforth and for ever afterwards, as to all and every Part of the said Commons,

[Loc. Is? Per.'] 7 U - Waste

6$0 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Walto Grounds, and Modes, and the several Allotments thereof in respect of the Tythes whereof no such Action, or Suit at Law or in Equity, shall have been commenced or not proceeded in as aforesaid, or if proceeded in so far as any Species of Tythes shall not be recovered thereby, the fame and every Part thereof shall be held and enjoyed exempt and discharged of and from the Payment of all Manner of Tythes whatsoever, other than such Tythes only (if any) as shall or may be recovered in and by any such Action or Suit to be commenced and proceeded in as aforesaid.

be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall (after PhKcs,‘ii: they shall have set out and appointed the publick Carriage Roads and

Highways through and over the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed), set out such Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as they shall think meet (not exceeding Fifteen Acres in the Whole), to be used and enjoyed by the Proprietors of Lands within the said Manor or Township of Egton with New/and, for the Purpose of common Watering Places for Cattle, getting Stone and other Materials for erecting and repairing of Buildings, Bridges, Walls, Fences, and other Works, and for the Reparation of the publick and private Roads, which now are or hereafter shall be made within the same Manor or Township.

Comniiffcn-

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, and ?o mact an they are hereby authorized and empowered, to set out, appoint, and cause Embankment, to be made such proper Banks, as in their Judgement shall be sufficient and necessary for preventing the Common Waite Ground and Mosses, situate and laying between Jr rad and Plumpton., called New/and Mo/s, Part of the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or such Part or Parts thereof as they may think proper and expedient, from being overflowed by the Sea; and all'o to set out and cause to be made such and so many Drains and Water-courses as to them shall seem sufficient and necessary, in and through the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, called New/and Mo/s, for the collecting the Rivulets, Springs, and Waters running and being in, upon, or over the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, into the Main Pool or Watercourse running from New/and to Ulverston Sands, and also to alter and divert the said Main Pool or Watercourse, and make the lame to run in a more direct or straight Line, in such Manner as they shall think proper or necessary; and the said Commissioners may, and they are hereby also empowered, to make or cause to be made all such other Banks, causeways, Bridges, Sluices, Flood Gates, Tunnels, Drains, Water Gates, and other Works, as shall be necessary for the embanking, draining, securing, and improving the said Common Waste Grounds and Mosses, called New/and Mo/s, or any Part or Parts thereof, the Colls and Expences of making, repairing, and supporting of all which said Matters and Things hereby directed, shall be borne and paid in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall order and direct in and by their said Award,

*heMoft°F» And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and

troaciirufntj, they are hereby authorizedand empowered, to fell the Herbage of the

* v. f° he told Several Parcels of Peatmofs marked or meered out as aforesaid, and the

V Auction, e_;i

631

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Soil beneath the fame, the Encroachments which they shall find to have been made on the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Modes, within Twenty Years lad pad (except as herein is excepted); and also such Parts and Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, as, together with the Herbage of the said Parcels of Peatmofs, and Soil beneath the fame, and the said Encroachments, will in their Judgement produce by such Sales Money sufficient to defray the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and of surveying, mapping, dividing, and allotting the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Modes, and of Ring-fencing the several Allotments which shall be ordered to be done by the said Commissioners in and by this Act, and of forming and putting into good Repair all such publick Roads as shall be set out by the said Commissioners in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, and of making, erecting, widening, and improving all such other Roads, Bridges, Banks, and Ditches, Flood Gates, Drains, and Watercourses, as the said Commissioners are empowered to make, erect, widen, or improve by virtue of this Act and the said recited Act; and the Colls and Expences of, and which may attend, trying the Right to thel’ythes, and otherwise in and about the fame, and of preparing Two Parts of the Award and other Instruments of the said Commissioners, and all other the necessary Charges and Expences in and about the Execution of the said Act or this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, to offer and to fell by private Contraft unto the respective Proprietors of the Moss of the several Parcels of Peatmofs marked and meered out as aforesaid, the Herbage upon and the Soil beneath such Peatmoffes respectively, and also to offer and fell by private Contraft all or any of the said Encroachments so made within Twenty Years lait pall (except as herein is excepted), to the respective Persons who made or now claim the fame, at such Prices as the said Commissioners shall think to be the fair Value thereof respectively, so far as such Proprietors of the said Moss and the Persons who made or now claim the said Encroachments, shall be respectively willing to purchase the fame at such Prices; and that the said Commissioners shall make Sale of such Parcels of the said Commons and Walles as they are hereby empowered to fell as aforesaid, and also such Parcels of the said Herbage of the said Peatmoffes and Soil beneath the same as shall not be purchased by the Proprietors of the Moss thereof, and also such of the said Encroachments as shall not lie purchased by the Person who made or now claims the fame, to the bell Bidder or Bidders at feme or One of their Meetings to beheld in pursuance of this Act, after giving Notice of the Day appointed for such Sale in Manner herein-before mentioned. Forty-two Days at lead before the same shall take Place; and that the Monies arising by all and every the said Sales shall be paid to the said Commissioners, whose Receipt or Receipts shall be a sufficient Discharge or sufficient Discharges for the fame; and that upon receiving such Purchase Monies respectively, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby empowered, to convey and assure the Lands and Grounds so fold, and the Freehold and Inheritance thereof, in Fee Simple, unto the Purchasers thereof respectively, or unto such other Person or Persons as they shall respectively direct or appoint, by Indentures of Lease and Release, or by Indentures of Feoffment, with Livery of Seilin, which shall be valid and effectual in the Law, to veil the fame in such respective

Purchasers

Herbage of the Moss, may be sold by private Con-tiatfl j

or such Part* as remain unfold, to be sold by Auction.

632

Put chafers of H rhaueofihe A. of* r<» have J/Derty to fence lit-U.ae-

Application of the Money arising’ by the Sales.

Purchasers to be subject to the Condition; of Sale, (£c.

Allotment to the Duke of Bitcil ugh and E^rl Beaulieu for (tight of Soil.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Purchasers, and their Heirs or Appointees, freed and discharged from all Rights of Common, but subject in all Cafes where the Herbage of such Peatmofs, and the Soil beneath the fame, shall not be purchased by the Proprietors of the said Moss, to the Rights of such Proprietors to such Moss as they shall respectively be entitled to.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in each and every Cafe where the Herbage of the Moss Ground ordered to be sold under and by virtue of this Act shall not be purchased by the Owner of the Moss Grounds upon which such Herbage may grow, it shall be lawful for the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Herbage to fence in and indole the fame, upon paying to the Owner or Owners of such Peatmofs, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall think just and reasonable, for the Peatmofs upon which such Fences shall be respectively erected and made; and also that in each and every Cafe where it shall be judged expedient and necessary to make any Roads, in Manner directed by the said recited Act, Drains and Watercourses in, over, upon, or through any of the said Parcels of Peatmofs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make the fame where they shall think proper, upon paying to the Owners of such Parcels of Peatmofs respectively such Sum and Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners shall think a juit and fair Price for such Parts of the said Parcels of Peatmofs as shall be taken up in making such Roads, Drains, and Watercourses respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising by the several Sales aforesaid, shall be applied by the said Commissioners for defraying the Charges and Expellees herein-before in that Behalf mentioned; and if there shall be any Surplus of the said Monies, such Surplus shall be applied in the Manner directed by the said recited Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall become the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Herbage upon and Soil under the said Peatmofs and Encroachments, or any Part thereof, his and their Heirs and Assigns, shall be subject and liable to the Performance of all Orders, Charges, and Di rections relating thereto respectively, which shall be stipulated at the Time of such Sale or Sales, or comprized in the Conveyances thereof respectively, or which shall be contained and specified in and by the General Award of the said Commissioners.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, as soon as conveniently may be after setting out such Grounds for Watering Places and Stone Quarries, and such Parcels for Sale as aforesaid, to set out and allot to the said Hairy Duke oi Buccleugh and Edward Earl Beaulieu One Sixteenth Part (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) of the Residue of the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, in full Compensation and Satisfaction for their and each of their Rights as Lords of the said Manor of Egton with Newland, in and to the Soil of all the Residue of the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, and that the Allotment or Allotments to be made to the said Henry Duke of Buccleugh and Edward Earl Beaulieu shall, immediately from and after the same shall be so set out and allotted, veil in, and the same are hereby veiled in such Person and Persons in such anil the fame

633

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

same Manner and Shares, for such Estate and Estates, upon such Trusts, for such Intents and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such Charges, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, as the said Manor of Egton with Newland thall {land veiled in, to, for, upon, with, under, or subject to, immediately before such Allotment or Allotments shall be so let out and allotted, and shall be discharged from all Rights of Common whatsoever.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained thall extend, or be contlrued to extend, to prejudice the Right or Interetl of the said Henry Duke of Buccleugh and Edward Earl Beaulieu, or either of them, of, in, and to the Quays at Greenodd, the Smelting Works upon Arrad, the Furnace, Forge, and other Works creeled at or near Newland, and the Feeder leading to Ulverston Canal, all within the said Manor; and further, that nothing herein contained thall extend to affect the Right or Interetl of the said Henry Duke of Buccleugh and Edward Earl Beaulieu, or either of them, or any other Person or Persons, to any Messuage, Cottage, Erection, Inclosure, or Encroachment, made from or upon the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Modes, or any of them, Twenty Years before the patting of this Act, nor to the Inclosure lately made upon Arrad, for the Use of the Curate of Pennybridge Chapel, within the said Manor, or any Rent or other Profit issuing or payable out of them, or any of them, for or in respect of the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Allotment or Allotments as last aforesaid shall have been set out and allotted, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to set out and allot so much of the Residue of the said Commons and Waile Grounds as will in their Judgement at the Time of making such Allotment be worth to be let for the clear yearly Rent of One hundred Pounds per Annum, and to cause the same to be fenced round and inclosed; and shall afterwards let the fame at some Meeting to be held by them for that Purpose (of which Meeting Notice shall be given as herein-before directed, Twenty Days at lead before such Meeting shall be held), for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding Twenty-one Years, at the best yearly Rent that can be gotten for the fame, without any Fine or Foregift for granting of such Leases, and under and subject to such Covenants, Conditions, and Clauses for cultivating, tilling, and improving the same, as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and the said Commissioners shall and may grant Leases to the respective Farmers of such Lots, for the Terms and upon the Conditions aforesaid, such Lessees thereupon executing Counterparts of such Leases; and that after such Allotment or Allotments shall be so fenced out and let to farm as aforesaid, then the said Commissioners shall, by Indentures of Lease and Release, convey and assure the fame, and the Freehold and Inheritance thereof, subject to such Leases, unto and to the Use of such Seven Persons, being Land Owners or Inhabitants within the said Manor or Township of Egton with Newland, their Heirs and Assigns, as the major Part in Value of the Land Owners and Inhabitants of the said Manor or Township, paying to the Poor Rate within the same (such Value to be settled by their Payments to such Poor Rates), assembled personally or by Proxy at a Meeting to be convened by the said Commissioners for that Purpose ("whereof Fourteen Days previous Notice shall be given as aforesaid), shall nominate or appoint; and the Allotment or Allotments so con-

[Lee. Is3 Per.] 7 X veyed

Ait not to of.justice their Right to ancient En-c. uaclnnenu.

Allotments

for the Use of the Poor may be let, 6it.

0^4 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

veyed or expressed, and intended so to be, shall immediately thereupon become legally verted in the said Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, according to the said Conveyance, upon the Trurts, and to and for the Intents and Purposes herein-after expressed and directed of and concerning the same; that is to say, upon Trust to receive and apply the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof for ever (all their reasonable and necessary Charges in the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them being first deducted), for and towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Manor or Township of I'.gton with Newtand, in lieu or Alleviation of the Poor Rates within the same Manor or Township, as far as the fame will from Time to Time extend; and if there shall at any Time be a Surplus of such Rents and Profits after relieving the said Poor as aforesaid, so that no Poor Assessment shall be made within the said Manor or Township, then upon Trust from Time to Time to apply such Surplus in lieu or Alleviation of the Constable Rate within the same Manor or Township, as far as such Surplus will extend; and if there shall at any Time be a Surplus of such Rents and Profits, after satisfying such Poor Rates and Constable Rate, then upon Trust to divide such ultimate Surplus amongst the Proprietors (for the Time being) of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor or Township, in the like Shares and Proportions as such Lands and Tenements were respectively rated to the Land Tax, according to the Assessment made for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Trustees dying or refuting to act, other* to be appointed.

Trustees appointed to re-let the Land*.

XX. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Three or more of the said Trustees to be named and appointed as aforesaid, or to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die, refuse, or neglect to act as Trustees for the Purposes before expressed, then and in every such Case, from Time to Time for ever, as often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for the major Part in Value of the Land Owners and In* habitants of the said Manor or Township of Egton with Newland, paying Poor Rates within the same (such Value to be fixed as aforesaid), affem* bled personally or by Proxy at a Meeting to be convened by the surviving or continuing Trustees or Trustee for the Time being for that Purpose (whereof Fourteen Days previous Notice shall be given as aforesaid), to nominate and appoint in Writing so many more Persons, being Land Owners or Inhabitants of the fame Manor or Township, to be Trustees in the Place or Stead of the Trustees so dying, refufingj or neglecting to act as aforesaid, as, together with the surviving or continuing Trustees or Trustee, will make up the Number of Seven Trustees, and so that the said Trustees shall be perpetually kept Up to the Number of Seven; and immediately after such Nomination and Appointment, the surviving Trustees Or Trustee from Time to Time shall, by Indentures of Lease and Release, convey and affuve the said Allotment or Allotments so made and inclosed, rmd let to farm as aforesaid, in such Manner as that the fame may become legally vested in such new and surviving Trustees, upon the Trusts before (mentioned; and that all and every Person and Persons so appointed a Trustee or Trustees, shall from thenceforth have the fame Powers and Authorities in Execution of tire Trusts to be reposed in him or them as if lie or they' had been originally appointed a Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, at any Time within One Year preceding the Expiration of any Lease to be granted of the said Land so to be let to farm as aforesaid, to let the fame again to farm for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding Twenty-one Years from the Expiration 8; of

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 635

of the former Leases thereof respectively, for the best Rent that can be got for the fame, and to execute Leases thereof to the respectire Farmers, under such Covenants and Conditions as they shall think proper, and all and every Act, Matter, and Thing, which shall be executed, done, or performed by any Four of the said Trustees for the Time being in pursuance and Execution of this Act, shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if all the said Trustees for the Time being had been present, and had executed, done, and performed the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, ^fiotmenu and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place to assign, set out, and allot all the Residue of the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, unto and amongst the said "John Bacon, Sawrey Morritt, John Mitchell, Robert Town, John Nobis, John Stephenson, and Robert Walton, and all and every other the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Tenements, having Right of Common in and upon the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, in lieu of their respective Rights of Common thereon, according and in Proportion to their several Estates and Interests therein, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall in their Judgement think just or equitable; and such Commons, Waste Grounds, and MofTes, when inclosed, shall be vested in the several Persons who shall be entitled to the same as Freehold Estates of Inheritance, in Fee Simple, and to be held and enjoyed by them and every of them respectively in the very same Manner, and with all and every the fame Benefits and Privileges, and subject only to the fame Charges and Incumbrances, as the Estates and Premises for and in lieu whereof the said several Allotments, and every of them, are to be and shall be respectively made, and not to be in any Manner further or otherwise prejudiced, but subject nevertheless to the Provisoes, Rules, Orders, and Directions in this Act contained.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it can ^tr'w0hfo be proved and made appear to the said Commissioners, that any present or have already former Owner or Owners of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements within the n'of

said Manor or Township of Rgton withNewland, hath or have at any Time or cmmonnot Times heretofore inclosed his or their Proportion of the Commons which ,obe «ntitied. he or they would now have been entitled to in respect of such Messuages,

Lands, or Tenements, if such ancient Inclosures had not been made, and that the Occupiers of such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements have not usually turned out their Cattle upon the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, then the Owner or Owners of such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, shall not be entitled to have or receive any Allotment or Allotments of the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, in respect of such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, which have already gotten and received their Proportion of the said Commons as aforesaid.

XXIII. Provided always, That if any Personhath fold or contrafted, or agreed to fell, or shall at any Time before the Execution of the said Award fold hi) coin-fgll, or contract or agree to fell, his or her Right, Interest, or Property in, °nA5o^t’n{ over, or upon the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, or any co be nude to Part thereof, to any other Person, then and in every such Case it shall be the Puichlfcr-lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby directed and authorized to make an Allotment of Land or Ground unto the Vendee or

Purchaser

636 4.2s GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Purchaser in such Sale, Contraft, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Alligns, for and in respect of such Right, Interest, and Property so fold, or contracted or agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his and her Heirs and Alligns, shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land or Ground so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or such Right, Interest, or Property had been veiled in such Vendor at the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid.

N.'»Prsoils'0

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the at'cer ihe psf- passing of this Act, until the Execution of the Award of the said Commis-fln|otihu lloners, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to grave, dig, get, cart, or carry away any Sods or Turves from any Part of the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Modes aforesaid (except such Parts thereof as have heretofore been held and enjoyed as private Property; and if any Person or Persons shall grave, dig, get, cart, or carry away any Sods or Turves, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings.

Saturation to

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where an Allotment Tenant* of or Allotments of any Part of the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Estate-, nc. Mosses, shall be made for or in respect of the Rights of Common belonging to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, which are held by any Tenants or Occupiers for a Term of Years by virtue of any Lease or Agreement thereof made, and such Tenants or Occupiers do not or shall not come to an Agreement with the Person or Persons to whom such Allotments shall be made for the Use and Occupation thereof, such Tenants or Occupiers shall not be entitled to enter upon, occupy, or hold such Allotment or Allotments, but shall nevertheless have and receive from the respective Owners or Proprietors thereof such an Abatement from the yearly Rent or Rents reserved and made payable in and by such Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements, for the Remainder of the Term or Terms then to come therein, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be a reasonable Compensation to him, her, or them, for the Right of Common which hath been accustomed to be used and exercised by such Tenants or Occupiers, and which shall be extinguished by this Act or the said recited Act.

Money ad-

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Money which shall be ad-r/p O*i' Jith* vanced or expended by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of obtaining initreit. and passing this Act, shall be repaid, with lawful Interest, to such Person or Persons who shall advance or lend the fame, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, by the said Commissioners out of the first Monies which they shall receive by virtue of this Act.

Commission-

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That Once at least in each and every ,-r* to iccuunt. year tluring the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof), the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all

Sums

637

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Lancaster, to be by them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justices dated in the Book of Accounts, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justices.

XXVIII. Provided always, That the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them shall attend the said Conunissioners at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That One Part of the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, when inrolled in Manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be deposited in the publick Chest of the Parish Church of Ulverston aforesaid, or in such other Place as the said Commissioners shall appoint.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners as are herein directed to be final or conclusivej and except in such Cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned), then and in every such Case he, ffie, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden at Lancaster, in and for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, and to the Party or Parties concerned, Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Premises), in their said General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Costs and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend or be construed to extend to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Right, Title, or Interest of the said Henry Duke of Buccleugh and Edward Earl Beaulieu, or any other Person or Persons

\_Loc. ft? Per.~\ 7 T claiming

Proprietors and Agents to pay their own Expences.

Award to be deposited

Appeal to the Quarter Sef-(ions.

Saving Mane-rial Rights.

638

General

Saving.

[Publick Act.]

42° GEORGII 111. Cap. 42.

claiming or to claim under them or either of them, of, in, or to the Seigniories and Royalties incident or belonging to the said Manor of Egton with Newland; and that the said Henry Duke of Buccleugh and Edward Earl Beaulieu, and such other Person and Persons as aforesaid, shall and may from Time to Time for ever hereafter hold and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themselves, Persons outlawed and put in Exigent, Deodands, Waifs, Estrays, Forfeitures, and all other Jurisdictions whatsoever, in and upon the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Modes, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, and all Mines and Minerals within or under the fame (except Quarries of Stone, which shall not be allotted to the said Henry Duke of Buccleugh and Edward Earl Beaulieu), in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they could or might respectively have held and enjoyed the fame in case this Act had not been made.

XXXII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (except the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Intereds as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them, and such other Person and Persons herein mentioned, as far as his, her, or their respective Rights and Intereds shall be expressly affected hereby), all such Edate, Right, Title, and Intered, as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had or enjoyed, in, to, or out of the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in case this Act had not been made.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons are hereby required to take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

I

i

*g*

Cap. 43.

An Act for improving the Tinmouth Castle Light House and Light; and for authorizing additional Light Duties in respect of such Improvement.

[<tth May 1802.]

WHEREAS by Letters Patent under the Great Sea), bearing Recital of Date at Westminster, the Thirtieth Day of June, in the Seven- Letter* pa-teenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles cl'/. °z.'7 the Second, reciting that the King had been given to understand that there had been a long and constant Toll of Four-pence per Ship, paid by His Majesty's Subjects, and Twelve-pence by Strangers and Foreigners, for the Maintenance of a Light House at Tinmouth in the County of Northumberland; which being wholly decayed and fallen down, another had been then lately rebuilc by Edward Villiers Esquire, afterwards Sir Edward Villiers Knighr, therein deftribed to be Lieutenant of the King's Castle of Tinmouth, at his own proper Costs and Charges, to the great Benefit and Advantage of His Majesty's Subjects, and others trading to those Parts; and further reciting that the King had been informed that a late Contraft had been made on Behalf of the said Edward Villiers,

642

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

with divers Matters of Ships belonging to Newcastle, as also others trading and coasting that Way, whereby they had voluntarily submitted to increase the said Toll of Four-pence per Ship to Twelve-pence, and to continue the Payment thereof for the perfecting the said Work, which had cost One thousand Pounds already. His said Majesty approving the said Contraft, and for the Encouragement of this necessary and useful Work, of His special Grace, certain Knowledge, and mere Motion, did for him. His Heirs and Successors, give and grant unto the said Edward Villiers, his Heirs and Attigns, the Custody of the said Light House so erected as aforesaid, and the Ground and Soil whereupon the fame was situate, and also the used and accustomed Ways and Passages to and from the same, together with full and free Liberty, Licence, Power, and Authority, that he and they, and every of them, should and might continue, renew, and maintain, or cause to be continued, renewed, and maintained, the said Light House, with Lights to be continually burning therein in the Night Season, whereby the said Ships might the better come to their Harbours and Ports without Peril: And foral'much as Works of so publick a Nature and Benefit ought to be maintained and supported by a publick Charge, and had ever been upheld in the Time of the King’s Royal Progenitors, by granting of ordinary and necessary Impositions and Tolls to be taken for that End, His said Majesty further, according to the said Contrail so made as aforesaid, of his special Grace, certain Knowledge, and mere Motion, and for defraying the necessary Charges and continual Maintenance of the said Light House, did for Him, His Heirs and Successors, declare and grant, that for ever thereafter there should and might be collciled and taken, and the said Ed. ward Villiers, his Heirs and Attigns, should and might demand, collect, have, and take, the Sum of Twelve-pence of and for every Ship of or belonging to any of the Subjects of His said Majesty patting by the said Light House, and belonging or trading to the said Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, or either of them, or the Creeks or Members of the fame; and Three Shillings for every Ship of or belonging to any Foreigner or Stranger, coming or patting by the said Light House; to have, hold, exercise, and enjoy the said Light House, and the Soil and Ground whereon the fame flood, together with the said Liberties, Licences, Powers, Authorities, and the said Contributions, Duties, and Sums of Money, before, in and by the said Letters Patent granted, and every of them, unto the said Edward Villiers, his Heirs and Attigns, for ever, in as large and ample a Manner and Form, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as the Matter of the Trinity House of Debtford Strond, in the County of Kent, or any other Person or Persons any the like Liberties, Licences, Powers, and Authorities had, held, or enjoyed, or might have, hold, or enjoy in any other Place or Places within the Realm, yielding and paying the refore yearly to the said King, His Heirs and Successors, such Rent as therein mentioned: And foral'much as other Order could not well be taken for the levying of the said Toll Duty as aforesaid, for the ettabhshing, effecting, and Continuance of the said good Work, than in the Ports, Roads, Creeks, Havens, and Harbours, unto which the said Merchants and Mariners did or should trade and arrive, the said King did, by the said Letters

Patent,

643

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

Patent, for Himself, His Heirs and Successors, ordain and appoint, and also straicly charge and command all and every the Customers, Collectors, Comptrollers, Surveyors, Searchers, Waiters, and their and every of their Clerks respectively, within the Pons and Places aforesaid, and all Captains, Lieutenants, and all other His Majesty's Offi. cers belonging to them or any of them; and also all Wardens, Portreeves, and Keepers of His said Ports, Roads, Harbours, and Havens, and all Wharfingers, Porters, and Labourers belonging to the Water-fide, and all other the Officers of the Customs to His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, then being, and which for the Time thereafter should be, in the said Ports, Harbours, Roads, Creeks, Havens, and Places to whom it might or should appertain, that they nor any of them, at any Time thereafter, should take or receive any Entry or Cocker, or give, make, or certify any Cocker, Return, Victualling Bill, or Discharge, or permit or suffer any Goods or Stores to be laid on Land, or discharged, or shipped, out, from, or on any of the said Ships, or suffer any Ship or other Vessel, trading and liable and fub-je£t to the Payment of the said Duties as aforesaid, to pals by or from them withouc a Ticket or Note under the Hand Writing of the said Edward Villiers, his Heirs or Assigns, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, testitving the Payment of the said Duty in that Behalf, upon Pain of high Displeasure, and fitch Punishment as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm might be inflicted on the Offenders, for such their Contempt or Neglect of His said Majesty's Royal Will and Commandment: And to the End and Intent that the said Edward Vi!-tiers, his Heirs and Assigns, should and might the better have and enjoy the full Force, Benefit, and Effrd of the said Grant, His said Majesty did also, by the said Letters Patent, for Plim, His Heirs and Successors, require, charge, and authorize all Mayors, Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, Bailiffs, and other Officers and Ministers of His laid Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to whom it did or should appertain, that they and every of them, in their several Offices and Places re-spetflively, be from Time to Time thereafter favouring, aiding, and af. lifting unto the said Edward Villiers, his Heirs and Assigns, and every of them, and his and their Deputies, in and concerning the Premises, upon Requtft in that Behalf by him or them to be made, according as to justice appertains: And it was provided by the said Letters Patent to be the said King’s Pleasure, and the said King did thereby declare His Meaning to be, that the said Letters Patent should roc extend to charge the said Merchants, Mullers, and Owners of Ships or other Vessels, with any other or further Toll or Duty than what is therein mentioned: And lastly, His said Majesty thereby declared H;s Will and Pleasure to be, and d'd thereby for Himself, His Heirs and Successors, grant unto the said Edward Villiers, his Heirs and Assigns, that he and they, and their Deputy and Deputies, should and might, lor the better Management and collecting of the said Duties, have a Place in all Custom Houses in the Ports and Places where the fame were or should be collected: And whereas Mary Villiers, late of the King’s Read in the Parish of Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, Widow and Re]id of Henry Villiers, formerly of Chelsea aforesaid, Esquire, who was a Grandson of the said Patentee, Sir Edward Villiers, became

seised

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 43-

seised in Fee of the Light House and Premises, so granted by the said Letters Patent of King Charles the Second, to the said Sir Edward Villiers, and being so seised of the said Light House and Premises, made her lait Will and Tellament, in Writing, bearing Date the Twenty-second Day of October in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, duly attelled by Three Witnesses; and thereby did dcvile the fame Light House and Premises in Manner herein-after mentioned (that is to lay), did give and devise to her Brother, Admiral Thorpe Fowke, Chari's Palmer of Canonbtrry, in the Parish of Saint Mary, ljlington, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and William Leigh of Milbank, in the Parish of Saint John within the Liberty of Westminster and County of Alidd/efex. Coal Merchant, all that her Freehold Estate at Turnon h Castle, called Tinmouth Great Lights, in the County of Northumberland, with all and singular Rights, Members, Privileges, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, to hold the fame Hereditaments (subject to the Payment thereout of a clear Annuity of Forty Pounds to Catherine Crajltr Widow, for her Life, which has been long determined by I er Decease), unto the said Admiral Thorpe Fowke, Charles Palmer, and William L-igh, the r Heirs and Assigns, in Trull, to receive the Rents, Ilfues, and Profits thereof, until her Godlon, William Fowke, therein deferred to be Filth and youngest Son of her said Brother Admiral Thorpe Fowke, and then an Infant about Eleven Years of Age, and now of Wejion Hall, in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, should attain his Age of Twenty-one Years, keeping the Lights in good Repair, sufficiently supplied with Coals, and continuing the several Wages and Salaries then given by the said Testatrix, for taking Care of the Lights and collecting the Monies arising therefrom respectively, with a D redtion that her Servant, who then looked after the Lights, should remain and be continued; and that none of the Gentlemen, her then Collectors, should be displaced, unless there was some substantial Reason of Misbehaviour; and from and immediately after the said William Fowke should have attained to his said Age, then to the Use of the said William Fowke for his natural Life, he keeping the Lights in good Repair, sufficiently supplied with Coals, and a proper Person to attend upon and look after the fame; Remainder to the said Admiral Thorpe Fowke, Charles Palmer, and William Leigh, their Heirs and Assigns, for and during the Life of the said William Fowke, upon Trull, to preserve contingent Remainders in Manner therein expressed; Remainder to the Use of his First and other Sons successively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of the Fill! and other Sons of the Body of Thomas Thorpe Fowke, eldest Son of her laid Brother Admiral Thorpe Fowke, on the Body of the then Wife of the said Thomas Thorpe Fowke, successively in Tail; Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the Body of Holland Fowke, Second Son of the said Admiral Thorpe Fowk>, successively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the Body of John Fowke, Third Son of the said Admiral Tb'.rpe Fowke, successively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the Body of Henry Fowke, Fourth Sen of the said Admiial Thorpe Fowke, successivtly in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of the right Heirs of the said Thomas Thorpe Fowke for ever: Provided always.

645

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

ways, that they the said Trustees, and such Devisees so from Timt to Time to come into Pofifession respectively, fh'iuld keep the lame devised Premises in good Repair, sufficiently supplied, and properly attended; and, after several other Bequests, the said Testatrix appointed the said Admiral Thorpe Fowke, Charles Palmer, and William Leigh, joint Executors of her said Will: And whereas the said Mary Villiers, by a Codicil in Writing, duly executed by her, an I duly attested by Three Witnesses, and bearing Date the Tenth of December in the said Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, charged all her Estate, both Real and Personal, with the yearly Sum of Ten Pounds to her upper Maid, Aderina Edwards, during her Life, payable as therein mentioned: And whereas the said Mary Villiers, after making the said last Will, continued feil'ed of the said Light House and Premises till her Death, and departed this Life on or about the Seventh Day of January in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, without revoking or altering her said last Will and Testament, and the said Codicil thereto; and the fame were provtd by her said Executors, in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury: And whereas, soon after the Death of the said Maty Villiers, a Fund was set apart out of her Personal Estate, under a Decree of the High Court of Chancery, for answering the said Annuity of Ten Pounds to the said Aderina Edwards: And whereas the said William Fcwke attained his Age of Twenty-one Years, on or about the Twenty-sixth Dav of November in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and thereupon, by virtue of the Devises in the said last Will of the said Mary Villiers, became seised for his Life of the said Light House and Premises, so granted by the said Letters Patent of King Charles the Second, and hath ever since been, and now is, seised of the said Light House and Premises accordingly: And whereas George Fowke of Ta-merton, in the County of Devon, a Captain in the Royal Navy, being the only surviving Son and Heir Apparent of the said Thomas Thorpe Fowke by Elizabeth Fowke, his Wife, which said Elizabeth Fcwke was also his Wife before and at the Date of the said last Will of the said Mary Villiers, and is now, by virtue of the said last Will, Tenant in Tail Male of the said devised Light House and Premises in Remainder, expedfant on the said Estate for Life of his Uncle, the said William Fowke, and on the aforesaid Remainder to Trustees and their Heirs, during his Life, to prel'erve contiflgent Remainders, and also on the said Remainder to his First and other Sons fucctfiively in Tail Male: And whereas the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon Tyne, and a great Number of Merchants, Traders, Owners, and Mafteis of Ships, and others interested in the Trade and Navigation of the Ports ol Newcastle-upon Tyne and Sunderland, and the Parts adjacent, taking into Consideration the present State of the said Tinmouth Light House and Light, and the great Benefit which would result to the Navigation of the said Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, and the Parrs adjacent, if the said Light House should be altered by taking down a Part thereof, and erecting a Copper Light House Lantern, and by substituting for the Coal Light, which is the Kind of Light at all Times hitherto used, an Oil Light on the improved Principle of Master George Robinson, by Patent Lamps and [Lac. fftPer,"] 8 A highly

646

After the Light House shall be improved, the following ad‘ ditional Duties shall be paid;

Duties,

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

highly polished Silver plated RefieClors, with a Revolving Machine, according to a Plan and Estimate lately made for the Purpose by the said George Robinson, have requelled the said William Fowke, as present Proprietor of the said Light House and Light, to cause the said Light House and Light to be altered accordingly; and in Consideration of the Colls and Expences w'aich thereby will be necessarily incurred, and of the increased annual Expence which will attend the keeping, maintaining, and managing of the said Light House and Light in a proper Manner, according to the said Alteration and Improvement, have signified their full Consent to the imposing of such additional Light Duties as are herein-ascer granted: And whereas the said William Fowke, having considered of the said Request, is willing to cause the said Light Hottfe and Light to be altered, improved, and maintained in Manner hereirt-before mentioned, upon the Terms of having such additional Light Duties granted as have been so consented to; and his said Nephew, George Fowke, who is so entitled to such Remainder in Tail Male in the said Light House as aforesaid, hath consented thereto: And whereas, such Alteration and Improvement in the said Light House and Light as aforesaid, may be of great publick Utility, by contributing to the Safety and Preservation of the Lives, Ships, and Goods of His Majesty's Subjects and others navigating and passing by the said Light House and Light, or which shall or may receive the Benefit thereof: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar, from and after the altering and improving of the said Light House called Tin-mouth Castle Light House in Manner aforesaid, and placing and exhibiting therein such an Oil Light as herein-before is mentioned, there shall for ever be paid to the said William Fowke, or his Alligns, or to the Person or Persons who shall or may for the Time being be seised of or entitled in Possession of or to the said Light House, for every Ship or other Vessel not belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Succdfors, which shall come or pass by the said Light House and Light, or shall or may receive the Benefit thereof, the following several Tolls or Duties, over and above the Tolls or Duties now payable by virtue of the said Letters Patent; that is to say, for every Coal Ship or Vessel, a Toll or Duty at the Rate of One Farthing for every Chaldron, Newcastle Measure, of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, on and for each and every Voyage which such Ship or Vessel shall make; and for every other Ship or Vessel belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, a Toll or Duty of Half a Farthing for every Ton, Register Measurement, of the Burthen of every such Ship or Vessel; Ships or Vessels returning in the Ballad only not to be liable to the said Toll or Duty inwards; and for every Ship or Vessel belonging to any Foreigner or Stranger One Farthing for every Ton of the Burthen thereof; the said several Tolls or Duties hereby granted to be paid by the respective Mailers, Commanders, or Owners of such Ships or Vessels to such Person or Persons as the said William Fowke or his Assigns, or the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be seised of or entitled to the said Light House,

647

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

shall from Time to Time authorize and appoint to col!e£t the fame Tolls or Duties at the Fort or Place or Ports or Places at which the Tolls or Duties now payable, in respect of the said Light House, are usually paid, and to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law, or Protection, shall be allowed, and not more than One Imparlance.

II. And, to the Intent that the said Tolls or Duties may be truly TheCuflom answered and paid, be it further enacted, That no Customer or Collector of His Majesty's Customs, Comptroller, Receiver of Entries of Ships, cirmnce.Vr. Surveyor, or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer whatsoever, of or con- J°|ap^,v'^el cerning the said Customs for the Time being, or their or any of their p'aid.U<y Deputies, or Clerks, at any Port, Harbour, Road, Creek, Haven, or Place within Great Britain or Ireland, where any such Ship or Vessel, liable as aforesaid, shall frt fail or arrive, shall at any Time hereafter give or make out, or cause, permit, or suffer to be given or made out, any Docket, or other Discharge whatsoever, or receive or take any Entry or Cocker, or give any Certificate, Return Bills, or other Discharge whatsoever respectively, or permit any Goods or Stores to be laid on Land, or discharged, or shipped out, from, or on any Ship or other Vessel liable or subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls or Duties hereby granted; or suffer any such Ship or Vessel to pass by or from them, or any of them, until a Receipt, Ticket, or Note be produced under the Hand of the Collector to be authorized by the said William Fowke, or his Assigns, or by the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be fcifed or entitled in Possession of or to the said Light House, or his or their Assigns, to collect the said Tolls or Duties at such Port or Place where such Ship or other Vessel shall let forth or arrive, testifying the Payment of the said Tolls or Duties for or in respect of such Ship or other Vtffd.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, Da"Jr0t°|be That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge or make lia- ^hile°the ble any Person or Persons with or to the Payment of any of the said Light House Tolls or Duties hereby granted, except whilst the said Light House shall p0rl"fup* be duly supported, according to the Alteration and Improvement aforesaid, and shall have such Light as aforesaid duly exhibited thereon accordingly.

IV. And, in order to secure the duly maintaining of the said Light ttcwcastle-House, and exhibiting of the said Light, according to the Alteration up>».Tj*r and Improvement aforesaid, be it further enacted, That it shall be to^'bi'ficVtuch lawful for the said Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants of the said Corpo- Light House. ration of the Trinity House of NewcaJtle-upon-Tyne, or any of them, or

any Person or Persons who shall at any Time be nominated and appointed by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, for the Purpose, from Time to Time to inspecc the said Light House and Light, in order to fee whether the fame be maintained, repaired, kept, conducted, and managed in a due and sufficient Manner, and in full Conformity to the

Alteration

648

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

Alteration and Improvement, in respect whereof the taking of the aforesaid additional Tolls or Duties is hereby authorized.

nuf'b^mort ^nc^’ *n or^er to enable the raising of such Monies as shall be

gaged "for ' necessary for defraying the Colls and Expences of altering and im-the 1/ t0ncay Pr0V‘nS t^ie Light House and Light according to the Plan herein-of improve- before mentioned, and also the Costs and Expences of obtaining merits, (sc. and passing this Act, and such other Costs and Expences as are herein-

after mrntioned, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said William Fowke, or his Assigns, or the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall or may be seised of or entitled in Poffllion to the said Light House, and other the Premises granted by the said Letters Patent of King Charles the Second; or if any such Person or Persons shall be an Infant or Infants, then for the Guardian or Guardians of such Infant or Infants, at any Time or Times hereafter, by any Deed or Deeds to be sealed and delivered by the said William Fcwke, or his Assigns, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, to charge the said Light House and Premises with any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, with lawful Interest for the fame, and to appoint or convey the said Light House and Premises to any Person or Persons who shall advance such Sum or Sums, as a Security for the fame, and the Interest thereof, by Way of Mortgage, either in Fee or for Years; so as that in every such Appointment or Conveyance by Way of Mortgage, there be a Proviso that no Person in Remainder or Reversion, who shall become entitled in Pofltflion to the said Light House and Premises, shall be liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest on the Money to be raised by such Mortgage than for One Year preceding the Time at which the Title to such Possession shall have commenced , and every such Appointment or Conveyance by Way of Mortgage, as shall be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended.

Money so

VI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all and paid into the every fdch Sum and Sums of Money to be raised by Mortgage as afore-Bankbythe said, shall, previously to any such Mortgage, be paid into the Bank of the Narneof’* England, 'n t*ie Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Account- the High Court of Chancery, to the Account of this Act, under the ant General. Title of Ttnmcuth Cttftle Light House.

Cashier'a Re-

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Receipt or Receipts of sufficient Dir ^nc Cashiers of the Bank, with the Certificate of the said Ac*

charge. " countant General thereto annexed, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge or Discharges to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees of the said Light House and Premises, for so much Money as in such Receipt or Receipts shall be expressed to be received; and such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall not be obliged to fee to the Application of any Sum or Sums of Money whicti shall be so paid by them as aforesaid.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 43. 649

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all ard every such Sum and

$Sms of Money to be raised by Mortgage as aforesaid, shall, upon 0 ‘ e Jiuy' Tetition or other Application to the said Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, be from Time to Time applied under the Directions of the said Court; first in defraying the Calls and Expences which shall be incurred in obtaining and passing this Act; and after Payment thereof, then in defraying the Costs and Expences which shall be incurred in altering and improving the said Eight House and Light, according to the Plan herein-before mentioned; and also the Costs and Expences which shall be incurred by r.afon of any such Mortgage as aforesaid, or of any Application to the Court of Chancery under this Act; and if, after the Payment of all f’uch Costs and Expences as aforesaid, any Surplus of the said Money which shall be so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, shall remain, then all such Surplus shall, under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, be applied towards discharging the Principal Money which shall be due on such Mortgage or Mortgages of the said Light House and Premises, as shall be made in Manner herein-before mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be L'^on 04 brought or commenced against any Officer or Officers of the Customs, A MCt'

or any other Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed, and not afterwards; and the Venue in every such Action or Suit shall be laid in the County in which the Cause of such Action or Suit shall arise, and not elfwhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Idue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence in any Trial to be had thereupon; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time so limited for bringing the same, or the Venue shall be laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Disconti nuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise.

Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs of Suit, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cods of Suit in any other Cafes by Law.

X. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General and Successors, all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and De- Savi"g-mand whatsoever of, in, to, out of, or in respect of the fame Light House and Premises, and every or any Parc thereof, or of, in, or to

any Rent issuing out of, charged upon, or payable in respect of the fame, as His Majesty had or might lawfully claim or demand before the passing of this Act, or as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

\_Loc. Ptr.~\ S B

650 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

[Publick Act.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts of Law or Equity, as a publick Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

V

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

* 4M> It*

Cop. 44.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two several A<2s, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashby-de la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, through Burton-upon-Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tutbury, in the said County.

[4th May 1802.]

8 B

ILu. Per.]

WHEREAS

650

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

t6 Geo. 1.

19 Geo. 3.

Af>s further continued.

Additional

Tiultecs.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, through Burton-upon-Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tutbury, in the said County: And whereas an Act was passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said recited Act: And whereas the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which still remain due and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and ever}' the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, Penalties, and Clauses therein contained, (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as* fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and are hereby made subject to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said former Acts, or hereafter to be borrowed on the Credit of the said former Acts and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That William Ashby, John Allen, Charles Buchannon, Charles Buchannon the younger, John Hawkesworth Baxter, John Bott, Charles Bott, Philip Brookes, Thomas Cartwright, Richard Cleaver, Thomas Clarke, Sir Henry Every Baronet, John Evans, George Ensor, John Dickenson Fowler, William Greaves, John Greaves, Francis Hoskins, John Hoskins, Charles Hodson, Thomas Harvey, Daniel Hopkins, John Hopkins, William Hopkins, Thomas Haffall, Hugh Jones the younger, Clerk, John Lathbury the younger, Joseph Latbbury, William Leedam, Thomas Lea, Sir Oswald Mofley Baronet, Ashion Nicholas Mofley, Joseph Muckleston, Edward Marflon, Humphrey Naydin, William Osborne the younger, Porter Orme, Joseph Orgil, Joseph Perks, Joseph Pycroft, Charles Perks, John Peel, Philip Port, John Port, Francis

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 44. 651

Pitt, John Ratcliffj St ebbing Shaw Clerk, John Spender the younger,

Edward Smith, William Smith of Horning/ow Street, William Smith of , High Street, Thomas Steere, John Scott, John Staley, John Spencer, William Smith Mercer, John Thomewill, Francis Thornewill, George Tabbe-rer, William Worthington, Thomas Worthington, George Wood, Thomas Will-Jon, and John Yeomans, being qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act, shall be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or either of them, for putting the said Acts and this Act in Execution, and the Trustees herein-before nominated are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed Trustees by the said recited Acts, or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Truf- msy

tees, or any Five or more of them, on giving Notice in Writing, to be e 'et‘e lol"* affixed on all the Gates or Turnpikes which shall be then erected upon

the said Road, and also in One of the Derby Newspapers, of their Intention to let such Tolls, at least Ten Days before their Meeting for such Purpose, and from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to demise and lease the Tolls by the said recited Acts, or either of them, granted and made payable, or any Part of such Tolls, to any Person or Persons from Year to Year, or for any Term of Years not exceeding Three Years at any One Time, for the belt Price or yearly Rent that can be got for the fame, payable at such Times, and under such Covenants, and to such Person or Persons, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct or appoint; which Monies so to be paid, shall be applied and disposed of as the Tolls by the said recited Acts, or either of them, authorized to be taken, are directed to be applied and disposed of, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue ^rua(ledesbay and be sued in the Name of their Clerk; and that no Actioa to be {"'dm ,'e brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees, or any Five or Name of their more of them, by virtue or on account of the said recited Acts, or Clerk-

of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case shall be: Provided always, that every such Clerk in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of the said recited Act* or of this Act, shall always be re-imbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, all such Colts, Charges, and Expences, as by the Event of any such Proceeding he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein as aforesaid.

652

A pplication of Money when amounting to 100 /.

Where left than too/, and exceeding 2o/.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands and Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the fame shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land 'Fax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands and Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands and Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the lame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trurts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Setdement were made.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands and Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds,

653

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 44"

Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in dli such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments lo purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case cf Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Where left Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned,

shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

WL And be it further enacted, That all the Colts, Charges, for paying tmd Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, together with In- of

terefl for all Money which shall be advanced from Time to Time for that Purpose, shall be defrayed out of any Money already collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or out of the First Monies to arise by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsover.

[Publick Act.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged,

deemed, and taken to be a publick Act, and as such be judicially

taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and con- Term of this

tinued by the said recited Acts, shall, upon the passing of this Act, Aa'

cease and determine; and that the said Acts (subject as herein-before mentioned) and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in [Lee. & Per.J 8 C force*'

654 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 44*

Force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Ahdrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

S i u ' C7/T r

MU'; .0 V f v >.0 rioi/

- )

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 45-

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from a Place called The Crown Hill, in the Town of Newent, in the County of Gloucester, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Hereford towards Newnham, in the County of Glou-cester\ and also another Road leading from the Bottom of Kilcott Hill, in the Parish of Newent aforesaid, towards the Town and Forest of Deane, in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch from the same towards Ledbury, in the County of Hereford.

[4th May 1802.]

WHEREAS the Road from the Town of Newent, in the County of Gloucester, to the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Hereford towards Newnham, in the said County of Gloucester, is jnuch out of Repair, narrow, and circuitous; and it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Neighbourhood, and of publick Utility, if a new Road was made, instead thereof, from a Place called The Crown ILoc.tf Per.I S D Hill,

658

Trustees.

On Death Or Kefufat of Trustees to act, others to be chuteii.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45*

Hill, in the said Town of Newent, through the several Pari (lies of Ns went aforesaid, Linton, and Upton Bishop, in the County of Hereford, to join the said Turnpike Road leading tram Hereford towards Newnham, at a Place called The Crow Hill, in the parish of Upton Bishop aforesaid: And whereas the Road leading from the Bottom of Kilcott Hill, near a Place called Phillip's Cottage, in the Parish of Newent aforesaid, to the Lea Line in the Hamlet of Newland, in the said County of Gloucester, and also the Road branching out of the said last mentioned Road near a Place called Perrin’s Wood, in the Parish of AJlm Ingham, in the said County of Hereford, and passing through a Place called The Croofe Green, and joining the Road leading from the said Town of Newent to the said City of Hereford, near the Great Pool on Gorjley Common, are in a very ruinous and dangerous State, and cannot be amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: May it therrfore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, 1’hat the most Honourable Henry Charles. Marquis of Worcester, the Honourable George Cranfield Berkeley, the Honourable Hen y Howard, the Right Honourable Thomas Hr ley, the Honourable Edward Foley, the Honourable Andrew Foley, the Honourable John Somers Cocks, Sir George Cornwall, "Sir Berkeley William Guise, Sir Hungerford Hofkyns, Baronets; John Napleton Bodor in Divinity, William Parry Doctor in Divinity, Henry Gorges Bobby ns Tate Doctor of Laws, John Matthews Doctor of Physic, Whaley Armitage, Thomas Apperley, Charles Ayfrigg, Benjamin Aycrigg, Miles Aftman, Philip Rogers Bearcroft, John Bower, Robert Biddulph, Samuel Beale, Anthony Burgum, Charles Bonner, Richard Cocks, John Carless, William Cooke, William Deykes, Samuel Draper, William. Dew, Henry Fowke, Richard Garold, James Hereford, Thomas Harvey, Thomas Hullett, John Hill of Standings, Francis Hevard, Edward Hart land, Thomas Hankins, Joseph Hankins, John Hardwick, Thomas Jcjferys, John Jefferys, Francis Lawson, Richard Lcveridge, John Moggridge, John Holder Moggridge, John Matthews, Charles Matthews of Belmont, James Money, John Nourse Rlarfe, John Morse, Henry Matthews, John Nourse, Josiah Newman, Henry Sharpe Pocklington, Robert Philips, Nathaniel Purchas, Richard Perkins, Richard Perkins the younger, Thomas Perkins, Thomas Perkins of the Flay, John Pitt, Thomas Richardson, John Scudamore, Thomas Powell Symonds, Joseph Swayne, James de Vifme, Thomas Wejffaling, John Wood of the Ford House, Simon Woodall, William Beale Clerk, James Commelinc Clerk, John Foley of Newent, Clerk, Richard Foley Clerk, Jenkin Jenkins Clerk, James Roberts Clerk, James Roberts Clerk. Thomas Stilling-feet Clerk, Robert Strong Clerk, Robert D'Squire Clerk, and Charles Whatley Clerk, shall be, and they and their Successors (to be tekded in Manner herein-after mentioned) shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making, maintaining, altering, and keeping in Repair the said respective Roads, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as'any Trustee or Trustees shall die, or by Notice in Writing signify his or their Refusa! to ad, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or :-.ny Seven or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to elect and appoint One or more Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the a - " Room

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45. 659

Room of such Trustee or Trustees so dying'or refusing to act: Provided always, that the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election shall be appointed by the said Trustees at feme Meeting h' Id under this Act, and Notice thereof shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks to the said J^E'e^ion Trustees, by affixing the fame upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected to be adver-and set up, or by Advertisement in some publick Newl’paper or News-t!led* papers circulating in the Neighbourhood of Newent aforesaid, at lead Fourteen Days before fevery such Meeting; antj all Persons so'to be elected shall, on taking nrd subscribing the Oath required by this Act, be, and they are hereby vested with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as the Trustees in vhofe Places they shall be respectively chufen were vested with.

lit. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Qualification be capable of acting as aTruft.ee in the Execution of this Act whilst: he ut Iiu|t ;s. holds any Place of Profit under the fame, nor in any Case wherein he shall be personally interested, other than as a Creditor; nor shall arty Person be qualified to act as a Trustee unless he shall, at the Time of his acting, be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Sixty Pounds above Reprizts; or possessed of or entitled unto a personal Estate alone, or of a Real and Personal Estate together, of the Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds more than sufficient to pay his Debts; or shall be an Heir Apparent of or to a Person actually seised in Possession of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, or seised of an Estate of Inheritance in Reversion or Remainder immediately expectant on the Determination of One or more Estates for Life only, of or in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, nor (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation following, and giving Notice of the First Meeting of the Trustees herein-after mentioned). Until he shall have taken and subscribed, before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized to administer the same, an Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Effect following, as the Case may require; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do onh,

‘ solemnly affirm] that I am in my own Right [or, in the Right of

my Wife] in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits

of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of ‘ Sixty Pounds abovf Reprizes, cr, possessed of a Personal Estate alone,

or of a Real and Personal Estate together, of the Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds more than sufficient to pay my Debts, or,

am Heir Apparent of or to ? Person actually seised in Possession of Lands,

‘ Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, or, am seised of an Estate of Inheritance in Reversion or

Remainder immediately expectant on the Determination of One or ‘ more Estate or Estates for Life only, of or in Lands, Tenements, or ‘ Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds.

'So help me GOD.’

And if any Person disqualified by any of the causes aforesaid, or not being so qualified, shall nevertheless presume to act, contrary to the true Intent

and

66o

Acts of Trul-

tecs before Conviction to be valid.

Mortgagees may aft.

Trustees being Justices in ay aft as such.

Time and P’ace of First Meeting.

Notice to be given of an-other Meeting.

Trustees to pay their own Expence$.

Orders to be made at Meetings, and not to be revoked u* Ids

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

and Meaning hereof, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided always, that such Acts and Proceedings as shall have been done and performed by any such Person touching the Execution of this Act, previous to his being convicted of the Offence before mentioned, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Mortgagee or Assignee of any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of any of the Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Interest thereout for the fame, shall not on that Account be deemed unqualified to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Trustees as are Justices of the Peace may act as Justices in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet together at some House in the Parish of Newent, in the said County of Gloucester, within One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and proceed to the Execution of this Act; and shall then and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themselves to meet at such Time, and at such House or Place within the Parish of Newent, the Parishes of Aston Ingham, or Upton Bishop, or Linton aforesaid, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think most convenient; and if at any such subsequent Meeting the re shall not be Five Trustees present to transact Business and to adjourn such Meeting, or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall not adjourn themselves, then One or more Trustee or Trustees, or if no Trustees shall be present, then the Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, or any One of them, shall, and they and he are and is hereby respectively authorized to adjourn such Meeting to the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to have been held or was held, as the Case may be, and to such Time as he or they shall think fit, not exceeding Thirty Days, nor less than Seven Days from the Day on which such last Meeting was held or was appointed to be held as aforesaid; and Notice thereof in Writing shall be affixed on all the Turnpikes to be erected under and by virtue of this Act; and the said Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Expences.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Act, Order, or Proceeding of the Trustees shall be deemed to be valid, unless done, made, or had at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act (except in Cafes herein particularly

66r

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

ticularly provided for); and that no such Act, Order, or Proceeding shall be done, made, or had, unless the Majority of the Trustees present shall concur therein; nor shall any Order or Appointment made at a Meeting of the said Trustees be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Notice in Writing, specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, be affixed upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act, and also inserted in some Newspaper circulated in either of the said Counties at lead Fourteen Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a greater Number of Trustees shall be present at such Meeting than were present when such Order was made; and that all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act, shall be entered in some Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the Trustees present at any Meeting; which Book or Books, and also the Book or Books herein-after directed to be kept for registering Mortgages and Assignments, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts and Places whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary, by any Five or more of the said Trustees, that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than that Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, the Clerk to the said Trustees, by an Order in Writing signed by Five or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting in the Manner before directed, such Time not being less than Seven Days after such Notice; and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued, for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by or by the Direction of or against the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurer or Clerk, nor by the Act of such Treasurer or Clerk without the Consent of the Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, but that the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed to be Plantiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action or Suit, or Bill of Indictment: Provided always, that every such Treasurer or Clerk, in whose Name any Action or Suit, or Bill of Indictment shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or other Proceeding, he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant, or Prosecutor as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint One or more Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls, and Surveyor or

[Ear. ft? Per.] 8 E Surveyors

at a Meeting whereat a greater Number of Truf. tees shall be present than when made.

Meetings on Emergencies.

Trustees may

fne and be sued in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk.

Treasurer or Clerk to be reimbursed their Expellees.

Trustees to appoint Offi. cers.

662

and to remove them, and appoint others,

and allow Salaries

Taking Security.

No Victuallers, rfr. shall ho d any Place of Profit.

Officers to account on Oath.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Surveyors of the Roads intended by this Act to be made and repaired as aforesaid, and such other Officers and Persons as they shall think proper; and from Time to Time to remove such Officer or Officers, and Persons, and on the Death or Deaths, Removal or Removals of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to appoint another or others in his or their Stead; but Seven Days Notice shall be given of every Meeting, where any such Appointment or Removal shall be made after the First Meeting of the Paid Trustees, upon all the said Turnpikes in Manner aforesaid; and by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees may 3nd are hereby empowered to appoint and pay such Salaries, Allowances, and other Rewards to such Officers and Persons by them employed, for their Services in making, repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, or otherwise in putting this Act in Execution, as they shall think reasonable: Provided that no Person or Persons shall be appointed a Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls, or a Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Roads, or either of them, or a Receiver or Receivers of any Money that shall belong to the said Roads, or either of them, without giving such Security or Securities for the due Execution of their respective Offices as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; and that no Person shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit under this Act, who shall fell W ine, Cyder, Ale, Beer, or-Spirituous Liquors by Retail.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers, and all other Persons, shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing, under their respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, collected, or received by virtue of this Act, and how and to whom, and for what Purposes the fame, and every Part thereof, hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall verify the Accounts upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer); and such Officers and Persons shall and they are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies as, upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts, shall appear to be in them Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same; and if any of the said Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to render and give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof on Oath, or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands, when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid, or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Twenty-one Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their respective Custody or Power, anyways relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Roads, and Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Refusal to any justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing, shall live and reside, by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons on their Behalf, such Justice may, and is hereby authorized and required to summon such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to appear before him, and upon

663

I

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

his or their appearing, or not appearing, without sufficient Excuse, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a furnmary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in such Manner as the said Trustees might have done; and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers,

Person or Persons, against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been lo collected or received, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of levying the fame, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place by him appointed for that Purpose (except for some reasonable Excuse), or if appearing shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to the said Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truth of such Accounts, or of the Articles thereof, upon Oath as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Roads, then and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, the said Justice may, and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers,

Person or Persons, to the common Gaol of the County where he or they shall live and reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have delivered in and settled his or their Accounts, and have verified the fame on Oath, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Difirefs and Sale as shall in that Respect have been made, or until he or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the fame, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby in such Case empowered to make), or until he or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but no such Officer or other Person, who shall be committed on Account of his not having sufficient Goods and Chattels as aforesaid, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Time than Six Calendar Months.

XII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, Trustees to absconding, Misbehaviour, or Absence of any Collector or Receiver of a£p°!n the Tolls, any Five or more of the said Trustees, though not assembled lectors. ° at a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and may discharge such Collector or Receiver who shall become incapable, abscond, misbehave, or absent himself as aforesaid, and nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver so dying, or being discharged

as

664.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

as aforesaiti, and to continue until the next Meeting of the Trustees; which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner, in all Respects, as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or been subject to; and that if any CoIIe&or or Receiver of the Tolls who shall at any Time be discharged from his said Office by the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die, become incapable, abscond, absent himself, or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse or neglect to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building to be erected or set up by virtue of this Act for the Space of Two Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given or left on the Premises for that Purpose by or under the Hands of any Five or more of the said Trustees, or their Clerk or Treasurer, then and in any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Toll House or Building shall be, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer within the said County, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day Time, and to remove the Person and Persons who shall be found therein, and the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Clerk, or their new appointed Officer, into the Possession thereof, with the Appurtenances.

For erecting

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Turnpikes. F;ve or ,nore of them> shall and may ered, or cause to be erected and set up any Turnpike or Turnpikes, Gate or Gates, in, upon, or across any Part of the said respective Roads by this Act directed to be made, repaired, widened, altered, improved, and kept in Repair as aforesaid; and also upon the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Roads, and across any Lane or Way leading into the fame respectively; and also ered or provide, or cause to be erected or provided, a Toll House or Toll Houses, with suitable Outbuildings and Conveniencies, at or near each Turnpike or Turnpikes, Gate or Gates, and may from Time to Time remove or alter the same as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and the Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at every such Turnpike or Turnpikes, Gate or Gates, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, or by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be let or leased in Manner hereinafter mentioned, before any Cattle or Carriage Hull be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say).

Tolls. For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Sociable, Chariot, Curricle, Hearse,

Calash, Chaise, or Chair, drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Three-pence; and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

3

For

665

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tax Cart, Car, or other Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence

t For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tax Cart, Car, or other Carriage employed in carrying Lime, solely for manuring or improving of Land, from the First Day of April to the last Day of September inclusive in every Year, the Sum of Two-pence; but at all other Times whatever the Sum of Four-pence

For every Ox or other Neat Cattle drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart,

Tax Cart, or other Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence

For every Ox or other Neat Cattle drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart,

Tax Cart, Car, or other Carriage employed in carrying Lime, solely for manuring or improving of Land, from the First Day of April to the last Day of September inclusive in every Year, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny; but at all other Times whatever the Sum of Three-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For all Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Sociables, Chariots, Curricles, Sunday Tulls. Hearfes, Calaflies, Chaises, Chairs, Waggons, Wains, Carts, Tax Carts,

Cars, and other Carriages whatsoever, and all Horses and other Cattle whatsoever, passing through any of the Turnpikes or Gates to be erected or continued under Authority of this Act, between the Hours of One in the Morning and Twelve at Night on every Sunday, shall pay, and are hereby charged with Double the Tolls authorized to be taken at every such Turnpike Gate, for any such like Carriage or Carriages, Horse or Horses, or other Cattle whatsoever as aforesaid, on any other Day:

All which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in To!is ,nw the Name of or as Toll; and if any Person or Persons, subject to the sv,e ' Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the lame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed to collect such Tolls, to seize and distrain any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, or any Goods upon which such Toll is by this Act imposed; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days after such Seizure and Distu-fs made, the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining, shall and may fell the Horse or Horses, or any Part of the Harness or Accoutrements, or Cattle so seized and distrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus, (if any be), upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such Seizure, Distress, and Sale, shall be dedu&ed; and that all the Tolls to be collected or levied by virtue of this Act, shall T1’"6 be, and are hereby respectively vested in the said Trustees, and shall be ap- tecs/ fU" plied or may be assigned in such Manner as is herein-after mentioned, fub-jett to the Repayment of all and e\ery the Sum and Sums of Money [lor. & Per. J 5 F that

666

Property of the Turnpikes an<i Toil-houses, etc. vested in the TrultewS.

For erecting a Dane or Weighing Engine.

Expence* of pacing the Act, how to be paid.

Application of the Tolls.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

that shall be borrowed upon the Credit of this Act, and the Discharge of all Interest to grow due on the fame respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all the Turnpikes and Toll Houses to be by virtue of this Act erected upon the said Roads, with their Appurtenances, and the Right and Property of the Materials provided for building or repairing the fame, and of all Materials which shall be actually got or collected for repairing the said Roads, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to sell and dispose of the fame or any Part thereof as they shall think proper, and to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or of their Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, or to prefer or order the preferring of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall injure the fame or any Part thereof, or disturb them in the Possession thereof, or take, or retain or hold Possession thereof, after being required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to deliver up the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any publick Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, if they shall think proper, at any Gate or Gates to be erected on the said Roads, and at such Distance from any Toll Gate or Toll Bar as they shall think requisite or expedient, to order and cause to be built or erected a Crane Machine, or Engine proper for the weighing of Carts, Waggons, or Carriages, carrying or Conveying any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever; which said Crane, Machine, or Engine, shall be subject and liable, and the Person or Persons attending the same shall conform in all Respects whatever to the Rules and Regulations contained in an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money that shall be raised by virtue of this Act, all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and other the necessary and reasonable Charges incident thereto, shall be first satisfied and paid, in the Proportions following; that is to say, One Moiety thereof out of the Tolls which shall be collected and paid upon the Road leading from the Crown Hill, in Newent, to Crow Hill, in the Pari lit of Upton Bishop aforesaid, and out of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof; and the other Moiety thereof out of the Tolls which shall be collected and paid upon the Road leading from the Bottom of Kilcott Hill, in the Parish of Newent, to the Lea Line, and from Perrin's Wood, to the Great Pool on Gorfley Common aforesaid, and out of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls arising or to be collected and paid at any Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates to be erected upon or cn the Side or Sides, or across any Part of the said Road leading from the Crown Hill in Newent to Crow Hill in the Parish of Upton Bishop aforesaid, and the Monies borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit

thereof.

667

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

thereof, shall be applied in paying she Principal and Interest of the Money so borrowed or to be borrowed, and in amending the said Road, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; and that the Tolls arising or to be collected and paid at any Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates to be erected upon or on the Side or Sides thereof, or across any Part of the said Road leading from the Bottom of Kilcott Hill, in the Parish of Newent, to the Lea Line, and from Perrin’s Wood to the Great Pool 6n Gorjley Common, and the Monies borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall be applied in paying the Principal and Interest of the Money so borrowed or to be borrowed, and in amending the said last mentioned Road, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, and to and for ho other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven Trustees may or more of them, shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered v»ry '-he l°U». from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to

lcflen, vary, or alter all or any Part or Parts of the several Tolls granted by this Act, and to raise the fame again; so that the fame do nbt exceed the Tolls by this Act granted, and so that such Reduction be made with the Consent of the several Persons who shall be entitled to Two Third Parts at leaf! of the Money then due and owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls, or who at the Time of such Reduction shall have Money fecuTed thereon; but such Reduction shall not be made unless Notice in Writing be given for that Purpose, by affixing the fame upon all the Turnpikes then erected upon the said respective Roads, at leaf! Fourteen Days before making such Reduction; and such Tolls so lessened, varied, or altered, shall be recovered, collected, and applied, in the same Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be recovered, collected, and applied.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be Toils to be liable to pay Toll more than Once for passing or re-passing at any Time or P pda^ut °nce Times in any One Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in

One Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night, with the fame Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, through all or any of the Turnpike or Turnpikes to be erected upon or on the Sides of, or across the Road leading from the Crown Hill in Newent to Crow Hill in the Parish of Upton Bishop, nor more than Once in the same Day at any Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates to be erected upon or on the Side of, or across the Road leading from the Bottom of Kilcott Hill, in the Parish of Newent, to the Lea Line, and from Perrin's Wood to the Great Pool in Gorjley Common, such Person or Persons producing a Ticket, denoting that the respective Tolls hath been paid on that Day; which Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis, if demanded, on Receipt of such Toil.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That no Exemption* Toll shall be demanded or taken (except on Sundays), for any Cattle, flom Tull*. Horse, or Farming Stock going to or from Lands or Grounds lying

within any or either of the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions, or Places into or through which any Part of the said respective Roads lead; nor for any Cattle or Horse going from or to the Curtilage, Outhouse, or

Place

668

Pennlfv on »Yr on< taV-ing the Benefit of any "

liKeHijttifn

i ot being cn-titl'd t2i rcto«

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Place where usually kept, or to or from Paflttre. in order to be cued, shoed, or farried, and for no other Purpose; nor for any Carriage, Horse, or Cattle, drawing, carrying, or laden with Corn in the Straw, or Hay, Potatoes, or Turnips, and grown on Lands situate within any or either of the Parishes, Hamlets, Divisions, Townships, or Places into or through which any Part of the said Roads lead, and being taken from off the Lands where the same shall be grown, into the Barns, Outhouses, Rick Yards, or Rick Bartons of the Occupiers of such Lands respectively, within any or either of such Parishes or Places as aforesaid; nor for Dung made in or upon the Outhouses, Folds, Yards, Curtilages, or Bartons of any Person or Persons situate within such Parishes or Places as aforesaid, when drawn out for the immediate Purpose of being spread, and actually used in and upon any Lands in the actual Occupation of such Person or Persons, within any or either of such Parishes or Places as aforesaid, in Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards; nor for Horses or Cattle going from or to the Curtilage, Outhouse, or Place where usually kept, to or from Water only; nor for Milch Kine going from their Places of Pasture to the Milking Yard or Place where usually milked, or returning to their Pasture therefrom; nor for Cattle or Carriages employed in conveyng Vagrants fenc by legal Passes; nor for Carriages or Horses carrying any Person or Persons to or from Elections for any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Gloucester and He>eford respectively, during the Time of such Elections, or on the Day before or Day after such Elections shall begin or be concluded; nor from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church, or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his Tick Parishioners; nor for the Cattle or Carriages of any Person or Persons redding in any Parish, Township, or Hamlet in which the said respective Roads lie, who shall pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate to or from their own Parish Church, Chapel, or other nearest Place of religious Worship on Sundays, or any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and was resident in the Parish, Township, or Hamlet at the Time of his Death, and to be buried within any Parish, Township, or Hamlet into or through which any Part of the said respective Roads lie; nor for any Carriages or Horses employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when tmpioyed in conveying or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying or guarding the fame; nor for any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers on their March or upon Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any Tick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, or of any other Exemption under any Act or Acts of Parliament for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, not being entitled to the fame, or shall, under Pretence of any Exemption or otherwise, pass through any Turnpike Gate to be erected or continued under the Authority of this Act, without paying the Toll thereat authq-rized to be taken, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit 6 and

66g

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

and pay any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ifanyDispute Dispute* con-shall happen about the Quantity of Toll due, or the Charges of keeping "‘betotied'1' any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person distraining to byajustice. retain the fame, or the Money arising by Sale thereof, as the Case may happen, until the Quantity of Toll due, and the Charges of making such Distress. and of keeping and felling the fame, shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where such Toll shall be incurred, or such Distress taken; who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter, on Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses, and determine the Quantity of the Tolls due, and also assess the Charges of such Distress, Keeping, and Sale, and also of the Co'ledors Attendance for that Purpose on the said Justice; all which Sums so determined or assessed shall be paid to the said Collector or other Person before he shall be obliged to return the Distress, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suir, or Coileflor* of Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the feme, or any other Person nesses. or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be and are hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall To prevent with any Ilorfe, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, pass through or over any "’J"8 tte Land, Ground, or Place, lying by the Side of or near to any Part of the said Roads; or if any Person or Persons owning or occupying any such Land, Gtuund, or Place, the fame not being a publick Highway, shall knowingly or willingly permit or fuller any Person or Persons to pass with any Horle, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage, through or over the fame, whereby the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any I erson or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or shall give to or receive from any other Person or Persons, any Note or Ticket by this Act directed to be given by the Collector of the Tolls; or if any Person or taking off or Persons shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse or other carriage Bead Iroin any Carriage, or having passed through any Turnpike shall to avoid Pay-afterwards add or put any Horse or other Bead to any such Carriage, with tnentot Toil, an Intent to evade the Payment of the said.-Tolls, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall do any other Act in order or with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, every such Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall for each Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause or promote to be assaulted, inter- E«cutk>nEcf* rupted, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or the Ait. Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, employed in the Execute Lot. Per.8 G tion

670 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

tion of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings.

For borrow, ing Monty.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit, upon the Credit of the Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, and to mortgage, demise, and assign over the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, the Costs and Charges of such Mortgages to be paid out of such Tolls respectively, to any Person or Persons who shall advance or lend their Monies thereon, for any Time during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for the Money that shall be so borrowed, and the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by the following Words under their Hands, or by any other Words to the like Effect} (videlicet).

Formof Mort- ‘ gage-

gY virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, an Act [here insert the Title of this Act) we of the Trustees for the said respect

tive Roads, in consideration of the Sum of

to the Treasurer of the said respective Roads in Hand paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising from the said Roads, and of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum due and owing on the Credit thereof, or charged upon the Term of the said Act, to be had and holden from this Day of in the Year of

our Lord for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the Sum of with Interest at

the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner paid

and satisfied.’

And that Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments, and of any new Mortgages or Assignments that may be made in lieu of any Mortgage or Assignment, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; but no Money shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the said Tolls after the Second Meeting, unless Fourteen Days previous Notice shall have been given in some publick Newspaper, published or circulated in the said Counties of Gloucester or Hereford, and affixed in Writing on all the Turnpikes which shall be then (landing upon the said respective Roads, of the Time and Place of Meeting for the borrowing thereof; and all Mortgages or Aliign-ments so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Trttents and Purposes; and the several Persons to whom such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made, and their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, may from Time to Time, by Writing under his, 'her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit to the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons, signing an Instrument to be annexed to such Security, or by Indorsement on the fame in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect} (videlicet).

I A. B.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

I A.B. do transfer the within Mortgage [if by Indorsement; or by a 1 separate Infrument, a certain Mortgage, bearing Date the

Day of ] of the Tolls arising on the Roads to be made,

‘ amended, and kept in Repair by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-‘ second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third,

intituled, An Act [here inftrt the Title of this Act\ and all my Right

‘ and Title to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, unto ‘ his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

‘ Dated this Day of

And every such Transfer shall be produced and shewn to the said Clerk or Clerks before any Intered shall be paid thereon, who shall cause an Entry cr Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, containing the Dates, Names, and Places of Abode of the Parties, and the Sum of Money therein transferred, for which the said Clerk or Clerks shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more, by the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made; which Book or Books shall and may be inspected at all seasonable Times by any Person or Persons whomsoever, and the Sum of One Shilling, and no more, shall be paid to such Clerk or Clerks for every such Inspe'ftion; and after such Entry made, but not till then, every such Transfer shall entitle such Assignee, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignees may in like Manner assign the fame again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made any such Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the original Mortgage or Assignment, or any Monies due thereon.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by this Act, his, her, or their Assignee or Assigns, in respect to Priority of the Mortgage or Assignment, or of advancing such Sum or Sums of Money, but that all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Alignments shall be made as aforesaid, his, her, and their Assignee or Assignees, shall be (in Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned) Creditors on this Act in equal Degree One with another.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That out of the first Monies that shall be raised by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall pay and discharge all the Expences and Cods relative to the procuring and passing this Act, in Preference to any other Payment whatever; and after Payment thereof, all such Money which shall come to the Elands of the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, shall be from Time to Time applied in the Execution of this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may and they are hereby empowered, upon Fourteen Days Notice at lead being given in some Newspaper usually circulated in the Counties of Hereford and Gkucester, and in Writing to be affixed on the several Turnpikes to be erected upon the said respective Roads, from Time to Time to let or farm by the Year, or for any Term not exceeding Three Years, all or any Part of the Tolls granted by this Act, to any Person

671

Form of Transfer.

All Creditors to be deemed equal inDr-gree.

For Payment of the Ex-rences ol parting this Act.

Further Application ct Money.

Trustees may lease Tolls.

672 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Person or Persons who shall be willing to take or farm the fame, at or for the larged yearly Rent or Sum that can be got for the fame; provided that such Lettings or Agreements be made in Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons taking the said Tolls respectively, and giving such Security for the same as shall be approved of by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall let the fame; and that the Money that shall be so agreed to be paid for the said Toils, shall be made payable and shall be paid to the said Trustees by Four equal quarterly Payments, and that the Person or Persons to whom the said Tolls shall be so let or leased shall always pay down One Quarter in Advance.

*«rM'ner'uiay And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Sur-

fer repairing veyor or Surveyors to be appointed under or by virtue of this Act, and Roads out of for any other Person or Persons by such Surveyor or Surveyors, or by the Linds!*1*' said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to be for that Purpose employed, to cut, dig, get, take, and carry away any Furze, Heath, Sand, Gravel, Stones, Faith, Soil, or.other Materials, for the making, repairing, widening, or amending of the said Roads, in, upon, out of, or from any Ditch, Brook, River, Common, or Wade Ground, lying in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place into or through which any Part of the said respective Roads lead, or in any other Parish, Hamlet, Township, Division, or Place adjoining, without making any Satisfaction for the fame; but so as not to divert or interrupt the Course of any such River or Brook, or to prejudice or damage any Building, Highway, Bridge, Dam, Weir, or Ford; and so that all Holes and Pits where any such Materials as aforesaid shall be digged, gathered, and taken, be fenced or (topped up, so as to prevent any Danger or Accident to Passengers or Cattle; and if sufficient Quantities of Materials cannot be had or found in or upon any such Ditch, Brook, River, Common, or Waite Ground, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in Writing under their Hands, to enter into and upon any Lands, Fields, Closes, or Inclosures of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, in such Order to be specified (Rich Lands not being the Ground whereon any Dwelling HouCe (lands, or the Curtilage thereof, nor any Garden or Orchard immediately adjoining the fame, nor any Yard, Park, Paddock, Lawn, Shrubbery, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to any House), and to search for, dig, get, gather, and take away, any such Materials as aforesaid, for the Repair of the said Roads, and from Time to Time to carry away the fame upon or through the private Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, paying such Sum or Sums of Money, as a Satis-faiition for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of the Closes, Lands, and Grounds where and from whence the lame shall be dug, got, gathered, or carried away, or upon, over, or through which the fame, or any other Materials for improving or repairing the said Roads, shall be carried or drawn, and in carrying away the same as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Payments and Damages, any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the County wherein such Closes, Lands, and Grounds shall lie, shall and may, on Four Days

Notice

6;3

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Notice thereof being given in Writing by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or by them to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or to be left at their respective usual or lad known Places of Abode, hear, settle, and determine the Matter of such Payment and Damages, and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or cupier, ot Persons under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Materials for the Purposes of this Act, out of or from any taken there-inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the fl°m. Surveyor, shall have been given to the Land Owner, or his Agent, or to the Occupier of the Premises from whence such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at the House, or lad or usual Place of Abode of such Occupier, to appear before the said Trudees, or any Five or more of them, or any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the County wherein such Premises ilia.ll lie, to shew Cause why such Materials should not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Land Owner, Agent, or Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trudees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justice or Justices, shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Persons, to dig, gather, get, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees, or to such Justice or Justices,

shall seem proper; and if such Land Owner or Occupier shall (except for some reasonable Excuse) neglect or refuse to appear by himself or herself, or Agent, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justice or Justices, diall and may make such Order therein as they {halt think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent, had attended.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall take away Penalty on any Materials which have been dug, got, or gathered in any Lands, Ma'ttmiT.y Fields, Grounds, Wades, or Commons, Rivers or Brooks, for the Purposes of this Act, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit

or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting Materials for the making, repairing, and improving the said Roads, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Calendar Months, without having previously obtained the Consent in Writing of Five Trustees (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the For removing Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person as he or they shall appoint, from Anilo5anc,:8-Time to Time to remove all Annoyances made on any Part of the said

Roads, by Timber, Stones, Carriages, Saw' Pits, Hovels, Filth, Dung,

Allies, Rubbish, Straw, or otherwise, and dispose of the fame for the Benefit of the said Roads; and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains, running along, into, or out of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof; and to open, scour, cleanse, widen, and make deeper any [Loc. & Per.'] 8 H Water-

674- 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Watercourses or Ditches adjoining or near thereto, and make the fame aS deep and large as he or they shall think necessary; and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees, Branches, Shrubs, or Bullies growing in the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, and to take and carry away the fame respectively, and dispose thereof for the Benefit of the said Roads; and to cut and reduce all such Hedges to the Height of Four Feet, from the Bank whereon the lame shall grow or Hand, in case the Persons occasioning such Annoyances shall neglect to remove the fame, or the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands shall neglect to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or deepen such Watercouifes or Ditches, or to lop or top and remove such Boughs, Bullies, or Lops, or reduce such Hedges, in such Manner as the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or such Person as aforesaid shall require, for the Space of Fourteen Days, or to cut down such Trees within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after Notice in Writing given for those respective Purposes under the Hand of such Surveyor or Surveyors; the Charges whereof (to be settled by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them) shall be re-imbursed to such Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers j and in case of Refusal to pay the lame by such Owners or Occupiers, the same shall be recovered in such Manner as Penalties ard Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be recovered; and such Owners or Occupiers so neglecting to open, deepen, and cleanse such Watercou'.fes or Ditches, or to cut and reduce such Hedges within the Time aforesaid, after such Notice given, shall likewise forfeit, for every Foot in Length, any Sum not exceeding Two Pence nor less than One Penny, over and besides the Charges to be settled as aforesaid; and if after Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every such Person shall, for every such subsequent Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings.

in^Timbtr*"

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons except on ’’ shall draw or cause to be drawn upon any Part of the said Roads any Wheel Car. Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel

n..ges. Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or

Stone which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage, to drag or trail upon any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings.

notlo'beVaid

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Dung, Afnes, Compoff, on the sides Manure, or other Thing, shall be unloaded or laid down from any of the Roads. Carriage within Forty Yards of any of the Turnpike Gates or Bars erected by virtue of this Act, or upon the Sides of the said Roads within Twenty Feet of the Centre of such Roads, upon Pain that the Owner or Owners of every Carriage so employed, or the Driver or Drivers thereof, shall forfeit, for each and every Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

To make

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

civ!1 andybuild Surveyor or Surveyors, or such Person or Persons act he or they shall or repair appoint or employ (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose

67 5

4? GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Purpose from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them) to make or cause to be made causeways, and also covered or open Drains and Ditches, in and upon or on the Sides of the said Roads, and also through any Grounds or Fields lying contiguous thereto, and to scour such Ditches and Drains, so as effectually to carry off the Water from any Part of the said Reads; and also to make or cause to be made a Road through the Grounds or Fields adjoining or lying near to any hollow Way, narrow or ruinous Part of the said Roads (such Ground respectively not being the Ground whereon any House or other Building (lands, or a Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees) to be made use of as a publick Highway whilst the old Road is forming, making, repairing, or widening, and until such Time as it shall be convenient for Passengers and Carriages to pass along the fame, making such Recompence to the Owners and Occupiers of the private Grounds respectively, for the Damages they shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but no Satisfaction shall be made for doing or performing any of the Works aforesaid upon or through any Common or Wade Ground; and also by Order of any Five or more of the said Trustees, to build and erect any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and across any River, S:ream, Brook, Water, Ditch, or Drain therein or contiguous thereto; Notice of such Intention to build, erect, or repair any Bridge being first given by affixing the fame on all the Turnpikes that shall be then erected upon the said Roads by virtue of this Act. at lead Fourteen Days before any Meeting of the said Trustees at which such Order to build, erect, or repair any Bridge shall be made.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall interrupt or hinder, or cause to be interrupted or hindered, any Turnpike Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons by him or by the said Trustees, or any Fiv _ or more of them, employed in the cutting, digging, gathering, or carrying away any Sand, Gravel, Chalk, Flints, Stones, or other Materials, or in making, amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, or repairing the said Roads, or in topping, lopping, cutting, or carrying awa; any Tree, Top, Lop, or Overhangings, or in digging, cleansing, or scouring any new or other Ditch, Drain, or Water-course as aforesaid, or in doing any other Act in or for the Execution of this Act, by virtue of the Powers by this Act given, or any of them, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time as they shall think proper, to widen or divert, turn, shorten, vary, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads; and that any Variation of Road may be made through any Common or Waste Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private Grounds or other Hereditaments, making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may thereby sustain , and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to treat,

contract.

For punishing J ersons that obstruct Sur- c) or» in their Duty.

Trustees may

contract for Pur^hase of Lands to be taken into Roads.

676

Incapacitated Eerson> may treat.

Where Per. ions neglect or refule to treat.

Damage and Recompence to be settled by a Jury.

Witnesses to be examined on Oath,

Verdict of Enquiry is to be final.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 4$:

contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any' Lands or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by widening, diverting, turning, shortening, varying, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such Lands or Hereditaments; and that it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical,' or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, and Committees, Executors or Administrators, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Infant Wards, Cestuique Trusts, Lunaticks, or Persons of unfound Memory and Understanding, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised or possessed of, or interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to fell or convey unto them, or any Five or more of them, all or any of such Lands or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for any of the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical, or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, Committees, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they, or any of them, shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and if any such Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical, or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or ether Person or Persons as aforesaid, interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses, or other Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical, or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Hereditaments through which any Part of the said Roads is to be made, widened, diverted, turned, or altered, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Notice given or left, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by Reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause such Damage and Recompence to be enquired into and ascertained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County wherein the Premises fie; and in order thereto the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time as Occasion shall be, to summon and call before such Jury, and examine on Oath, any Person or Persons whomsoever (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer), and such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of and assessed such Damage and Recompence, they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners and other Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of such Jury j which said Judgement

6 77

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

ment or Inquisition, Order or Determination thereupon, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present. Infants,

Femes Covert, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical, or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever; and for summoning and For tmpan-returning such Jury, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are nelllBii aJul7-hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County where such Lands or Hereditaments shall lie, requiring him to impannel, summon, and return Twenty-four Persons, qualified to serve on Juries, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so summoned, impannelled, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby empowered and required to draw by Ballot, and to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Men, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen so returned, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, or any Five or more of the said Trustees, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to make up the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have Jurors may be their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come clialienEei1, to be sworn; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, acting in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies,

Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and who shall not appear (except forfome reasonable Excuse), or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give a Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence, so as no such Fine be more than Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings on any One Person for One Offence.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give HowExpence* in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as a Recom- af«i"be’pS pence for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Loss or Damage to be by him, ller, or them sustained, than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the Jury (as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid), that then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and W itnesses as aforesaid shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees, out of any Money to arise by virtue of this Act; but it such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more, or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by \Loc. Per.] 8 I the

678

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Coils and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the respective County, not interested in the Matter in Question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame), shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so afLfTed and adjudged; or otherwise, such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money, or Recompence to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Tolls or other Money atifing by virtue of this Act, according to the Directions herein-after contained, either into the Bank of England, or, as the Case may be, to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, and upon Payment thereof, or (in case of Refusal to accept the fame, or the Parties not being to be met with) upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer or Tra-furers of the said Roads for the Use of such Parties or Persons, and after Fourteen Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or Persons, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or left at his, her, or their usual or last known Place or Places of Abode, or with the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Hereditaments, such Lands or Hereditaments shall be laid into and made Part of the Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct, and shall be sufficiently ditched, fenced, and set out for that Purpose, and shall, to all Intents and Purposes, from thenceforth for ever become and be deemed and considered a common Highway, and as Part of the Roads by this Act directed to be amended and kept in Repair, and from thenceforth all Parties and Persons whomsoever shall be diverted of all Right and Title to such Lands and Hereditaments, but no Part of the said Roads shall be made of any greater nuybe fif Width than Forty Feet; and after such new Road shall be completed, the Land comprized in, or constituting the old or former Road, shall be verted in the said Trustees, and shall or may be flopped up or left unrepaired, unless the fame may be wanted for any publick Use, or for the particular Convenience of the Occupancy of any Lands or Hereditaments to which the fame may lead, or shall be by them the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, fold for the bed Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and the Conveyance to be made of such Lands, being executed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, and enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein such Lands

shall

Upon the' Payment of the Purchase Money, the Lands to he laid into the Roadt,

42° GEORGII III. Cup. 45* 679

/hall lie, {Hall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purports what (clever: Provided always, that this Act shall not extend or give Power to the Trustees acting in the Execution thereof, to the taking down of any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in any Land that is a Garden adjoining to any Dwelling House, or airy Orchard, Yard, Park,

Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any Part thereof.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application of or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, c\ or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, "l)g'to*ioo" which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in this Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex {'arte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments,

{landing lettled therewith to the fame or thelikeUfes, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses,

Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchifed, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thrreto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of I hree Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced B.mk Annuities; and in ttie mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or rer-fons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditament-, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Ap-.lication so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, pur- wit r«- ' he chafed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation or to any Person or Persons under Disab lity or Incapacity as Toot ar^ex-aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (half ex- c«dsj®/-ceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall,

- at

68o

Application wheic the Money is le^s than »o/.

Trlifters may enter Lands to make the Roads.

Trustees to fence off new

Roads

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments fopurchased, taken, of nfed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Seven or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, lb far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame 11 all be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any of them, and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon the Lands and Grounds through which nr whereupon any Road shall be thought proper to be made, widened, altered, or turned, and to Rake out, alter, and turn the fame, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think necessary or proper, without being liable or subject to be deemed a Trespasser or TrespasserS, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds respectively, for any of the Purposes of this Act; making Satisfaction to the Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds, for the Damage that shall be done to the Land or Ground on the Side of any new Road, whillt the ,fatne shall be making, widening, turning, or altering, in case such Damage shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up, remove, or destroy any of the Stakes or other Marks used in laying out, making, altering, or turning any such Road, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in all Places where the Course of any Part of the present Roads shall be diverted from the old Line of Road, or a new Road shall be made (except any Open Common Field Land or Common, or Waste Ground), or where the old Road shall be widened, in all such Cases (except as aforesaid) the said Trustees, or any 8 Five

42° GEORGII lit. Caff. 45. 68t

Five or more of them, shall and are hereby required to canfe good and sufficient Mounds, Rails, and Fences to be made and provided, and Quick lets to be planted, or sufficient Stone Walls to be built in an husbandlike Manner, on both Sides of such new Road, where the fame is necessary, and shall support such Mounds, Walls, Rails and Fences for and during the Term of Seven Years from the first making thereof.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven Truste?# may or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to treat, contract, and agree with any Person or Persons, Roads, for the repairing, widening, altering, turning, or amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for all or any other of the Works to be done and performed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money, as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; and that all Contracts and Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting by such Truliees, or any Seven or more of them, shall be binding to the said Trustees and other Parties who shall sign the fame, his, her, or their Successors, Executors, and Administrators respectively, and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Cods recovered against the Party or Parties failing in the Execution of such Contracts or Agreements.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Owners, Occupiers, p^nt lii'ls Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees, of any Lands, Tene- to rcj’.Jjr ‘clle ments. Rents, and Annuities, or any Sum or Sums of Money which tm*cf0° c""' have been given for or are liable to the amending or maintaining of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or any Bridge or Bridges thereon, shall dill remain liable and chargeable to the Repair thereof, in such Manner as they were before the passing of this Act.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law persons are liable to do Statute Work, or chargeable towards repairing and amend- £hargeihte t£ ing the Roads hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any tocontiimefo. Part thereof, shall dill remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the just ces to Peace for the said Counties of Gleucester and Hereford, or either of them, determine in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby required and em- touchtog'Tta. powered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees yearly, to tuieWurk. adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work

shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and alto what Proportion of the Money, received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such ParHh or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices in their respective Jurisdictions, from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices respectively, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Namcsof the several Persons who within every such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of [Lot. Per.] 8 K any

68* 42<’ GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be so paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices respectively shall and may allot, appoint, and order, such and so many of the Persons, who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices respectively shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices respectively shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices respectively shall think proper, to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices respectively shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Trustees may

XLIX. And be it further enacted,- That it shall and may be lawful to

S°at'utc'v'o!kr anc^ ^or t^le said Trustees, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also 1 with

683

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the "Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads, which Com- Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees in Advance, on or before the First Day of February in each and every Year.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or Milestone* more of them, shall cause the said Roads to be measured, and Stones or and D rec-Posts to be placed in or near the fame, with Inscriptions thereon denot- tlon Pult,‘ ing the Number of Miles and Distance of Places, and also such and so many Direction Ports as they shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, damage, or pull up any of the Mile Stones or Pods erected upon or near any Part of the said Roads, or shall obliterate or deface any Letters, Figures, or Marks thereon, and be thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Offence draft be committed, by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One credible Witness, such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings for every such Offence, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case such Person or Persons so offending and convicted, shall not be able, or draft refuse to pay the fame, then it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Offence shall be committed, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Person or Persons to the common Gaol or House of Correction of such County or Place, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, and the Person or Persons shall not be discharged until he, she, or they shall have paid the said Penalty, or until the Expiration of the said Term.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the Person, or several Persons, xo compel who have subscribed any Money for or towards defraying the Expences Payment of of executing this Act, shall, and they are hereby required, to pay such Money within such Times, and to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall order and direct; and in Default of such Payment, inch Money shall be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, to be brought by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and For Recovery Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed, (the Manner of levy- of Forfeitures ing and recovering whereof is not herein otherwise directed), shall, upon :"ld Penaltl5S' Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the same shall be committed, or wherein the Offender shall be or reside, either by Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied by

Distress

684.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant, and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deduced, shall be returned, upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Money arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied for the Purposes of the said Roads; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction of the respective County or Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months nor less than Seven Days, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LIII. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be transient Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers under this Act, be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence as aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing; and such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, is and are hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the Conviction or Acquittal of such Offender or Offenders, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty or Special Sessions to be holden for the Division or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, and on such Conviction, or for Want of sufficient Security, ro commit the Person or Persons so offending to the common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, until he, she, or they shall pay the respective Penalty by him, her, or them incurred for such respective Offence or Offences, or shall give such Security as aforesaid.

tower to Collectors to detain Persons guilty of Offences.

L.IV. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Case shall happen; (videlicet),

Form of Conviction,

pE it remembered, That on the Day of

*"* in the Year of our Lord . A. B.

is convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of L[peeking the Offence, Time,

and

68$

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

and Place, when and where the fame was committed, as the Case shall bc~\.

Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above inen-

tioned.*

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Allowing shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance g^'v'd to'ap. of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been al- p-al. ready appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sedions of the Peace to be holden for the County wherein the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen. within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant fird giving, or causing to be given, Ten Days Notice at lead in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before foine Justice of the Peace for the said County, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and pay such Cods as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sedions; and the said Justices at such Quarter Sedions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Cods to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper, and the Determination of the Justices at such Quarter Sedions shall be final, binding, and ennelufive to all Intents and Purposes; and the said Justices may also at such Sedions, by their Older or Warrant, levy such Colts so awarded, by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse to pay the fame, and for Want of sufficient Didrefs, may commit such Person or Persons to the common Gaol or House of Correction of or for the respective County, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months or until Payment of such Cods.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or Proceedings concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceed- q^melTfor ing to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders want of against this Act, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed or Fj,ra-removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that where any Didrefs shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Mone'y to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Didrefs itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Tref-palfers, on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons,

Conviction, Warrant of Didrefs, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties didraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties didraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage, (if any), in an Action upon the Cafe; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made by or on Behalf of the Party didraining before such Action brought.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Limitation of commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pur- Actiom.

[Lee. & PerJ 8 L fuance

686

Tei m of the

Act.

[Publick Act.]

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

fuance of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk to the said Trustees, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every such Action shall be laid and tried in the County where the Fast shall be committed, and not el few here; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit, shall and may, at his and their Election, plead specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fami was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty one Days Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cafe by Law.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon and have Continuance from the passing thereof for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON:

Printers

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 180s.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

)!MM

Cap. 46.

An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the Will of the Honourable Richard Walpole to fell certain Parts of his Copyhold Estates, in the County of Norfolk, for the Payment of his Debts.

[4th May 1802.]

WHEREAS the Honourable Richard Walpole, late of Lombard

Street, in the City of London, Banker, deceased, by his last: dat"1

Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the Fifth Day reeled-' of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, after giving and devising his Estates in the Counties of Surrey and Middlesex, unto the Honourable Horatio Walpole, the Right Honourable Joshua Lord Hun-tingfield, and Samuel Long Esquire, and their Heirs, upon the Trusts in his said Will mentioned, gave and devised unto the said Horatio Walpole, joshua Lord Huntingfield, and Samuel Long, and to Beeston Long Esquire, and their Heirs, all and every other his Manors, Messuages, Farms,

Lands, Tenements, Rents, and other Hereditaments whatsoever of the Nature of Freehold or of Inheritance in Fee Simple, whereof he or any Person or Persons in Trull for him or to his Use, was or were seised,

[Let. y Ptr.~\ 8 L possessed

686

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

possessed of, or entitled unto, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto the said Horatio Walpole, joshua L.ord Hunting field, Samuel Long, and Beeston Long, and their Heirs, to and for the several Uses and Estates, and under and subject to the several Limitations, Directions, Powers, and Provisoes therein-after expressed and contained, of and concerning; the fame, and in Part herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), to the Use of Richard Walpole (the eldest Son of the Testator), and his Assigns during the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment of Waite; and after the Determination of that Ellate by Forfeiture or other- wife, in the Life-time of the said Richard Walpole the Son, to the Use of the said Horatio Walpole, Joshua Lord Huntin’’field, Samuel Long, and Beeston Long, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Richard Walpole the Son, upon Trust, to support the contingent Remainders therein-after limited from being defeated or destroyed; and after the Decease of the said Richard Walpole the Son, to the Use of the First and every other Son of the said Richard Walpole the Son, severally and successively, according to their TefpeClive Seniorities in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of Robert Walpole, (the said Testator’s Second Son), and his Assigns during his Life, with a limilar Limitation for preserving contingent Remainders; and after his Decease to the Use of his First and every other Son severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of Edward Walpole (the said Tellator’s Third Son), and his Assigns during his Life, with a similar Limitation for preserving contingent Remainders; and after his Decease, to his First and every other Son severally and successively, acccording to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of every subsequently born Son of him the said Testator, severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of all and every the Daughters and Daughter of the said Richard Walpole the Son, as Tenants in common in Tail with cross Remainders between or among them in Tail; and if all the said Daughters, lave One, should die without Issue, or there should be but One such Daughter, to the Use of that One or only Daughter in Tail; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of all and every the Daughters and Daughter of the said Robert Walpole as Tenants in common in Tail, with cross Remainders between or among them in Tail; and if all the said Daughters save one should die without Issue, or there should be but One such Daughter, to the Use of that One or only Daughter in Tail; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of all and every the Daughters and Daughter of the said Edward Walpole as Tenants in common in Tail with cross Remainders between or among them in Tail; and if all the said Daughters save One should die without Issue, or there should be but One such Daughter to the Use of that One or only Daughter in Tail; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of his the said Testator’s Daughters Mary Rachel, now the Wife of the Reverend AIjhton Vade Vicar of Hardigftone in the County of Northampton, and Caroline, now the Wife of the Honourable George Henry Ne--cill of Flower Place, near Godstone, in the County of Surrey, as Tenants in common in Tail, with cross Remainders between them in Tail, with several Remainders over: And as to all the Testator’s Estates whatsoever, and wheresoever of the Nature of Copyhold or Customary Tenure, he gave and devised the fame unto the said Richard Walpole the Son and his Heirs for ever, in Trust nevertheless for the Benefit of such Person and Persons,

and

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

and for such Intents and Purposes, as were therein-after expressed and contained, of and concerning the same, and in Part herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), he the said Testator declared his Mind and Will to be, and did direct that the said Richard Walpole the Son, and his Assigns,lhou!d hold and enjoy the said Copjhold and Customary Estates, and take and retain the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, during the Term of his natural Life only for his and their own TJfe; and from and after his Decease, the said Testator did will and direct that the said Copyhold and Customary Estates should be taken, held, and enjoyed, and the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, taken and received by such and the same Person and Persons, and in such and the like Order and Course, and for such and the fame or the like Estates and Interests, and subject to such and the like Limitations or Remainders over, Powers and Directions as were in his said Will limited, declared, or mentioned, of or concerning his said Freeehold Hereditaments therein-before given and devised to the said Horatio Watpole, Joshua Lord Hunting fie Id, Samuel Long, and Beeston Long as aforesaid (save the Limitations to the Trustees to preserve the contingent Remainders), or as near thereto as the Nature of the said Copyhold or Customary Estates would admit of, and as to the Residue'and Remainder of his Personal Estate, subject to the Payment of his Debts, and of such Legacies, if any, as he should give by any Codicil or Codicils to his said Will, he the said Testator gave the same to his Executors therein-after named, upon the Trusts therein mentioned, and nominated and appointed his Wife Margaret, and the said Horatio Walpole, Joshua Lord Huntingpeld, Samuel Long, and Beeston Long, Executors of his said Will: And whereas the said Richard Walpole the Testator made and duly published a Codicil to his said Will, bearing Date the Twenty-eighth Day of March, which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and after reciting (amongst other Things), that he had in and by his said Will given and devised unto the said Horatio IVa'pole, 'Joshua Lord Hnntingfield, Samuel Long, and Beeston Long, and their Heirs, all anti every other his Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and other Hereditaments whatsoever, of the Nature of Freehold or of Inheritance in Fee Simple, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto them and their Heirs, to and for the several Uses and Estates, and under and subject to the several Limitations, Directions, Powers, and Provisions therein-after limited, declared, expressed, and contained concerning the same; and also reciting, that since the making and publishing of his said Will he had purchased of Mailer Henry Tuthill a Farm and Lands in the Parish of Southwood, in the County of Norfolk, and that he had also purchased of Mailer George Tuthill another Farm and Lands in the same Parish and County; and also reciting, that he had in and by his said Will made his Personal Estate subject to and chargeable with the Payment of all his Debts, and that it was his Will that the fame should be charged with the Payment of his private Debts only, and that his Debts in Trade should be charged upon and payable out of his Freehold Estates as well those devised by his said Will to the said Trustees as lall above mentioned, as those by him since purchased, the said Testator did by the said Codicil subject and charge all his Freehold Estates by his said Will devised (other than and except such Parts thereof as were therein specifieally devised to his Three Trustees first therein before named, in Trust, to be sold as therein mentioned), and also the Freehold Part of the said Estates in the Parish of Southwood since the making of his said Will, by him purchased as afore-

Codicil.

688

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

said, to and with the Payment of his said Debts in Trade, antecedent fas to such of the fame Estates as were by the said Will devised), to the Uses and Trusts thereby declared thereof, and subject thereto, and to the Powers therein-after contained for the raising Money for the Payment thereof, to have Operation precedent to the Uses and Trusts by his said Will declared thereof, he the said Testator did by the said Codicil ratify and confirm the Devise in his said Will contained to the said Horatio Walpole, Joshua Lord Hunting field, Samuel Long, and Bee/ion Long, and their Heirs, of the said last mentioned Estates and Premises, to and for the several Uses and Ef-tates, and under and subject to the several Limitations, Directions, Powers, and Provisoes in and by the said Will limited, declared, expressed, and contained, of and concerning the same, and subject and chargeable as aforesaid, and to the Powers therein after contained for the raising Money for the Payment of his said Debts in Trade, he the said Testator gave and devised the said several Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments in the Parish of Southwood, with their Appurtenances, unto the said Horatio Walpole, 'joshua Lord Huntingfield, Samuel Long, and Beefton Long, and their Heirs, to hold the fame unto the said Horatio Walpole, Joshua Lord Huntingfield, Samuel Long, and Beefton Long, and their Heirs, to and for such several Uses and Estates, and under and subject to such and the like several Limitations, Directions, Powers, and Provisoes as were contained, expressed, and declared in and by his said Will, of and concerning his said Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments thereby given and devised to the said Horatio Walpole, Joshua Lord Huntingfield, Samuel Long, and Beefton Long, and their Heirs, as therein mentioned: Provided always, and his Will and Mind expressly was, that notwithstanding the Uses and Trusts therein before and in his said Will expressed and declared of and concerning his said Freehold Estates therein-before mentioned, and by the said Codicil charged and intended to be charged with the Payment of his Debts in Trade, that for the Purpose of raising Money for the Discharge of such Debts, it should and might be lawful to and for the said Horatio Walpole, joshua Lord Huntingfield, Samuel L.ong, and Beefton Long, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor by Demise or Mortgage, or Sale of all or a sufficient Part of such Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments as to them or him should seem meet, to levy and raise such Sum or Sums of Money as should be sufficient to pay and discharge such Debts, and the Expences incident to and attendant upon the raising the fame: And his Will and Mind was, that in order the better to enable the said Trustees or Trustee to raise such Monies as last mentioned, the Receipt or Receipts of the said Horatio Walpole, joshua Lord Huntingfield, Samuel Long, and Beefton Long, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or his Heirs or Assigns, should be a good and sufficient Discharge, and good and sufficient Discharges to the respective Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Estates and Premises, as the Case might be, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for his, her, or their Mortgage or Purchase Money, or for so much thereof as should be therein acknowledged or expressed to be received, and that he, flie, or they should not be an-fA'erable or accountable for the Application, Misapplication, or Non-application thereof: And whereas the said Richard Walpole the Testator, departed this Life in or about the Month of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, leaving Issue the said Richard Walpole the Son, and the said Robert Walpole, Edward Walpole, Mary Rachel Vade, and Caroline Nevill, and no other Child; and fhurtly after his De-

cease

689

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

cease his Executors proved his said Will and Codicil in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury: And whereas the said Richard Walpole the Son intermarried with Elizabeth his present Wife some Time in the Month of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and there is no Issue of the said Marriage: And whereas neither of them the said Robert Walpole and Edward Walpole hath yet married: And whereas the said Mary Rachel Vade, and Caroline Nevil are the first adult Tenants in Tail of the Estates devised by the said Will of the said Richard Walpole the Testator: And whereas the Estates which the said Testator was leifed of, or entitled to at the Time of making and publishing his said Will, besides his Estates in the Counties of Surrey and Middlesex, thereby specifically devised, are partly Freehold and partly Copyhold, and situate in the County of Norfolk, and the same are of considerable Value: And whereas the said Horatio Walpole, Joshua Lord Huntingfield, Samuel Long, and Beeston Long, find it necessary to raise Money for the Purpose of paying the said Testator’s Debts, and it is more advantageous to the Persons beneficially interestea in the said Estates in the said County of Norfolk, that the fame should be raised by Sale, than that it should be raised by Mortgage: And whereas Part of the Estates devised by the said Will of the said Richard Walpole the Testator, consists of a Farm situate at Wickhampton and Halvergate in the said County of Norfolk, containing by Survey One hundred and fifty-nine Acres Three Roods and Sixteen Perches, Part of which is Freehold, and the remaining Part, consisting of Forty-nine Acres or thereabouts, and certain Erections and Buildings occupied therewith, is Copyhold; and of a Farm situate at Wickhampton aforesaid, containing by Survey Thirty-two Acres Two Roods and Fourteen Perches, Part of which is Freehold, and the remaining Part, consisting of Three Roods or thereabouts, is Copyhold, and of certain Marshes in Halvergate aforesaid; the Particulars of which said Two Farms are mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed: And whereas both the said Farms, and the said Marshes, lie detached from the other Parts of the said Estates devised by the said Will of the said Richard Walpole the Testator, and the Copyhold Part of each of the said Farms is so intermixed with the Freehold Part thereof, as not to be distinguishable from the same: And whereas the Sale of any other Part or Parts of the said Estates than the Two Farms, and the Marshes herein-before mentioned will greatly derange and diminish the general Value of the devised Estates; and it will, therefore, be materially for the Advantage of all Persons beneficially interested under the said Will of the said Richard Walpole the Testator, that the said Two Farms, and the Marshes herein-before mentioned, shall be sold for raising Money for the Payment of the said Testator’s Debts in Trade; but by reason that the said Horatio Walpole, Joshua Lord Huntingfield, Samuel Long, and Beeston Long, are not empowered by the said Will or Codicil of the said Richard Walpole the Testator, to fell any Part of the said Copyhold Estates, a Sale of the Copyhold Part of the said Two Farms cannot be made without the Authority of Parliament; wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Horatio Walpole, Joshua Lord Huntingfield, Samuel Long, Beeston Long, Richard Walpole the Son, Robert Walpole, Edward Walpole, HJhton Vade and Mary Rachel his Wife, and the said George Henry Nevill and Caroline his Wife, do most humbly pray Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice \Loc. Per.] 8 M and

6go

lands to be iold.

Receipts to be given.

Money to be applied in the Manner directed by the Will.

General

Saving.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it may and shall be lawful to and for the said Horatio Walpole, Joshua Lord Huntingfield, Samuel Long, and Beeston Long, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Alligns of such Survivor, to sell and dispose of the Copyhold Part of the said Two Farms situate at Wickbampton and Hal-.vcrgate, and Wickbampton aforesaid, either altogether or in Parcels, and either by publick Auction or private Contract, for such Priceor Prices as to them or him shall feenr reasonable, and by any Indenture or Indentures to be by them or him scaled and delivered in the Presence of and attelfed by Two or more credible Witnesses, to appoint the said Copyhold Pieces or Parcels of Land, Erections, and Buildings, or any of them, to the Use of the Person or Persons purchasing the fame, and to his or their Heirs and Assigns respectively, or to Inch other Uses, or in such other Manner as he or they shall direct or appoint.

II. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it may and shall be lawful to and for the said Horatio Walpole, Jofioua Lord Hunting-field, Samuel Long, and Beeston Long, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, or the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, to sign and give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing for the Money for which the said Copyhold Pieces or Parcels of Land, Erections, and Buildings, or any of them, shall be fold, and that the Person or Persons paying and taking such Receipt or Receipts as aforesaid, for his or their Purchase Money, shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for the Misapplication, or be in anywise bound to fee to the Application of the Money therein mentioned and acknowledged to be received, and shall for ever thenceforth hold and enjoy the Pieces or Parcels of Land, Erections, and Buildings, purchased by him or them as aforesaid, and receive and take the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof for his and their proper Use and Benefit, freed, acquitted, exonerated, and discharged, of and from all and Angular the Uses, Trulls, Powers, Provisoes, Charges, and Declarations by the said Will and Codicil of the said Richard Walpole, the Testator, expressed and contained of and concerning the same.

III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Horatio Walpole, joshua Lord Huntingfield, Samuel Long, and Beeston Long, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall pay and apply the Money to arise from the Sale or Sales which they or he are hereby authorized to make of the said Copyhold Pieces or Parcels of Land, Erections, and Buildings, in the Manner in which by the said Will or Codicil of the said Richard Walpole, the Testator, they and he are directed to apply the Money to arise from the Sale or Sales they and he are and is thereby directed to make of the Freehold Hereditaments therein mentioned and directed to be sold or mortgaged for railing Money for the Payment of the said Debts in Trade of the said Richard Walpole the Testator.

IV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Persons or Person, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their respective Fleirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the said Richard Walpole the Son, Robert Walpole, and Edouard Walpole, and their respective

691

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

tive Issue Male and Female entitled or inheritable under the said Will and Codicil of the said Richard Walpole the Testator, and the said Ashtcn Vade and Mary Rachel his Wife, and the said George Henry Nevill and Caroline his Wife, and the Issue Male and Female of the said Mary Rachel Vade and Caroline Nevill, entitled or inheritable under the said Will or Codicil of the said Richard Walpole the Tellator, and all and every other Persons and Person claiming or to claim any Effate, Right, Title, Trull, or Interest, under the said Will and Codicil of the said Richard Walpole the Testator), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the said Copyhold Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, Erections and Buildings, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing this Act, or could or might have if this Act had not been made.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

The SCHEDULE to which the Act refers.

Particulars of the Farm situate at IVickhampton and Halvergate.

Farther New Close Dove House Close Hall Close Home Close

Pightle behind the House Car

Ringer’s Meadow Home Yards, (Ac. Church Pightle

Alh Yards Alder Car Marshes

Church Crofts Grimmer’s Yard Grove Piece Oiler Ground Meadow next Common Large Piece in Field Lately’s Pightle Jack’s Holm Marsh Jenkerson’s Rand

A. R. P.

6 2 5

9 1 30

6 3 10

4 2 36

0 3 2+

O I 2

0 I 6

2 2 3

O 3 3°

1 I 0

6 O 14

5i 3 2

8 O 24

2 I 24

6 2 4

0 3 l6

1 2 3°

O 3 I

2 2 3

*3 1 O

2 0 26

159 3 16

[Publick Act.]

Par-

6 9*

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Particulars of the Farm situate at IVickbampton.

Further Piece -

Grig’s Hurn -

Home Close -

House Yards, &c. -

Six Reed Rands -

A. R. P.

- ' 8 1 4

- 5 2 20

- 2 1 4

- 0 3 16

- *5 2 10

Total 32 2 14

The above Survey was taken by me, except Jack's Helm Marsh, Jen-kerson's Rand, and Six Read Rands, marked in the Draft X, Y, Z; but which I copied from other Drafts, which appear to be correct.

C. Brightley.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*l*g*9t *'

An Act for building and maintaining a House of Correction. in and for the City and County of Aberdeen, and for raising a Fund for defraying the Charges of apprehending, prosecuting, and fubhftingCriminals, Rogues, and Vagabonds, found within the said

WHEREAS there is no proper House of Correction in the City or County of Aberdeen, nor is there at present any Fund for building and maintaining such a House of Cor-redlion: And whereas the most convenient Situation for such a House of Correction would be in the Parish of Old Macbar within the Freedom and Liberties of the said City: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Provost of the City of Aberdeen, the Commission. Members in Parliament representing the City and County of Aberdeen, fol buliMing3 the Convener of the Trades of the City of Aberdeen, the Convener of the Correction County of Aberdun, and the Sheriff Depute of the said County, or 'ioufe'

Cap. 47.

City and Liberties thereof.

[Lee. Per.]

8 N

604.

E’ediveCom-missioners, how to be chosen.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

in his Absence the Sheriff Substitute, all for the Time being, together with Four Persons to be elected by the Magistrates and Town Council of the said City, and Four other Persons to be elected by the Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of Supply of the said County of Aberdeen, in the Manner and at the Times herein-after mentioned^ shall be and they are hereby appointed Commiifioiers for building and maintaining a House of Correction in and for the said City and County of Aberdeen, and for executing all the other Powers committed by this Act to the said Commissioners.

II. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners to be elected as aforesaid shall be cholen in the Manner and for the Time after mentioned, that is to say. Four Persons, Burgesses of Guild of the said City of Aberdeen, shall be chosen by the Magistrates and Town Council of the said City, and Four ether Persons shall be chosen by the Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of Supply of the County of Aberdeen, out of their own Number; and for the Purpose of making such Election the said Magistrates and Town Council shall meet in the Council Chamber of the said City on the First Monday of the Third Month after the passing of this Act at Twelve of the Ciock at Noon, and then and there elect the Four Commissioners to be nominated by them; and the Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of Supply of the said County, shall meet on the same Day and at the fame Hour, within the ordinary Court House of the said County, and then and there elect the Four Commissioners to be nominated by them; and the Eight Persons so defied shall be and continue Commissioners under this Act until the Day after the annual Michaelmas Meeting of the Freeholders of the said County which shall be held in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, when a new Election of Eight Commissioners shall take place by the fame Eledors and in the fame Way and at the fame Places as the Eight then to go out of Office were elected as aforesaid, and the new Commissioners shall continue in Office for Two Years, at the Expiration of which, and of every Second Year thereafter, a new Election shall take place and be n.ade by the fame Eledors respectively in the same Manner, de-claing that at every such Election not more than the Half of those who were Commissioners in the preceding Years, shall be capable of being re-elected'for the Two succeeding Years.

Vacancy of ill. And be it enacted, That in case of the Death, Resignation, or Nor-SH2X Acceptance of any. One or more of the Commissioners so elected, it shall plied. be lawful to and for the said Magistrates and Town Council, and to and for the said Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of Supply respectively, to meec and supply such Vacancy or Vacancies by electing Or.e or more Commissioners, in the Manner before directed, in the Place and Stead of the Person or Persons lo dying, resigning,- or not accepting; that is to say, if the Vacancy shall happen amongst the Four Commissioners named, by the Magistrates and Town Council, the same shall be supplied by them, and if ic shall happen amongst the Four Commissioners named by the Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of Supply, the same shall be supplied by them.

PlrR Mtiting

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners nominated by this mi'noaeoT" Ad, or ele&ed as aforesaid, or any Seven or more of them, who are hereby

4i° GEORGII III. Cap. 47. 695

hereby declared in all Cafes to be a G^torum, shall meet annually within the Common Court House of the County of Aberdeen upon the Third Monday of October, at Twelve of the Clock at Noon, the First Meeting being on the Third Monday of October after electing the Commissioners as aforesaid, at which respective Meetings the said Commissioners or Quorum of them assembled, shall cleft a Praefes out of their Number, who shall have his own deliberative Vote, and also the calling or deciding Vote in case of an Equality; and then they shall have full Power, and they are hereby authorized and required to elect Five out of the whole Number of Commissioners to be a Commitree for the Year ensuing; and the said Committee along with the Sheriff Depute, or in his Ab- Committee* fence the Sheriff Substitute of the County, and Provost of Aberdeen for the Time being, shall have Power to act in the fame Way, with the like Powers as the whole Commissioners are authorized to do by this Act; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered at their First Meeting to elect a Clerk, Treasurer, and other Officers, with competent Salaues for their Trouble; and when an extraordinary Meeting of the Commissioners shall be deemed necessary, the same shall and may be called by an Advertisement to be published in the Aberdeen Newspapers at lead Ten Days before the Day of Meeting, specifying therein the Place, Time, and of such Meeting, and that it shall be lawful for any One of the Commissioners to call such Meeting whenever he may think it expedient.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That Two out of the Five Mmnerof composing the annual Committee, shall be chosen from amongst the commfttee* Commissioners named by the Magnates and Town Council, and Two shall be chosen from amongst the Commissioners named by the Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of Supply of the County; and the remaining One of the Committee shall be chosen for the First Year by the Four elected Commissioners for the said County out of the Four Commissioners named by the Magistrates and Town Council; and for the Second Year such remaining Commissioner shall be chosen by the said Magistrates and Town Council out of the Four Commissioners named by the Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of Supply of the County; and so forth alternately, during the Continuance of this Act; and in case of the Death or Resignation of any One or more of the Members of the said annual Committee, such Vacancy or Vacancies shall be supplied by an Election at a General Meeting of the Whole of the Commissioners to be called in Manner herein-after directed.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Parish of St. Fergus, the Barony of Fetter Certain Pa-Angus in the Parish of Old Deer, the Barony of Gartly in the Parish of ^counted* Gartly, and the Lands of Stralocb in the Parish of New Macbar, which are within tha all locally situated in the County of Aberdeen, though rated in the Eels Books of tnc County of Banff, shall nevertheless, for the Purposes of this the Purpose of Act, be understood to be Parts of the County of Aberdeen, and liable th"Att-to a rateable Proportion of the Assessments hereby allowed to be imposed.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or the Quorum of Commission-them, or the Committee appointed as aforesaid, shall be and they are purchase hereby authorized and empowered to treat and agree with all Persons Ground not

intefed JgJSSr.

6g6

Commission-tr» to contract for building tht House of Correction.

Ma* trials for >>u ldingvcAcd in 'he Lo n-miiiioneit.

Separate Ap-ptrtuicMis to - be provided I'1 r a.'ale and

lV»n«fe r »i-etc

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

interested for the absolute Purchase of Ground situated within the Parish of Old Macbar and Freedom and Liberties of the City of Aberdeen or elsewhere near the said City, for the Purpose of erecting thereupon a H< ule of Correction for the Reception and Confinement of such Persons and Prisoners as by Law are liable to be committed to and confined in Houses of Correction, together with the different necessary and proper Buildings, Apartments, Yards, and Areas thereunto belonging, and the necessary Roads and Acceffes thereto.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, before beginning to build, or employing or contracting with any Person for that Purpose, procure a Plan of the proposed Building, and of all the accessary and necessary Erections and Accommodations to be made, and E ft imates of the whole Expence, and the Plan and Ultimate shall be approved of by the said Commissioners or Quorum, or a Majority of them or their Committee, ac a Meeting called for that Purpose, by Advtnisement in the Aberdeen Newspapers, inserted Ten Days at lratl before such Meeting is held , and thereafter the said Commissioners shall be at Liberty to contrail with and employ such skilful and intelligent Persons as they think proper for building and compleating the said House of Correction, and the necessary Erections and Accommodations connected therewith, and for supplying the fame with Water; but no such Contract or Agreement shall be made until Advertisements have been inserted Three Times in the Newspapers published at Aberdeen, and in One of the Newspapers published at Edinburgh, inviting Persons to give in Pto-pofals for the Execution of the said Work, agreeably to the Plan approved of in Manner before directed; and the Sum to be paid to futh Contractor or Contractors shall not exceed the Sums authorized by this Act to be borrowed for erecting the said House of Correction, with the other necessary Accommodations as aforesaid; and the Contractor or Contractors shall give ample and undoubted Security for the due and faichlul Execution of the Work contracted for, ag e ably to the said Plan, and to the Extent of the Sums specified in the Contract, under the Inspection and Superintendance of any Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Commissioners or their Committee, to which Superintendant or Superintendants, the said Commissioners, or their Committee, are hereby authorized to give suitable Allowances for their Trouble and Attendance, and to remove and change such Super-intendants, as often as they shall see ic necessary or expedient.

IX. And be it enacted, That all Materials for Building, of every Sort, for the Purpose of being made Use of for the said House of Correction, which are not the Property of their Agents or Contractors, shall be vested in the said Commissioners; and they, or their Committee, are hereby empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action before any Coure competent as accords, against any Person or Persons who shall ileal, or take away, or receive, if (lolen, any such Materials, or disturb the said Commissioners in the Possession thereof.

X. And be it enacted, That in building the said House of Correction, the said Commissioners and their Committee shall pay regard to the followins> Particulars; videlicet, that there be a sufficient Number of

' ' ' Cells

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 47. 697

Cells and Apartments constructed, so as to allow of a Separation by Day and Night of Male and Female Prisoners-, and also Apartments adapted to Solitude and separate Labour, and to a greater Degree of Rellraint for refractory Prisoners , also a plain decent Room, as a Chapel for Divine Service , proper Apartments for a Governor, Governtfs, and AfTift-ants; proper Yards or airing Place, separate and distinct from each other, for different Gaffes of Prisoners; and in order, as far as may be, to prevent the Introduction of infectious Dilorders, there shall be provided a Lazaret cr Ward, with separate Cells, for the immediate Reception of Prisoners on their Commitment, until they be examined by a Surgeon or Apothecary; and that in or near such Ward, proper Baths shall be provided for bathing Prisoners, and fit Places for cleaning and purifying their Cloaths, with proper Apartments as an Infirmary for Sick Prisoners.

XI. And be it enacted, That when the said House of Correction shall be finished, in Manner herein-before directed, and properly furnished Town and for the Reception of the different Gaffes of Prisoners, Notice thereof j^ac^Oerki under the Hands of Two of the Commissioners shall be given to the when the Town and Sheriff Clerks of Aberdeen, and the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, and Notice thereof shall be given by Advertisement in the Aberdeen and One of the Edinburgh Newspapers.

XII. And be it enacted, That, after such Notice, it shall be lawful for After such _ the Magistrates of Aberdeen, the Sheriff Depute and his Substitutes, and itra'i'* may2' Justices of the Peace, for the County of Aberdeen, and also the Justices commit, of the Peace of those Parts and Parishes of the County of Banff in this Act mentioned, or the Judges of any other competent Court, and they, or any One or more of them, are hereby authorized to grant Warrants for committing Persons from the said City or Counties only to the said House of Correction, specifying in such Warrants the Cause of Commitment, the Term for which the Confinement is to continue, and the Punishment, with the Degree of Labour and Restraint, which the Person or Persons committed shall be subjected to i and it shall be lawful to and in the Power of the said Commissioners, to receive such Persons into the said House of Correction, and detain them therein, for and during the Periods of Time for which they shall be respectively committed, and to cause the Sentences against them to be carried into due Execution, and the said Commissioners are hereby required to receive and detain them accordingly.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Magistrates of the MagUlratei of City of Aberdeen shall be entitled to commit to, and confine in the said of the County, House of Correction, One Half of the Number of Person< which the said to commit House can conveniently contain, and the Magistrates of the Cour.ty the

other Half, without Prejudice to the said Magistrates of the City and rection. County respectively committing Persons beyond the said Proportion in case the House is not full at the Time; buc when there are Offenders from the City and fsom the County committed and confined equal to the Number the said House can conveniently contain, the said Proportion of One Half for the City and One Half for the County shall be observed j and the Commissioners shall make such Rules and Regulations as may [Ler. & Per.] 8 0 appear

698

Labou-to be pioponioned to the A^e,

S*x, and Health of the Priioueis.

Commissioners allowed to make Bye-Laws and Orders for the Government of the Pi ilon-ers.

Governor and Governess to be appointed*

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

appear from Time to Time to be necessary for ascertaining and enforcing the due Observation of the said Proportions.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners and their Committee, shall pay particular Attention, that the Work and Employment of the Prisoners, shall be proportioned to and consistent with ibe Sex, Age, Health, and Ability of each Individual! and that the Wcr,k in which they shall be employed be as little as possible liable to be fpofl-ed by Ignorance, Obstinacy, or Neglect , and where it is necessary to give previous Instruction, that proper Persons be employed for that Purpose, to whom a suitable Gratification shall be given; and that the la:d Prisoners, during the Hours of Labour, in case the Nature of their several Employments will permit, shall be kept separate and apart from each other during the Day, and always so during the Night, and that Two or more of such Prisoners shall not be allowed to continue together at any Time, except during their Hours of Labour when necessary, and the Time of Divine Worship, and the Times respectively allotted fur their Meals and Airings, excepiing always Cafes of Necefiiiy, it being always understood that Male and Female Prisoners shall, at all Times and on all Occasions, be kept separate.

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the Commissioners and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, to make such Bye-Laws, Rules, and Orders, as shall appear to them to be ncteffan, as to the receiving, separat ng, classing, dieting, clothing, maintaining, employing, reforming, governing, managing, treating, chastising, and watching, of all Prisoners, during their respective Confinements in the said House of Correction: Provided always, that the said Bye-Laws and Orders shall not be repugnant to, or inconsistent with the Law of the Land and general Regulations herein before prescribed respecting the said Prisoners; and that such Bye-Laws and Orders shall be made by the said Commissioners, or Quorum of them, regularly called, or by the Committee; and printed Copies thereof shall be affixed on some conspicuous Parts of the said House of Correction, and renewed from Time to Time when necessary.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners and their Committee shall have Power, and they are hereby authorized, to appoint a Governor and Governess, with a proper Number of Servants and Assistants under them, Male and Female, a Surgeon and Chaplain, for the Life of the said House of Correction, and also a Clerk and Collector, and all other necessary Officers, with competent and suitable Salaries to each, and with Power to them to remove the said Governor, Governess, and other Persons so employed, upon being satisfied at any Time that ihey are unfit for the Trust reposed in them, and to alter such Salaries and Allowances, as Circumstances or Exigencies may render expedient; and they are hereby required to be particuLrly attentive, that the Salaries and Allowances to the Governor, Govemtfs, and other Servants under them, shall depend as much as possible upon, and be proportioned to the Quantity of Work done and performed by the Ptiloners, so as it may become the Interest as well as the Duty of such Governor, Governess, and other Servants, to take Care that all Persons under their Care and Custody be regularly and properly employed; and the said Commissioners and their

5 Committee

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 47. 699

Committee shall require the Governor, Governess, and other Persons so employed, to give Security for Performance of their respective Duties, in case it shall appear to them necessary or expedient; and such Governor, Governess, and others, in case of Negligence or Mifbt-havicur in their respective Offices, rmy either be proceeded against by the Comm'flioners or their Committee, on the Security given, or may be fined and amerciated in a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor under forty Shillings Sterling, for each Instance of Neglect or Misbehaviour, upon Complaint to the Judge Ordinary; the said Fines to be recovered lumma-rily by Diflrels and Sale, and to be applied for the Use of the Establishment.

XVII. And be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall disturb

or hinder the Execution of this Act, or shall refeue, or attempt to ;rg Prisonti*

relcue, any Person apprehended and in Custody, in the Course of being inCuftod/,©v.

conveyed to the said House of Correction, or shall be aiding and

assisting in such Attempt or Refeue; or if any Officer, Constable, or

others, having in Charge any Person, in order to be conveyed to

the said House of Correction, shall either permit the said Person to make his Elcape, or connive at the fame, or if any Person whatever,

after a Prisonrr has been committed to the said House of Correction,

shall supply Arms, Tools, or Instruments, or otherwise be in any

Manner aiding or assisting to any such Prisoner in making his Elcape,

or in any Attempt to make the fame, or shall attempt to refeue any such Prisoner when confined, or be any how aiding and assisting in

such an Attempt; every Person so pernvtting, conniving, attempting,

aiding, or any how assisting, shall be liable to be prosecuted by the said Commissioners, their Commitee, or any Person appointed by them, or by the Procurator Filcal of the City or Shire of Aberdeen,

before any competent Court, and, if convicted, to be punished as the

Law directs in similar Cafes.

XVIII. AnJ beittnafted. That the Jufiicesof the Peace in and for the Justicestoin-said City and County of Aberdeen, shall be empowered, and they are ^recuon hereby required, each Year at their respective Quarter St Hums, to ap- House, ev. point Two or more Justices of the said City and County, personally to

vific and inspect the said House of Correction, at lead Once in each Quarter of a Year, or oftentr if Occasion shall require; to examine into the State of the Buildings, the Behaviour and Conduct of the respective Officers and Servants, and the Treatment and Condition of the Prisoners, the Amount of their Earnings, and the Expences attending the said House of Correction; and the said visiting Justices, at every Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Aberdeen, shall make a Report in Writing of the State and Condition of the said House of Correction, and of all Abuses or Omissions which may occur to their Observation therein; and the Pracfes or Chairman of the said Quarter Sessions is hereby required to call upon the said Visitors for such Quarterly Reports; and it shall be lawful for every Justice of the Peace, and for the Sheriff Depute and Substitute of the said Chy and County of Aberdeen, of his own Accord, and without being appointed a Visitor, to enter into the said House of Correction, and to examine the fame at any Time during the Day, and as often as he shall think fit; and if he shall discover any Abides therein, he is hereby required to

report

700

Governor and Govemefs not to derive Benefit from the Sale of Wine, (E?c. in the House of Correction.

Account? tp he kept of Prisoners Work.

Punching Persons embezzling the Furniture, Clothes, etc. of the Prison

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

report the fame in Writing, at the next General Quarter Sessions of tire Peace for the said City and County of Aberdeen; and when a Report of any Abuses shall be made to the Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, either by the Justices appointed, or by voluntary Visitors, if the Sessions shall find the Complaints there made well founded, the Praefes or Chairman of the Sessions to which such Report shall be made, is hereby required immediately to intimate the fame, together with the Determination of the Sessions thereon, to the Commissioners or their Committee, for the said House of Correction, who are hereby required, without Lois of Time to take the Subject of the said Report undtr their Consideration, and to adopt the most effectual Measures for remedying alt such Abuses.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That neither the Governor or Gd-verntfs of the said House ot Correction, nor any Persons under them or employed by them, or by the said Commissioners or their Committee, shall have any Benefit or Advantage, directly or indirectly, from the Sale of any Wine, Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, that shall be tiled in such House of Correction, nor from any other Article whatever that shall be brought within the same, either for the Employment or Consumption of the Prisoners therein confined, without Prejudice to their Emoluments and Salaries being made proportioned to and dependant upon the Work performed in Minner as herein-before directed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That a regular Account shall be kept

of the Work performed by every Prisoner, and the Profits therefrom arising; which Profits, after deducting the Maintenance, Cloathing, and every other Expence attending such Prisoner, the annual Committee shall have full Power, from Time to Time, to order to be paid to his or her Wife or Husband, or for Behoof of his or her Family; and in every Cafe, where there shall be neither Wife nor Family to receive them, or in so far as they shall not have been paid to such Wife or

Family, the said Profits shall be divided into Three Parts; One of

which shall be given to the Prisoner upon his or her Dismission, either in Cash or useful Articles, as he or she inclines; another Thrd in Six Months after, upon his or her producing an authentic Certificate, under the Hand of One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, that he or (lie has been honestly and industriously employed since his or her Dismission; and the Payment of the last Third, at Twelve Months after his or her Dismission, upon producing a like Certificate: Provided always, that no such Money shall be paid to such Pef.n, unless the Commissioners or their Committee, shall after due Enquiry into the Conduct of such Person, be of Opinion that he or she, on

Account of good Behaviour, is entitled to the Whole of the said Pro-

fits of Labour; and if they shall be of Opinion that the Prisoner is only entitled, on Account of Behaviour, to a Portion of these Profits, then such Portion only shall be divided into three Parts, and be paid in Manner and upon the Conditions herein-before mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly buy, secrete, receive into Pawn, or pawn any of the Furniture, Utensils, Provisions, Clothing, or Materials of or belonging

to

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

to the said House of Correction, or to any of the Prisoners therein, or any Goods and Materials carried into the said House of Correction, or into any othir House or Place in order to be wrought up, manufacturrd, or used by the Prisoners; the Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted, by his, her, or their ConfefTions, or by the Oath of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Magistraers of Aberdeen, the Sheriff Depute of the County of Aberdeen or his Subllitu'e, or any Justice or Justices or the Peace for the said City or County, shall, for every such Offence, be liable to a Fine, rot exertding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings Sterling \ the same to be levied by Distress and Sale, by a Warrant under the Hands of the said Magistrates, Sheriffs, or Justices respectively, before whom they shall be convicted; and in case no Effects can be found to distrain, the Offender or Offenders shall be committed to hard Labour in the said House of Correction, for any Term, not less than Three Calendar Months, and not exceeding Six Calendar Months, for the First Offence; and for the Second, for any Term not less than Six Calendar Months, nor more than One Year, and for other repeated Offences by the fame Persons, in Proportion as above.

XXII. And be it enacted, That regular Books shall be kept of every Expence, Receipt, and Expenditure relative to the said House of Correction, which Books shall be regularly brought to a Balance, under the Direction and Inl'pedlion of the said Commissioners and their Committee, on the First Monday of September in each Year, and Copies of which they are hereby required to tranlinir, properly authenticated under the Hands of Two or more of them, to the Town and Sheriff Clerks of Aberdeen, and to the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Aberdeen, some Time in the Month of November, after the Accounts are so balanced; which Accounts the Town Clerk of the said City is hereby required forthwith to lay before the Town Council of Aberdeen, and the Clerk of the Peace and Supply of the said County, to lay before the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace, after they shall be transmitted, at which Quarrer Sessions the Justices shall take the fame into Consideration, and finally determine in whatever respects the Regulation, Management, and Economy of the said House of Correction.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Wine, or Liquors of any Sort, shall be (old within the said House of Correction, and that no Spiriruous Liquors shall be admitted there, or given to the Prisoners, unless by Orders of the Surgeon, by way of Medicine to the said Prisoners.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or their Committee, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorized to borrow and take up at Interest, on Security of the Rates and Assessments hereinafter allowed to be imposed, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge requisite for defraying the Expence of erecting the said House of Correction, and other necessary Accommodations connected therewith; getting Plans and Estimates, and purchasing the Ground on which the lame is to be built, with every other Expence attending the passing of this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution: Provided, that the whole Amount of the Money so allowed to be borrowed (half

Per.'] 8 P not

Rooks to be kept of Ex-ptnoes and Receipts,

Wine or Liquor not to be sold within the House of Correction.

Commissioners allowed to borrow Monty not exceeding 70001. Sterling.

702 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

not exceed the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds Sterling; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to assign and make over the Whole or any Part of the Rates and Aflrfiment* hereinafter directed to be imposed, to any Person or Persons from whom the Sums of Money as aforesaid shall be borrowed, in Security to them for Payment thereof, and Interest arising thereon, at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum-, and such Assignments, in Security for Money to be borrowed as aforesaid, shall be enter d in a Book to be kept by the said CommifTii-ners, or their Committee, whiih Book may be leen and penned by any Person or Persons anyways interested therein without Fee or Reward; and the Assignments in Security to be granted by the said Commissioners, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be transferrable by Indorsement, duly subscribed by the Party transferring, in the Presence of One or more subscribing Witness or W itnelles: Provided always, that the said Commissioners, or such Persons as they may appoint to receive the Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid, shall not be personally subject to pav the fame by reason of their signing such Bonds and Assignments as before directed.

AsseiTmenta to

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to the Magi-dcfrayin/ln- strates of the said City of Aberdeen, and the Commissioners of Supply tereit ut iior- of the said County respectively, and they are hereby authoriz d and andrheannual requ*rcd> at a General Meeting to be called by them on the First Expence of the Monday of June, immediately after the said House of Correction is Correction completely finished, and an Account of the whole Expence thereof made up and ascertained in Manner as herein-after directed, upon Twenty Days previous Notice in the Aberdeen Nrwfpaper, to cause to be levied and afiefled such an yearly Sum as the Commissioners by this Act appointed shall judge netefiary for paying the Interest of Money to be borrowed, and for the gradual Extinction of the original Debt hereby authorized to be contracted as aforesaid, and defraying the whole annual Expences of the said House of Correction as aforesaid, and to impose and levy, or cause to be levied, the like Assessment, or to encrease or diminish the same as Circumstances may require annually thereafter, not exceeding the Proportions and Rates hereby allowed, and that in Manner and by the Proportions following (to wit). One Half of the said annual Expence from the said County of Aberdeen, and those Pjrts of the said County of Banff in this Act mentioned, by an Assessment upon all Heritors of Lands and Fifiiings within the same, valued in the Cess Books of the said Counties, such Assessment not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling on each Hundred Pounds Scuts of valued Rent, and the other Half of the said Expence from the City of Aberdeen, by an Assessment to be imposed by the Magistrates thereof, not only upon the Proprietors and Occupiers of all Lands, Borough Roods, Fishings, and others, within the said City, Royalty, and Freedom thereof, and that proportionally according to the respective Rents at which the said Lands, Borough Roods, Fifiiings, and others, shall stand charged for the Time in the Tax Roll of the Borough, by which the King’s Subsidy payable therefrom is levied and collected, such Assessment not exceeding One Penny Sterling on each Pound Sterling of Rent; but also upon the whole Occupiers and Possessors, whether Heritors or Tenants, of all Houses, Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, and other Builuings, within the said City and Royalty, rented at cr above One Pound Five 4; - Shillings

7°3

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Shillings Sterling yearly, and now liable in Payment to the Rates and Affcffments imposed by an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better pavings lighting, deanfing, and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes, and other publitk Passages, of the City of a bruicen, and the Roads and Avenues within the Royalty thereof; and for hotter supplying the Inhabitants with ftejh Water; and for the removing and preventing all 0‘>/lrudtons and Annoyances within the said City and Royally; and the e omnmffioners appointed by the said Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or by any other future Act which may pass for regulating the Police of the said City, shall be obliged, and they are hereby required to give in and deliver to the Commissioners acting under this Act, in the Month of September yearly, a certified Copy of the Rent Roll annually made up by them, of all the Dwelling Houses, Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, and other Buildings, within the said City and Royalty, with the Names and Designations of the Occupiers and PoficfTors thereof, and which Rent Roil shall be, and is hereby declared to be the Rule for ascertaining, imposing, and collecting the Assessment as herein-after directed to be laid upon the Dwelling Iioules and others aforesaid within the said City and Royalty , and in order to make up the Proportion of the said annual Expence to be paiJ from the City of Aberdeen, the Magistrates thereof shall also have Power, and they are hereby specially authorized to impose and levy an Assessment for the Purposes of this Act, trom the Inhabitants of all other Houses within any other Royal Burgh, Town, or Village in the said County of Aberdeen, and those Parts of the County of Banff mentioned in this Act, rented at above Five Pounds Sterling, not having any profitable or cultivated Land (except a Garden) annexed thereto, and liable in Payment of the Duty upon Houses granted by an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and that proportionally, according to the respective Rents for which the Inhabitants of the said Houses are charged with the said Duty; and the Surveyors of the said Duties for the said Counties of Aberdeen and Banff are hereby directed and required to furnish the Commissioners by this Act appointed, or their Committee, in the Month of September yearly, with a certified Lilt of all the Houses within every Royal Burgh, Town, and Village in the said County of Aberdeen, liable to be addled by the said Magistrates of Aberdeen, and those Parts of Ranffshire in this Act mentioned (excepting always such Houses as are situated within the Royalty and Freedom of the City of Aberdeen, the Rents of which are to be ascertained in Manner as hrrein-before directed); and the Lifts to be furnished by the Surveyors of the said Duties as before directed shall be the Rule for afeer-t.iining, imposing, and collecting thJ Rates and Assessments as herein-after directed to be levied from every Royal Burgh, Town, and Village within the said County of Aberdeen and Part of Banffshire as aforesaid, excepting the City of Aberdeen as aforesaid: Provided always, that the Assessment as herein before allowed to be imposed by the said Magistratesof Aberdeen upon all the Houses within the said City and Royalty, and others within the said County of Aberdeen and Part of Banffshire as aforesaid particularly above mentioned, shall not exceed Four-pence Sterling on each Pound Sterling of yeariv Rent, to be ascertained in Manner as before directed: And provided also, that no Paitof the Assessment or Funds to be raised under this Act shall be applicable to any Expence incurred in apprehending or transmicting any P,rfon to be confined in the said House of Correction.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

704

'becoUea

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid yearly Assessments, «a by the " appointed to be raifrd in Manner as herein-before directed, from the said Collectors of City of Aberdeen, and the other Royal Burghs, Towns, and Villages, Lind°r*x*n<1 within the Counties of Aberdeen and Banff, (Rail be levied and collected by the Collector of the Land Tax for the said City of Aberdeen, and the A fie Ament from the said County of Aberdeen ana Part of Banff, by the Collector of the Land Tax of the said County of Aberdeen, and that from all Persons, whose Lands stand valued in the Ccfs Books of the said Counties, by the like Process, and with the fame Powers and Penalties, as the said Collector is or was by Law entitled to collect and Jevy the Town and County Land Tax; and which Monies so to be levied, the aforesaid Collectors are hereby directed and require,) to pay over annually to the aforesaid Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they may appoint to receive the same.

ft "ex'? FuJh1

XXVII. Provided always, That in the Event of the Money to be afiefled ingthcMomy an^ levied in 3ny One Year, being more than sufficicnr to pay the In-karrowed,ttc. terest of such Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed by the said Commissioners, to the Extent as herein-before allowed, and defraying the necessary annual Expence of the said House o; Corrects n, the Residue or Balance remaining in the Hands of the Collector, to be appointed by the said Commissioners, including any Arrtar due to him, or in the Hands of any other Person or Persons to whom it may happen to be paid by Order of the said Commissio ers, shall be fci led and laid our, on proper Security, as a sinking fund for extinguishing and paying off the original Debt to be contru&ed by the said Comnni-f.oners as aforesaid; and after the said Debt is extinguisher), in calc the yearly AlTefiment shall fiill exceed the annual T X) ence of tht laid House of Correction, then and in that Cafe, the Residue or Balance remaining in the Hands of the Commissioners, or their Collectors as aforesaid, shall be applied towards the aforesaid Expence, for the Year then next entiling; in which Year it shall be in the Power of ihc said Commissioners to diminish the former Rate of Assessment in such Proportion as they may judge necessary, or to continue the Assessment, and from the Proceeds thereof to extend the Establishment, and enlarge the Building for the Reception of a greater Number of Prisoners; and in no Cafe shall any Part of the Money to be afiefled and collected be applied to any other Use or Purpose whatever, than what is hereby dirtied and allowed.

Proprietor.'*

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Heritors or Proprietors who tief and KeR* ^avc Pa'^ A^"ment to imposed in Manner as herein- before payment of* directed, shall be entitled to Relief and Repayment from the actual Te-fromtheirTV nants an<^ P°flefiors of Three Fourth Parts of such AfliUment, each Pofief-n»°nu. 'r for paying a Sum corresponding to the real Rent of his Possession; or in calc the Lands so occupied by. different Persons, be valued in cumulo, a Sum bearing the fame Proportion to the Aflefiineiit payable for the whole Lands, as the real Rent or Value of each Possession bears to the real Rent or Value of the whole, a just Share of the said Three Fourths being always laid upon Lands in the natural Possession of the Proprietors; and the like Action and Execution shall be competent to such Heritors or Proprietors, for the Relief and Repayment of the said Assessment, as by Law is competent to them, for the Payment and Recovery of their Rents

and

7°5

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

and such Relief shall also be competent in all Cafes where an Occupier or Tenant is, by Lease or Agreement, exempted from the Payment of all publick Burden1;, unless the Assessments imposed by this Act be cx-preisly included in such Exemption.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or their Commirtlon-

Committee may lue or be sued for any Thing done or ordered by them, 'J^e^ued in the Name of the Clerk who shall be appointed by them. ,n N.meof

thrir Clerk,

XXX. And be it further enacted, That when the said House of Cor- Account of^ rection shall be finished, fitted up, and furnished, with all necef- p‘," oVti.e" fary Accommodations as before described, an accmate Account of the Bridewell to whole Expence laid out, shall be made up and attested by Six of the Commissioners or their Committee, which Account, with the Books, Pa- hythcCom-pers, Receipts, and other Writings and Vouchers, Plans, Drawings, and n*l,lonets-Drfigns, relative to the Execution of the Building, shall be deposited

with the Town Clerk of Aberdeen, for which a Receipt shall be given by him to the said Commissioners or their Committee; and a Copy of which Account, after its being authenticated, and previous to its being transmitted to the Town Clerk as before mentioned, shall be sent to the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Aberdeen.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That no legal Residence shall be under- Confinement flood to be acquired by Persons confined in the said House of Cor- j£tv*e rection for the Space of Three Years, or any shorter or longer ^nt.

Period; and that they shall not by virtue thereof have any Claim to the

Poor’s Funds of the Parish where the said House of Correction is erected, or under that Pretence become a Burthen upon the same.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or their Com- Money to be mittee, shall lodge all and every Sum which they shall receive on Account JSJ?5twrof°the of the said House of Correction, in One or other of the Banks in Aberdeen, am,

Banks.

XXXIII. And whereas, through the Want of any Fund for defraying the AfiVfTment on Charges of apprehending and prosecuting Criminals, Rogues, and Vaga- p^JJy^.°Be bonds, found within the said City of Aberdeen and Liberties thereof, and Rogue Money for fulfilling them after being apprehended, it frequently happens that £uy'nlhe such Criminals and other Offenders escape the Punishments due to their Offences, to the great Prejudice and Interruption in the Execution of so important a Branch of the publick Police j for preventing cf which in Time

coming, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Magistrates of the said City of Aberdeen, and their Successors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered annually to tax and assess, or cause to be taxed and assessed, by such and so many Stent Mailers as they shall think proper to appoint, the Proprietors, tenants, and Occupiers of all Lands, Burgh Roods, Fishings, and other Heritages within the said City and Freedom, and Liberties thereof, in One Halfpenny Sterling, of the real Rent of all such Lands, Burgh Roods, and Filbirgs; and also the whole Occupiers and Possessors, whether Heritors or Tenants, of all House.';, Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, and other Buildings within the said City iifelf, and Royalty thereof, rented at or above One Pound Five Shillings Sterling yearly, in One Penny Sterling, on each Pound Sterling of the real Rent of all such Houses, Shops, and other Buildings, and that pro-[Lec.-£sf Per.'} 8 portionally

706

Limitation of Actions.

Expences of this Act to be

paid.

[Publick Act.]

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

portionally according to the several Rents at which the said Lands, Burgh Roods, and Fishings, shall Hand respectively charged for the Time in the Tax Roll of the said City, for their Proportion of the King’s Subfuiy, and also according as the said House', Shops, and other Buildings within the said City and Royalty, shall be rated and rha-ged by the Commissioners of Police for the Police Tax of the said Cuv, under the present or any future Act of Parliament to be obtained for the Regulation and Improvement of the said Police; and the Commissioner of Police of the said City, appointed by the present or any future Act of Parliament before mentioned, shall be obliged, and they are hereby required to give in and deliver to the said Magistrates of Aberdeen fur the Time, in the Month of September yearly, a certified Copy of the Police Rent Roll annually made up by them, of all the said Dwelling Houses, Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, and other Buildings, within the said City and R< yalty, with the Names and Designations of the Occupiers and PoffcfTors thereof, according to which Rent Roll the aforesaid Assessment of One Penny Sterling on each Pound Sterling of the Rent thereof, shall be ascertained and imposed as aforesaid; and which several Assessments shall be levied, collected, and accounted for along with the other Taxes, payable within the said City and Liberties, by such Person or Persons and in such Manner as the said Magistrates shall from Time to Time appoint.

XXXIV. Pi ovided always, That the said Assessments, after being so imposed and levied, shall be applied to the special Purpose of defraying the Charges of apprehending and prosecuting of Criminals, Rogues, and Vagabonds, who shall happen to be found within the said City and Liberties, and for subsisting them in Prison, after being so apprehended, and to and for no other Purpose whatsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions, to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or for any Offence committed agai, ft the Lme, shall br brought within Six Calendar Months after the Fast is committed and not afterwards.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the Expence of obtaining and passing this Act shall be paid out of the first Money to be raised and levied as aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a publick Act, and be taken Notice of as such in all Courts, and by all Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*4*

Cap. 48.

An Act for opening several new Streets in the Town of Kilmarnock and County of Ayr; for altering and widening some of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages within the said Town; for building Two new Bridges over the Water of Kilmarnock \ for removing the present Slaughter-houses in the said Town, and building new ones, and a Town-hall, and Guard house; for enlarging and repairing the Gaol or Tolbooth; for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Town; for paving the said Town and Places adjoining thereto, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said Town over certain adjacent Lands.

[7th May 1802.]

WHEREAS the Town of Kilmarnock is the larged Town in the County of Ayr, and is a great Thoroughfare to T ravellers of every

Description, yet the Approach and Access to the Town from almost every Quarter is extremely dangerous and inconvenient, and many of the Streets are very narrow and incommodious, and from, the Increase of Population the Demand for Houses and other Buildings render it expedient to open certain new Streets and PafiT.tges in the said Town: [Lee. & f><r.~| Si? And

7io

42° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 48.

And whereas the River or Water of Kilmarnock runs through Part of the said Town, and often rises to so great a Heighth as to flop all Communication between One Part of the Town and the other, which renders it expedient that Two new Bridges should be built over the said River, and Authority given for levying certain Rates of Pontage on all Persons passing over the said Bridges: And whereas the present Slaughrer-house belonging to the Town of Kilmarnock is erected in an improper Situation, being in the Centre of the Town, and often injurious to the Health of the Inhabitants and the Town-hall and Guard-ffoufe, as well as Gaol or Tolbooth belonging to the said Town, are extremely bad and inconvenient, and that it will be a great Advantage and Accommodation to the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood if a new Slaughter-house. Town-hall, and Guard-house were built, and the Gaol properly repaired: And whereas from the Increase of Inhabitants in the Town and Neighbourhood thereof, the Burying Ground is too small, and that it would be an Advantage to the Police if the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of Kilmarnock was to be extended over the Street called Netbertown Holm, or Glencairn Street, and to the Buildings which have been erected on the Lands of Grange, and to such of the intended new Streets as are beyond their present Jurisdiction; all which will be attended with great Utility and Advantage to the Publick in general, and to the Inhabitants and Proprietors of Houses and Ground in the said Town of Kilmarnock and Neighbourhood thereof in particular, but which cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Truflcti. Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Marquis of Tttchfield, James Walker Esquire, Writer to the Signet, the Two Magistrates of Kilmarnock and the Town Treasurer for the Time being, the Fadlor on the Estate of Kilmarnock for the Time being, Robert Mtrrice of Craig, Esquire, Mungo Fairlie of Holmes, Esquire, Colonel Stair Park Dalrymple of Lang/ands, James Fairlie Esquire, residing in Kilmarnock, John Parker of Barlcith, Esquire, Merchant there, William Parker of /.fslofs, Esquire, Merchant there, Robert Borland Esquire, residing the re, Alexander Fowlas of Skirnieland Esquire, Merchant there, and Thomas Greinjhields, Brewer there, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for executing this Act, (Five of whom are declared to be in all Cafes a Quorum'); and the J'aid Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered by themselves. Agents, Servants, Workmen, and others to be employed by them, but upon the Conditions after-mentioned, to open and form a new Street in the said Town of Kilmarnock, from the Corner of the Kiln possessed by Alexander Fowlds Merchant there, and running in a straight Line until it reaches the Water of Kilmarnock near to the West Corner of the Slaughter-house, and from thence along the new Bridge to be built over the said Water to the Cross or great Square between the Stair of the present Council House of Kilmarnock, and the West Corner of the House belonging to John Orf Baker; and also to open another new Street from the Crols of Kilmarnock, to run through the Houses belonging to John Fulton Merchant, and between the West Corner of the House pertaining to Hugh Baird Baker, and the East Comer of the House belonging to Mistress Agnes Galt, and from thence to run in a straight Line until it joins the Mason Lodge, or near 4 to

7ii

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

to it, and where it will fall into and join the intended other new Street from Gallow Know as after mentioned; and likewise to open another new Street, to run from the Kiln belonging to William Fulton along the Corner of John Bun tint’s Property in Crojt, i.i a straight Line to a certain Square, and from thence along the Foot of the Garden belonging to Alexander Roberlfon Cop(>erfmish, until it joins the new Line of Road through the Foot of Andrew Kelln’s Garden, and which the Trustees for the High Roads in the County of Ayr lately agreed to lay off -, and which new Street and Road shall be continued from the above mentioned Kiln belonging to William Fulton, in a Southerly Direction, across the Strand through the Houses of Alexander Bryfon, in a straight Line to the West Corner of the Houses belonging to Robert Jeffrey, and from thence in another straight Line across Townsend Street, until it joins at Right Angles another intended new Street from Irvine Toll Bar as after mentioned; and also to open another new Street from or near to the Corner of the old Houses which pertained to the deceased Charles Hamilton, to be carried over the Water of Kilmarnock by a Bridge to be built as after mentioned, and to run nearly in a straight Line along the South Side of the House commonly called Kilmarnock House, belonging to the Marquis and Mar-chionets of Titchfield and their Trustees, until it terminates nearly opposite to the Toll Bar on the Road leading to Irvine , all which new Streets above-mentioned are to be Fifty Feet broad or thereby, and also to open and form a cross Street or Lane not exceeding Thirty Feet in Breadth, from the Corner of the Garden belonging to John IVyllie, through the Houses belonging to Robert Tannock, and from thence crofting the said Square at Righc Angles until it join the present Road from Rackhead to the Road leading to Stewarton, and likewise to open a Lane about Thirty Feet in Breadth, to run from the North East End of Back Street in a straight Line until it joins the North Corner of the Meal Market, and from thence in a parallel Line with the Wall of the Meal Market, until it joins the High Street j and also to open a Street not exceeding Fifty Feet in Breadth from the West Corner of the House pertaining to the before mentioned Hugh Baird, through the Cross between the East End of the House belonging to John Goldie, and the West End of the House belonging to Peter Bishop, and leading towards the Low Green; as also to form another Street not exceeding Fifty Feet in Breadth, from the South West End of the intended new Bridge near Charles Hamilton's old Houses along the Watet Side leading to Barbadoes Green, and also from the North West End of the said Bridge to the Foot of Townsend Street and likewise to widen the Street leading from the Cross to the Low or Parish Church of Kilmarnock, and for that Purpose to pull down and remove the Houses belonging to the Heirs of James Breakenridge, and to William Gregory, and Adam Lymburner -, and also to widen some of the other Lanes or Passages within the said Town of Kilmarnock, where they arc very narrow and inconvenient; all which shall be done and executed in the several Lines of Direction above-mentioned, or as near thereto as can conveniently be done.

II. And be it further etiafled, That the said Trustees shall have full Trustees may Power and Authority, and they are hereby empowered and authorized to bu,1JBllds ' build Two new Bridges over the Water of Kilmarnock, the One at or near to the said Slaughter-house, and the other at or near to the old Houses, which formerly belonged to the deceased Charles Hamilton-, and also

712

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

also t<5 m.ike and form the Streets and Approaches to the said Bridges of such Breadth as the said Trustees may think necessary, the fame always never exceeding Fifty Feet in Breadth, and also to do all Matters and Things which may be necessary and convenient for erecting, supporting, and maintaining the said Bridges, and banking the said River so as to prevent Injury to the said Bridges, and the flooding or overflowing of the Grounds adjacent thereto, they the said Trustees always making Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of any Lands, Houses, Hereditaments, or Stone Quarries which may be used or prejudiced by building the said Bridges, or taking Stones for the fame, and making the said Roads, Streets, and Banks, for the Damages done thereby v such Damages to be ascertained in Manner after mentioned, with Power to the said Trustees to erefl a Turnpike or Toll Gate on each of the said Bridges, and to levy the following Pontages at the fame; (that is to say),

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Curricle, Hearse, Chair, or other such Carriage, drawn by Two Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, drawn by One Horse or Beastof Draught, the Sum of Two-pence Sterling:

For every Horse or Bead of Draught above Two, drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Curricle, Hearse, Chair, or other such Carriage, the Sum or One Penny Halfpenny Sterling

For every Horse or Beall of Draught above One, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, laden with Coal for Exportation, the Sum of One Penny Sterling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Als, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Sterling

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or lei’s Number

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling per Score, and lo in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of and as a Toll or Pontage Duty; and if any Person or Persons subjnfl to the Payment of any of the Tolls or Pontage Duties afore-1'aid shall refuse to pay the fame, it shall be lawful to the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls or Pontage Duties by himself or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he or they shall think necessary, to flop and prevent the Passage of the Person or Persons so refusing, or of the Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Cariiage, for or in respect of which such Tolls or Pontage Duties ought to be paid, until full Payment thereof, or to seize and distrain any Horse or other Cattle, together with any Har-nels, Bridle, Saddle, or other Accoutrements, or any Part thereof, upon or in respect whereof any such Toll or Duty is by this Act imposed, and to detain and keep such Horses, Cattle, or other Things, so l'eized and distrained, until such Tolls or Pontage Duties, with the seasonable Charge of such Distress, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall be paid, or it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so ieizing and diitraining at any Time after the Expiration of Four Days, after the Day of making such Seizure and Distress, at rus or their Election to fell

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 713

by publick Roup or Auction, all or any of the Horses, Cattle, or other Things l'o seized and distrained, returning the Overplus of the Money to arile by such Sale, and what shall remain unfold, (if any be), upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Toll or Pontage Duty, and all reasonable Charges occasioned by such Distress and bale shall be deducted.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons Toils to be having Occasion to pass through the said respective Toll Gate, and Onc«°a Dav return again before Twelve of the Clock at Night on the same Day,

with the lame Horses or Carriages, shall be liable or obliged to pay the said Tolls or Pontage Duties more than Once, and every Person paying the same shall receive a Ticket for the Day, which shall entitle him or her to pass the said respective 1 oil Gate for the Day on which it is given out.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby'expressly provided and declared, Exemptions That no Toll or Pontage Duty shall be demanded or taken at either of from r°11-the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates for Carriages going for or returning

with Stone, Brick, Lime, Sand, Timber, or other Materials, for repairing the said Bridge, or for making or amending any of the Highways within the Parish of Kilmarnock, or for building or repairing any Bridges upon the said Highways, nor for any Carriages going for or returning with any Dung, Lime, Mould, or Comport, to be laid upon Grounds, Arable,

Meadow, or Pasture, or with Hay or Corn in the Straw, to be laid up in the Houses, Barns, or Yards of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Kilmarnock, or returning back from conveying the lame; nor shall any Toll or Pontage Duty be demanded or taken by virtue hereof from any Person or Persons residing in the said Parish of Kilmarnock, who shall in Carriages, on Horse-back, or on Foot, pass through the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates to or from the Parish Church, or any Chapel, or other Place of religious Worrtiip, in the Town of Kilmarnock, on Sundays, or on any other Day when Divine Worship is directed by the Government or the established Church, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in the said Parish , or for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Cattle belonging to any Person redding in the said Parish of Kilmarnock, going to or returning from Parture, Watering Places, or Smithies within the said Parish, nor for any Person riding or driving such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Cattle, to or from such Parture, Watering Place, or Smithies; nor for any Carts, Waggons, Wains, or Horses carrying Corn to any Mill, or Flour or Meal from any Mdl, and belonging to the Inhabitants of the Parish of Kilmarnock, or bringing any Coal or Grain into the said Town for the Use of any of the Inhabitants thereof; nor for any Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters or Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Port Masters General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or ExprefTcs, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor shall any Toll or Duty be demanded or taken for Soldiers or their Horses parting, who are upon their March or upon Duty, or for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons attending them, or conveying Arms or Artillery, or for any Horses or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying any Elector to or from any Election of a Knight of a Shire to ierve in Parliament for the County of Ayr [Loc.&Per.'] "'8 S ' and

7*4

Trader i may lower the Tol.s.

To prevent

the evading the Toll*.

For shuttin® up Fordi.

Trustees may

compound with Traveller!.

Agreements and Com politicos to be tn« tered into Books.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

and if any Person shall take the Benefit of any of the said Exemptions, not being legally entitled to the fame, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay ar.y Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time as often as they shall think fit, to lessen, vary, or alter the several Tolls or Pohtages hereby granted or made payable, or any of them, and to-raise the fame again so as they do not exceed the Tolls or Pontages by this Act granted or made payable as aforesaid, and so as the Reduction be made with the Content of the several Persons who shall be entitled to Five Sixths of the Money then due on the Credit of the said Tolls; but no fitch Reduction or Alteration shall be made, unless Fourteen Days Notice in Writing be given for- that Purpose, by affixing the fame upon the Toll Houses or Turnpike Gates then erected in pursuance of this Act, and by inserting such Notice in One or more of the Glasgow Newspapers.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times unload, or cause to be unloaded, any Grain, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Thing whatsoever, or take off any Florfe or Beast of Draught from any Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other W'heel Carriage, within F"ive hundred Yards from either End of the said intended Bridges, and carry or cause to be carried such Grain, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Things so to be taken off and unloaden either over the said Bridges, or across the said River, either on Foot or on Horseback, or on any Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage, with an Intent to avoid any of the Tolls or Pontage Duties hereby granted or imposed, every Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling.

VII. And, for the better preventing the evading the Tolls and Pontage Duties granted by this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, after the said Bridge is completed, and the Passage by the lame opened, to destroy, supprefi, or (hut up any Ford or Fords across the said River between the Green Bridge and the lower End of Barbadoes Green \ and also to ftntt up the Passage alongst the Old and Ficfh Market Bridges, excepting for Foot Passengers only.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Trustees, to compound or agree, by the Year or otherwise, with any Person or Persons using the said Bridges, or travelling through the Toll Gates so to be erected, with any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Calash, Chair, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or with any Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Beast of Draught or Burden, or with Foot Paflen-gers, for any Sum or Sums of Money to be paid Quarterly or otherwise, from Time to Time, after such Agreement shall be made.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Agreements and Compo-fitions made by the said Trustees, with any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall be entered at length in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose

by

tn

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

by the Clerk or Treasurer appointed by the said Trustees; which Books shall and may be seen by any Person wiiarsoever, having Incereft, without Fee or Reward.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Composition Recovery of Money agreed to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be paid within Fifteen Composition Days next after the lame shall become payable according to such Compo* Mone)'’ fition or Agreement, that then it shall be lawful, for any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Ayr, by Warranc under their Hand, to empower the Person or Persons authorized by the said Trustees to receive such Composition Money, (Oath being first made that the fame has been demanded and remains unpaid, which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer), to levy such Composition Money, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person or Persons having so compounded, returning the Overplus (if any be), upon Demand, after Deduction of the Charges occasioned by such Distress and Sale.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees may said Trustees, on giving Fourteen Days previous Notice in One or more the Toll*, of the Glasgow Newspapers, to let the said Tolls or Pontage Duties from Time to Time, by Way of publick Roup or Auction, for the belt Rent or Price that can be got for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall give sufficient Security for the Payment thereof, to be approved of by the said Trustees, provided that the Lease of the said Tolls or Pontage Duties be not made for a longer Time than Three Years.

Xlh And be it further enacted, That the Tolls or Pontage Duties hereby Tolls to ce*fe granted, shall cease and determine, as soon as the Expences of carrying "hen^hePur-into Execution all the Purposes of this Act shall be completely satisfied a°« are com-and paid. pleted.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may from Time Appointment to Time choole and appoint One or more fit Person or Persons to be Clerk of °®rer*-or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Colledloror Collectors of the Toll or Pontage Duties aforesaid, and such other Officer or Officers as the said Trustees shall thihk necessary, and also One or triorc fit Person or Persons to be Overseer or Overseers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Bridges, to v rw the Condition thereof, and to fee that the necessary Repairs be executed, and that the Money by this Act raised be duly applied in Terms of the Or. ers of the said Trustees, and from Time to Time to remove such Cieik , Treasurers, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers, or any of them, as they shall see Occasion, and to appoint new Ones in case of Death or Removal; and such Person or Persons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the said Tplls or Pontage Duties, shall pay the fame after the Rates aforesaid, to such Collector or Collectors, or other Officers as Ih.ul from Time to Time be appointed for that Purpose, and the Person or Persons so appointed to collect and receive the said Tolls and Pontage Duties as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath if thereunto required before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County, on the First Fuday in every Month, or oftener if required, give in to the Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing under their

respectiv c

7i6

to

S*ve Security.

For prodding Material!.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

respective Hands with the Vouchers thereof, of all Monies which he, she, or they shall to loch Time have received, paid, and disbursed by virtue of this Act, or by Reason of their respective Offices; and in case any Money shall remain in his, her, or their Hands, the same shall be paid to the said Trustees, or to the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, and shall be laid out, disbursed, and applied according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and noc otherwise j and in calc the said Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls and Pontage Duties shall not give and make such an Account and Payment as aforesaid, that then any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Ayr shall and may make Inquiry of and concerning such Default in a summary Way, as well by Confession of the Parties themselves as by the Telbmony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Justices are hereby authorized and empowered to administer); and if any Person or Persons shall be thereof convicted by such Justices, they shall, upon Conviction, commit the Party or Parties to the Common Gaol of the said County, therein to remain until he, she, or they have made a perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he, she, or they have compounded and agreed with the said Trusteees, and have paid such Composition to the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being; which Composition the said Trustees, at a Meeting assembled, are hereby authorized and empowered to make, and the said Trustees shall and may, out of the Money anfing from the said Tolls or Pontage Duties, make such Allowance to the said Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks,or other Officers appointed as aforesaid, for and inConfider-ation of his or their Care and Pains respectively taken in the Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, and to such other Person or Persons as have been, or shall be, alfillingin and about the said Bridge to be made, builr, or repaired, or in making and preparing Surveys, Draughts, and Plans for the said Bridge, or otherways as to the said Trustees shall seem reasonable.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall take from such Person or Persons as shall be, from Time to Time, respectively nominated and appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Toll and Pontage Duties hereby granted and made payable, such sufficient Security for the faithful Discharge of his or their Office or Offices, as shall be approved of by the said Trustees.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or the Contraftor or Contractors employed to build or repair the said Bridge, and such other Person or Persons as they or either of them shall employ or appoint for that Purpose, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, from Tinre to Time, to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away Stones, Gravel, Sand, Earth, or other Materials, proper for building or repairing the said Bridge, or the making or repairing the Ways, Roads, or Pufiages, to, from, or over the fame, and for building the said Toll House in, upon, out of, or-from any Waste Grounds, Rivers, or Brooks in the said Parish of Kilmarnock, without paying or making any Satisfaction for die fame, they the said Surveyors or Contractors, or any Persons employed by them, filling up the Pits or Holes, and levelling the Ground from which such

ij Materials

7i7

42ft GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Materials shall be so taken, or railing or fencing the fame, so at such Pits or Holes be not dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also in, upon, or out of the Lands or Grounds in the said Parish of Kilmarnock, belonging to any Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate or Politick whomsoever (not being the Ground whereon any House or Buildings (land, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to any House, or any Piece or Parcel of inclosed Ground which before the Commencement of this Act has been planted, set apart, orufed as a Plantation or Nursery for Trees), such Surveyor or Surveyors,

Contraftor or Contractors, or any other Person or Persons employed by them, having an Order from the said Trustees for so doing, and filling up the Pits or Holes, and levelling the Ground from which such Materials shall be so taken, and paying to the respective Owners and Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds the Damages they shall respectively thereby sustain, and in case of any Difference concerning the Amount of such Damages, any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Ayr, shall and may, on Fourteen Days Notice thereof, to be given by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, Contraftor or Contractors, to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or by such Owner or Owners, or Occupiers, to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, Contraftor or Contractors respectively, or to be left at the respective Places of Abode, with some or One of their respective Families, hear, settle, and determine the Matters in Dispute, and ascertain whac Damages shall be paid, and the Order and Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties,

XVI. Provided nevertheless, Jand be it further enacted, That it shall not Notice to t* be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away Mate- Land». rials for building or repairing the said Bridges, to or from any inclosed

Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupiers of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before Two Justices of the Peace, acting for the said County of Ayr, to shew Cause why such Materials should not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupiers shall attend pursuant to such Notice, such Justices, shall, if they think fit, authorize such Surveyor or other Persons, to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall, without sufficient Excuse, neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended, leaving the Amount of the Recompence for the Damage done, to be afterwards settled in the Manner before mentioned.

XVII. And, for preventing wilful and malicious burning,or otherways da- PunishingPer-maging or destroying the said Bridges or Centres thereof, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilf ully and maliciously burn, Bridget, blow up, pull down, or otherwise destroy the said Bridges or Centres, or either of them, or any Part thereof, or attempc so to do, or shall wilfully and maliciously, and wichouc Authority from the said Trustees, remove, dtstroy, or take away any Materials or Works thereunto belonging, or anyways direct or procure the same to be done, whereby the said [Loc. & Per.] 3 T Bridges,

7x8

or the Toll Gate, or Toll House.

To prevent forcible Pal. fajje.

To prevent

disposing of Tickets.

Property of Bridges, &Y. to be vetted in Trustees.

For building Slaughter Houses, tic.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Bridges, Centres, or Works thereof may be damaged, or the Lives of Paftcngers or Workmen endangered, such Offender or Offenders, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ma-ficiously break down, or otherwise destroy the said Toll Gates so to be erected, or any Polls, Kails, Chains, Bars, or other Parts thereof, or adjoining thereto, or damage the said Toll Houses, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Ayr, shall not only be condemned to pay the whole Damages and Expences sustained by the said Trustees, but also be fined a Sum not less than Five Pounds Sterling, and not exceeding Ten Pounds S erling, and in Default of Payment, to be imprisoned fora Term not exceeding Three Months.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall assault any Col-ledtor of the said Tolls or Pontage Duties, or by Force pass through either of the said Toll Gates, without paying the Tolls cr Pontage Duties hereby granted; every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted upon Oath, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Trustees, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings Sterling, to be recovered by Distress and Sale as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons having paid the Tolls or Pontage Duties by this Act granted, and having a Note or Ticket signifying the Payment of such Tolls or Pontage Duties, shall give or dispose of such Notes or Tickets, or each or any of rhem, to any other Person or Persons in order to avoid the Payment of such Tolls or Pontage Duties, every such Person giving or disposing of such Note or Ticker, and the Person receiving the fame, being convicted by the Tefttmony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, shall respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor kfs than Twenty Shillings Sterling, to be levied, recovered, and disposed of a3 any other Penalty or Forfeiture is hereby directed to be levied, recovered, and disposed of.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Right and Property of the said Bridges so to be built or repaired, with the Toll Houses and Turnpike Gates to be built and erected, and the Materials thereof, are hereby vetted in the said Trustees; and they are hereby impowerea to bring, or cause to be brought, Actions in their own Names, or in the Name ot their Treasurers or Cl-rks, against any Person or Persons who shall damage the fame, or disturb them in the Possession thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall also be lawful to the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized to build or cause to be built a new Slaughter House, Town Hall, and Guard House in the said Town of Kilmarnock, wuh such Offices and Appurtenances as may appear to them to be necessary and proper, and to make such Repairs, upon and Additions to the Gaol or Tolbooth of the said Town, and the Burial

Ground

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 719

Ground belonging thereto, as may appear to them to be necessary and proper, the said Slaughter House, and Addition to the Bunal Ground, being always to l>. built and made upon Grounds in the Neighbourhood of Kilmarnock belonging to the Marquis and Marchionels ot Tiichfield and their Trustees.

XXIII. And, for enabling the said Trustees to effectuate the several Purposes Truittes may above mentioned, be it further enacted, That they shall have full Power p^chlucof* and Authority, and they are hereby empowered and authorized to treat Lands, and agree with the several Owners or Occupiers, Lile-renters, Leftees, and every other Person interested therein, for the Purchase of such Lands,

Houses, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, as may be occupitd by the Streets, Passages, or Lanes before described, or by the Bridges, Burial Ground, Town Hal), Guard House, Slaughter House, and other Buildings before mentioned, and Areas on eaih Side of the said Streets and Lanes, not exceeding in the Whole One hundred and seventy Feet in Breadth, whereof Fifty Feet, or thereabouts, is to be appropriated for the principal Sireets as before mentioned, and Sixty Feec on each Side thereof for building Areas; and in particulai to treat and agree with Robert Arbuckic Butcher, the Heirs of Charles Hamilton, Craig,

George Tannahile Weaver, William Alexander Musician, Hugh Shaw,

Robert M‘Kean Blacksmith, Bailhe John Parker Merchant, Hugh Darby, late Writer, and the l'rultees for his Creditors, John Kirkland Shoemaker,

Robert tVebfter Blacksmith, Thomas Sloan Shoemaker, Alexander Lament Farmer, William Lockhart Taylor, the Heirs ot John Ro/s, George Thornton, William Findlay Carrier, Widow Baird, Robert Allajfon of Cowdam, Joirn Bryan Innkeeper, John Morton Shoemaker, James Steven in Crookedholm, JVilHam Kennedy Merchant, in , Matthew

Willoch Grocer, William Osborne MefTeriger, Robert Fleeming Wrigiit,

Margaret Perry and Robert Stratbers, Matthew Gemmill Carrier,

James Muir, Baillie John Muir Merchant, Baillie Alexander Fawlds Merchant, Thomas Wilson Innkeeper, John i.ebb.e of Middlethird, Lhe Heirs of James Diik Butcher, Mary Rankin, Alexander Carfwe7 Stocking- Weaver,

Robert Borland Fiax-Dreifcr, John Begbie Innkeeper. Janie Dunop of Annanbill, Walter Barr in Midtown of Ricarton, John Stevenson Shoemaker, Mistress John Tb mfon Wife of Join Thomson Manufacturer, Andrew Millar Merchant, Alexander Airier Jon Merchant, Mistress Agnes Galt,

John Smish Men hanr, John Wilson llookfelier, John Fulton Merchant,

William Hay F.nkeeper, James Ogilvie, Bryce Blair Wheelwright, Robert Stevenson Glazier, Wiliam button Merchant, the Heirs of John Biown Ironer, the Heirs i t John Ilcwie Innkeeper, the Matter and orher Office Bearers of the Kilmarnock Kilwinning Lodge of Fiee-Masons, John Buntine, David Kennedy, Michael Baird Baker, Doctor William Muir,

Mistress A Jam, Mdtrets Hunter, Robert Tannock Shoemaker,

Paton, M. Hacket, Mary Murdoch, John Tod, Daria Mitchell Weaver, WiL Ham Reid Carrier, Alexander Rcbtrljon Copperffni'h, Andrew Morris Shoemaker, Miftes Morris residing in Glasgow, James Irvine Innkeeper,

‘Templeton Macbcwls, Michael ScoUr Bonnet-maker, R. Fulton,

Wylhe, Aih.rewKelly Gardener, Mistress Baird, William Stewart, William Finnic Merchant, Wights, John Dalziet, Georg Galt, Colonel D. Irymple of

Langlands, John Brown, Wiliam Hunter Farmer, John Tomlifon, James Dunn Innkeeper, John Pattinson at Crookeabolm, Alexander Brson, Adam Lymeburner Merchant in Canada, Lhomas Shaw Shoemaker in Riccarton,

- Alexander

720

Mifnotners not to affoid Objections-

Persons hav ing Ground on the Sides of the hi-

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Alexander Alexander Wright, the Reverend Robert Jaffray Minister* Fairservice, Robert Walker Shoemaker, J. Mcfman, William Steven in Foalfoot, Adam Wafan Shoemaker, John Wyllie Manufacturer, ‘Tannocb Shoemaker, Robert Ihomjon Manufacturer, Mistress Tomlmfon, James Maclaine junior. Manufacturer, Bellman of Fen-

tvick, the H.irs of David Wright, the Heirs of William and Hugh Tcmfon, John Andrew, the Heirs of Archibald Maclyhie, William Baird Weaver, Robert Maccrone Weaver, Mistress Smellie, the Heir* of Barbara MG hie, James Craig Weaver, William Gregory Merchant, John Samson Merchant, Hugh Baird Baker, William Muir Merchant, John Hamilton Weaver, James Hunter Baker, the Heirs of George Howie and Mi it refs Muir. Widow Mary Boyd, the Kirk Session of Kilmarnock, Helen Muir, Mistress Clark and Mistress Muir, John Smith in Grajfmilerfide, Mistrefe Mason, the Heirs of William Kerr, Peter Bishop Shoemaker, Mif-trefe Tough, James Hamilton, Janet Guthrie and John Simson, Mistress Chelland, Mistress Aird and the Trustees of the deceased John Aird, Andrew Wallace Shoemaker, James Hutchison Dyer, James Cuthbation Tanner, the Heirs of Malh r Paterjon of Kaimjhill, David Auld Mauchline, Baillie Andrew Brown in Paisley, William Strang Shoemaker, John Smith, David Petrie Weaver, James Palmers, John Meikle, James Allan, George Smith, the Heirs ot Currie, George Kilpatrick, John

Tay.or, Agness Harvie, James Haektt, John Paton, George Thomson, George Hutchison Innkeeper, Robert Creelman Glover, William and Thomas Waugh Hatteis, the Heirs of Robert Armour, Quarter-master John Lawrie, Hugh Wyllie, the Heiis of James Brackemidge, John Walker Shoemaker^ George Maftrtcn Tanner, John Rayburn Merchant, John Smith, James Findlay, John Tannabill, David Steele, Hugh Bicket, Robert Borland, late of the Island of Jamaica, Robert Wyllie, James Thom fort Tanner, the Heirs of William Robertson, the Heirs of James Hunter Weaver, Elizabeth Borland, and the Heirs of Alexander Towig Carrier, who are all the Heritors, Life-renters, Occupiers, and Tenants, so far as ac present are known, or can be discovered of the Lands, Houses, and other Hereditaments which are proposed to be used by the aforesaid Streets, Avenues, Lanes, and Passages, or Burial Ground, or by the Bridges, and other Buildings which are intended to be erected in Manner before mentioned, or by the Areas along the fame; and to agree with the Heirs and Disponees of all or any of the aforesaid Persons, and with any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate, who are or may be Proprietors, Life-renters, Occupiers, or Lessees of any of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or with the Owners, Life-renters, or Occupiers of any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which may be found necessary in the making the said intended new Streets, and Passages, and Buildings, and others before described; and the Areas on each Side thereof to be occupied for building Ground in the Lines or Directions before mentioned: Provided always, that although any of the Hericors, Occupiers, or Life-renters of any of the said Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, shall, through Miftnformation, have been wrong named or described, it shall not afford any Ground or Pretence for the said Heritors, or other interested, or any of them, for objeding to or interrupting the? Execution of the said Works under this prclent Ad.

XXIV. Provided affo, and be it further enacted, That in Cafe any Person, having Grounds on fcach Side of the said intended new Streets, (half, 5 withirt

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 721

within Six Months 1’rom the passing of this Act, intimate to the said Truf- tended Street* tees or their £>ttorumt that he or she incline to build Houses on such in*mution Ground, and to pay a rateable Proportion of making, forming, and thereof build keeping up the said Streets, corresponding to the Value of such Ground, conformity and give Security to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or their £>uo- to the Plan. rum for so doing, then they shall be at Liberty to build on the said Ground for their own Behoof, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; upon Condition always, that such Houses so to be erected, shall be built in the lame Line, of the lame Heighth, and in Conformity to the Plan which may be adopted by the said Trustees for the Houses to be erected by them in such Streets.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Power to m-for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees, Heirs of p^nf to fell Entail, Tutors, or Curators lor Infants, Minors, Ideors, Furious, or other and convey. Persons, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever,

who are or shall be seised, possefted of, or interested in any of the said Lands, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, to sell and convey to the said Trustees all or any such Lands, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, and all their Right to and Iniereft in the fame, for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, or other Conveyances so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, or Ul'age to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all Trustees, Heirs of Entail, Tutors or Curators, Corporations, Proprietors, Incumbrancers, and all other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case no Agree- if Owners re. ment shall be concluded between the said Trustees and the Heritors, fufetofeii,^ Life-renters, or LtlTees, or any of them, either by the Heritors and others tobeappoint-interested, refusing or neglecting to treat and agree, or to accept of the ed-

Value and Price offered to them by the said Trustees within Ten Days after being required under Form of Instrument so to do, or from the said Persons interested being under Incapacity, or unknown, then it shall be competent to the Sheriff Depute of the County of dyr for the Time being, or his Substitute, upon Application being made to him by the said Trustees, to name and appoint Seven skilful and indifferent Persons, who after being (worn by the said Sheriff faithfully to discharge their Duty, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby empowered and required to value and appreciate the several Properties,

One or more, specified in such Application, within Two Calendar Months after their being so appointed, and their Decision and Determination therein shall be final and obligatory on all the Parties concerned: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be optional to any Heritor, Life-renter, Leftec, or other Person interested, either to allow the Appreciation to be made as aforesaid, or within Six Days after the Nomination of Appreciators by the Sheriff is intimated to him or her, to name One Arbiter for him or herself, who, along with another Arbiter whom the said Trustees shall be obliged to name, within Six Days after being required so to do, shall have iull Power, and they are hereby empowered to ascertain and determine the Value and Price to be paid to the Heriror or other Party Submitter for his or her Property, within One Month after they are named; and that such Arbiters, in case of a Difference in Opinion \_Lot. & Per.] 8 U between

722

In case of Arbiters, etc. refuting to determine, the Sheriff to no* minate Two Valuators.

Trustees not to dispofless Persons unne-cdTarilj.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

between themselves, shall have full Power, and be obliged within Ten Days after such Difference is declared, to name an Overlman or Umpire, with the like Powers as themselves, to be continued during Fourreen Days after he is so named, and within such Time he shall be obnged to determine.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the said Arbiters failing to determine, or to name an Overfman, or of the Overfman named declining to accept and act within the respective Times before limited, in either of these Events it shall be competent to and in the Power of the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, and he is hereby empowered and required upon Application of the said Trustees, to nominate and appoint Three skilful and indifferent Persons for ascertaining and determining upon Oath, by the Decision of all or any Two of such Persons, the Value to be paid by the Heritor or Heritors, of other Party Submitter for their Property or Interest , and which last Decision or Determination shall also be final and binding upon all the Parties concerned. Notice in Writing being always given to the Person or Persons interested, if they can be discovered, at leaf! Ten Days before the Time of fu> h Valuation or Assessment, either by the Valuators or Arbiters to be named by the Sheriffs, or the Parties themselves, intimating the Time and Place of the Meeting of the Valuators, by delivering such Notice to such Person or Persons personally, or by leaving the fame at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the said Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments intended to be valued, in case such Party cannot otherways be found out to be served with such Notice, and all which Decisions and Determinations to be made and pronounced either by the Appreciators to be named by the Sheriff, or the Arbiters named by the Parties themselves, or the Overfman, after being duly authenticated, shall be entered in the Records of the Sheriff Coure of Ayr, and the fame or Copies thereof signed by the Clerk of Court, shall be deemed and taken as good and lawful Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity whatsoever: Provided neverrhdefs, that it shall not be lawful to, nor in the Power of the said Trustees to comjel any Pro-‘ prietor of Houses or Heritages in the Line of the said Streets, or within the proposed Areas intended to be built upon, to sell or dispose of the fame by Valuation or otherways as hereby directed, for the Purpose or with a View of the said Trustees again felling or disposing of such Houses or Heritages as they formerly stood, but only for the Purpose of taking down the lame, and disposing of or using the Ground and Areas for the Purposes of this Act; nor shall it be lawful to the said Trustees to enter upon the Prernifes, or to dispolfcfs the Proprietors, Occupiers, or Lefties for the Time being of any Part of the said Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, at any Time sooner than it shall become necessary to life and employ the fame, for the Pmpose of opening and making any of the said intended new Streets, or the Execution of the Plans of building on the Areas on each Side thereof, or builoing the Bridges, or any other of the Purposes above mentioned; and particularly, that it shall not be in the Power of the said Trustees to sell or dispose of any of the said Houses, Tenements, or other Herediraments, or to cause any Part thereof to be taken down or removed, except for the Execution of the Purposes of this Act only; but such Proprietors, after the Acceptance and Receipt of the agreed or awarded Price of their respective

723

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

respective Properties, shall be liable and obliged during their Possefllotl thereof, to pay to the said Trustees such reasonable Rent or annual Consideration for the fame, as shall be agreed on between them and the said Trustees, or as shall be fixed by the Arbiters who previously determined the Value and Price to be paid therefore.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, Thatif any of the Owners, Proprietors, in case of Re-and Lefiecs of the said Lands, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, Money to be upon legal Tender made to him, her, or them respectively, either per- consigned. Tonally, or at their Dwelling Houses, if redding within the Town of Kilmarnock, or if residing without that Town, made at the Dwelling House of some Tenant or Occupier of the Premises, shall refuie or neg-led to accept of such offered Price, or if the Party or Parties interested, shall not be able to make out a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Sheriff Depute, or that the Subjects are incumbered or entailed, so that the Price of the fame cannot be lately and legally paid to the Parties immediately interested; in any of these Events, the said Trustees are, and shall be authorized to make Payment and Consignacion thereof, with the Approbation and Warrant of the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, into the Bank of Scotland, or the Royal Bank of Scotland, for the Use and Behoof of the Parties truly incerested, and upon Evidence being given of such Payment or Consignation in the respective Cales aforesaid, it shall be lawful to the said Sheriff, and he is hereby authorized and required, on Application of the said Trustees, to decern and adjudge the full Right and Property of the said Lands, Houses, Te-ments, Leases, and other Hereditaments respectively, to belong to the said Trustees, as fully and freely as if the respective Proprietors and others interested therein, had difpefed and conveyed, or had resigned the same to and in Favour of the said Trustees and their aforesaids, and it shall then, and not before, or otherwise, be lawful to and for the said Trustees to enter upon the Premises, and to convert and dispose of the fame for the Purposes of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid, for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the when exceed-Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life in6 *°»l-Rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, Married Woman, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Appro, bation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so

applied

724

If under *oo/. and above 20/.

Where under 20/. Sterling.

If awarded Price not paid within a certain Time, Award to be void and null.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of the Messuages. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled, to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trust-', Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or iifed as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exirting undetermined and capable of taking Effed; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purpose aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the lame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, t>ken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators in cale of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, as far as the Case be applicable.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next herein before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have beenen-titled to the Rent and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Sum or Sums of Money awarded by the said Valuators or Arbiters in Manner above directed to be paid to the Owners, Occupiers, Life-renters, and others interested for the respective Interests in the Premises aforesaid, shall not be paid, tendered, or consigned as herein-before directed, within Six Calendar Months next after the same shall have been so awarded, then and in such Case, the Award and Determination of the said Atbiters,

and

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 725

and the Order and Adjudication of the said Sheriff thereupon, shall not be binding cn the said Parties, the Owners, Occupiers, and others interfiled in the Piemifcs, but the same shall continue binding on the said Trustees; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstand-wg.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the After Pay-said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, after ^"rt(J"jPrice making Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed Trustees may upon between them and the said Owners and Occupiers, or oilier Persons interested therein respectively, or adjudged or awarded as aforesaid for the Purchase of the said Lands, Houses, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, Tacks, or Leases, or after Consignation thereof, in the Cafe* aforesaid, to order the said Houses, Tenements, and other Buildings to be taken down, and the Areas to be cleared, and otherwise to use the Property so acquired, as shall be thought proper and necessary by the said Trustees for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it also enacted, That afterthePurchafeof any such Tene- Trustets to ments, Houses, Lands, and other Hereditaments as shall be found ne- ,1^ foioMeH cefiary for the Execution and completing of the said new Streets or Ave- Areas.

Hues, and the Areas on each Side thereof, and other Purposes above-mentioned, the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to fell by publick Auction, for an adequate Price, the Materials of all such Houses and Buildings, and also the remaining Ground or buildi g Ateas along each Side of the said intended new Streets, for Payment either of a reasonable Price or annual Feu Duty; and they shall be obliged to account for and apply both the Purchase Money and annual Feu IDuties thereof to and for the Purposes of this Act, and none other, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to pay the Purchase Money or adjudged Value of the said Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, Tacks, or Leases, out of such Sums as they may raise by voluntary Subscriptions or Pontage, or out of such other Sums as shall be raised by Way of Loan or otherwise for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That previous Notice shall be Notice to b« given by the said Trustees to the Tenants and Occupiers of all such

Lands, Tenements, Houses, Leases, and other Hereditaments, as are so to be converted and disposed of for the Purposes aforesaid. Three Months at lead before the Term of Whitsunday, at which the said Tenants or Occupiers are to be removed therefrom, by affixing a Notice in Writing to that Fffeft, upon the moll patent Door of such Houses, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, or by delivering such Notice to the principal Occupiers thereof.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in the Event of any of the said ifp,rt 0(3ny new Buildings, Streets, or Areas on each Side thereof, cutting through Property ta-and taking off only a Part of any of the Houses or Buildings that may be whoieto i, Handing thereon, or of the Gardens or other Grounds occupied thereby, puichaied, the Proprietors, Life-renters, and Possessors of such Houses, Buildings,

and other Hereditaments aforesaid, shall be entitled, (if they so incline), to receive and be paid the full and adequate Value of the Whole of such [Lee. & Per.'] 8 X Buildings,

726

Extending the Juiildiction of the Magistrates.

Patronage of Churches to belong to the Marquis and Marchioness of TttcbfieU.

Magistrates to appoint Stent Malieri.

Cess, how to be levied.

A Reservation of Tythes.

Foot Pave, meets to be made.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Building', Houfts, and other Hereditaments, and which the said Trustees shall be, and are hereby obliged to purchase, account for, and pay accordingly as the same shall be determined in the Manner before di-re&ed.

XXXVII. And be it allb enabled, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates, Baillies, and Council of Kilmarnock shall be extended over the Lands of Nelbcrtown Holm, Town End Glebe, and Grange, and that the said Magistrates and Council shall have and enjoy the same Rights and Privileges over the Grounds annexed to their Jurisdiction, as they do now enjoy and exercise over and within the Limits of the presentTown by any Law or established Cullom: Provided always, that if any Church or Churches shall be built and endowed within the said Town, or upon any of the Grounds annexed as above mentioned, the Right of Patronage is declared to belong to the Marquis and Marchioness of Titckfield and their Trustees, in the same Manner as they hold and enjoy the Patronage of the Churches in the said Town at present.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall have full Power to appoint Stent Masters, Assessor. and Collectors to aflcfs and to levy from the Proprietors and Occupiers of the said annexed Grounds, and of all such Houses as are built or hereafter shall be built upon the aforesaid Grounds hereby annexed to and comprehended within the said extended Jurisdiction, an equal and rateable Portion of the Cess, Trades Stent, Poors Rates, Conversion of Statute Labour, and other Taxes payable by the Inhabitants of the Town of Kilmarnock, in the same Manner as they are now levied within the present Jurisdiction.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several Lands hereby annexed to the said Town, besides the Cess to be levied by the Collectors of the Town, for and in respect of the Houses and Buildings erected thereon, shall remain liable, and to be subjected to the Payment of a rateable Proportion of the Cess or Land Tax, and other publick Burdens imposed or to be imposed on the Shire,of Hyr, for and in respect of the Ground.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Tythes payable out of the Lands hereby annexed shall be, and the same are hereby saved and reserved to the true Owners thereof, in the same Manner as if this Act had never passed.

XLI. And whereas it would be greatly for the Benefit and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of all Persons resorting thereto, that Foot Pavements were made on the Sides of the Streets, both within the said Town, and within the Lands hereby annexed, that the Foot Pavements and Streets were properly cleansed, and that all Obstructions and Nuisances were removed, and the fame prevented in future; be it therefore enacted, That the Owners or Proprietors of all Houses and other Buildings, or of Gardens or Gounds on which Buildings are not erected, which are adjoining to and fronting any Street, Square, or other publick or principal Place within the said Town, shall at his, her, or their Expence,

cause

7z;

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

cause the Grounds before their Property respectively on the Sides of the said Streets, Squares, and other publiik and principal Places, to oc well and sufficiently paved with flat, hewn, or other Stones, in such Manner and in such Form as the said Trustees (after vificing and inspecting the Grounds, and hearing the Parties concerned), shall. by their Order from Time to Time, direct and appoint, the Breadth of the said Foot Pavements not to excccdTwelve Feet in Streets of Sixty Feet wide and upwards;

Ten Feet in Streets from Fifty to Sixty Feet wide; Eight Feet in Streets from Forty to Fifty Feet wide; and Six Feet in all Streets below Forty Feet wide; and that the whole Foot Pavements in the fame Streets fhotild be of the fame Breadth, and that it shall be in the Option of the Owners or Proprietors of Gardens or Grounds within the said Town and Liberties thereof, on which Buildings shall not be erected, either to pave opposite their Property respectively in Manner aforesaid, Or to causeway the Foot Pavements before them with Whin Stones, until their said Gardens or Grounds shall be built upon, but no longer: Provided always, that such Parts of the said Foot Paths as are opposite to Wynds, Lanes, or Closes, which are Cart or Carriage Entries, may also, in the Option of the Proprietors, be paved with Whin Stones.

XLII. And be it enacted, That in case any such Owner or Proprietor shall refuseor neglect to cause such Grounds to be paved in Manner and Form tufe, Trust«i so directed within such Time as he, (lie, or they shall be required so to do by the said Trustees, after having visited and inspected the Grounds and heard Parties concerned, that then it shall and may be lawful to the said Trustees to cause the said Foot Pavements to be made in such Manner and Form as they shall order and direct, the Breadth of the said Foot Pavements not to exceed the Breadths before specified, and to cause the same to be done at the Charge and Expence of such Owners or Proprietors respectively; and in case any such Owner or Proprietor shall refuse or neglect to pay such Charges and Expences when required, it shall and may be lawful to the said Trustees to decern such Charges and Expences to be paid by such Owner or Proprietor, either to the Tradesman by whom the Work has been done, or any other Person named by the said Trustees, with the additional Expences incurred in recovering the same.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Footpave-

Trustees, after the Foot Pavements shall have been completed for the J"*"1 ;"!eto

r , _ . . .; he kept in

First Time, by virtue or this Act, to decern them to be kept in proper Repa r.

Repair, and to give Orders for the Charges and Expences of repairing, relaying, and maintaining the said Foot Pavements against the several Owners or Proprietors of the Houses and other Buildings, or of Gardens and Grounds on which Buildings are not erected, in the same Manner, and according to the fame Proportions, as they are herein-before empowered to decern for the Charges and’Expences attending the first making of the Foot Pavements aforesaid.

XLIV. And be it hereby enacted, That when the Floors or Stories of the How Expen-aforesaid Front Houses or Buildings belong to more Proprietors than One, '*Vefay°d*° the several Proprietors of the fame House or Building shall cause the Ground before their respective Houses or Buildings to be paved, and the Pavements to be kept in Repair in Manner, aforesaid, the Expence being defrayed in Proportion to the Rents of the respective Parts of the House or Building belonging to each of them; and in case any Dispute or Difference

728

Tenants to retain Expences from their Rents.

PolTcITors to clean Foot Pavements.

Scavengers to cleat. Streets.

Regulating Foot Pavements-

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

ference dial] arise amongst the several Proprietors of the fame House or Building, relative to their Proportions of the aforesaid Expence, that then it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to determine the fame according to the Rate of lurh Rents, and to decern for that Expence in Manner aforesaid, which Determination shall be final, conclusive, and binding on all Paitics.

XLV. And be it enacted, That the Tenants or Occupiers of the Houses or other Buildings belonging to such Owners or Proprietors (in Default of the Proprietors paying the said Expence), in case he, she, or they shall pay the Expences aforesaid (which they are hereby authorized and required to do), to the Amount of the Rents due by them respectively, shall be at Liberty, and they are hereby empowered to drdufl and retain out of his, her, or their Rents, futh Sums of Money as they shall respectively pay on account thereof for their respective Landlord', Owners, or Proprietors, who are hereby required to allow such Payments accordingly; any Lease or Contrail to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Person or Persons who shall possess the Shops, or where there are no Shops, who shall inhabit the First Floors of the Front of any Dwelling House, or other House or Building adjoining to and fronting che Foot Pavements within the said Town, shall cause the fame, along the Front of their respective Shops and Property, to be swept, feraped, and cleaned Once every lawful Day, between the Hours of Six and Nine in the Morning, and if they fail so to do, it shall and may be lawful for the Magistrates of the said Town, or any One of them, to decern in a summary Manner such Possessors and Proprietors to pay a Sum not exceeding One Shilling Sterling for each Offence, to be levied in Manner htrein-after directed; and in case any Dispute shall arise among the Possessors or Occupiers of the Shops, Houses, or Property adjoining the said Foot Pavements, relative to the cleansing, (craping, and sweeping the fame, it shall and may be lawful to the said Magistrates, or any One of them, to inquire into the Matter, and determine the fame, which Determination shall be final; and that where the Possessors of Shops, or Inhabitants of the First Floors or Stories of Dwelling Houses, sweep, (crape, and clean the Foot Pavements in Manner aforesaid, they shall have Relief against the Inhabitants of the Upper Floors or Stories of these Houses for a Proportion of the Expence of so doing, cotresponding to the Valuation of their resp-dlive Possessions, which Proportion shall, in case of Dispute, be determined and decerned for by the said Magistrates, or any Two of ihcin, whole Decision shall be final and binding on all Parties.

XLVII. Provided always, and beitcnaCltd, That the public Streets, Squares, Passages, and principal Places within tire Town (excepting the said Foot Pavements, and also chose Parts of the said Foot Pavements which are Caulevvayed with Whin Stones in the Cafes before specified),_ shall be sweeped and cleansed by Persons to be hired by the said Trustees, and that the Expence thereof shall be defrayed from the Funds provided by this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if anj Person or Persons shall carry run, drive, draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, or drawn, on any

of

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 729

of the Foot Pavements within the said Town, any Beer Sledge, or Wheel Barrow, Wheel, or Wheels, or any Coach, Sedan Chiir, Waggon, Cart, or Carriage whatsoever (except directly across the fame on mceff.iry Occasions), or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse, Af>, Mule, or other Cattle (except when going directly across the Paid Foot Pavements to or from Stables or Cow Houses), upon any Part of the said Foot Pavements, of shall throw or cad any Dirr, Dung, Allies, or Rubhifh into or upon the fame (except in Time of Frofl and Snow), or shall roll any Barrels

Hogsheads, or Calks, empty or full, along the said Foot Pavements for any Diltance whatever (except across them directly to or from Cellars, Shops, or Warehouses), or shall roll any such Barrel, Hogshead, or Calk along any of the publick or principal Streets, Squares, or Places in the said Town, except from Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, or othei Places, directly to such Carts or Carriages as they are to be loaded upon, or from such Carts or Carriages as they have been loaded upon, directly to the Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, or other Places in which they are to be deposited (not exceeding Thirty Yards in any Case), then it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and for any Person or Persons to aflifl in seizing such Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them to the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured or conveyed before One of the Magistrates of the said Town, and the Party or Parties accused being brought before him, such Magistrate shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses whoffiall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Magistrate is hereby empowered to administer), and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or the Oath of One credible Witness, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One Shilling Sterling for the First Offence,

Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling for the Second, and Five Shillings Sterling for the Third, and every subsequent Offence; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, upon such Conviction, immediately pay such Penalty, the said Magiflrare is hereby authorized and required to commit him, her, or them to Pr*son for any Time not exceeding Two Days unless such Penalty, and the Charges occasioned thereby, shall be sooner paid and FatisHed.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for and in the Outfhots am? Power of the said Trustees, or any Two of them, by an Order given under their Hands (after inspefling the Premises, and hearing the Parties concerned) c to order the Proprietors of all Houses and other Buildings fronting any of the Streets of the said Town, to remove or cause to be removed and taken away, within a reasonable Time, all Outflairs, Outfhots, Buildings, Erections, and other Things whatsoever which tend to obstruct free Passage in the said Streets and Foot Pavements, and if within the Time specified in such Order, the said Outflairs, Outfhots, Buildings, Erections, and other Things be not taken away, the Owner or Proprietor of such House or Building to which the said Obflruflions are annexed and belong, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, and lo toties quoties for every Month after the Date of such Order, during Which the said Outflairs, Outfhots, Buildings, or other Things shall remain , ihe laid Fines to be recovered and applied in Manner herein-after £Loc. & Per.'} 8 T directed

73°

Expence of removing Obstructions to be paid by Tru (lees.

Proviso ns to Outftairs already made, where other Access to Houses cannot be had.

kegulatious and Bye Laws to be made for removing Obstructions and Nuisances in Streets and Pavements.

Sign Pods to be taken down.

A2° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

directed: Provided always, that in case the aforesaid Obstructions shall not be removed within Three Months after the Order deo rning them to be removed, that it shall be lawful for and in the Power of the said Trustees, or any Two of them, to order the same to be removed brevtmann.

L. Provided always, and be it enad"d, That in Cafes where the said Outftairs, Outfhots, Buildings, and Erections shall be removed under the Authority of this Act, for the Purposes of puhlirk Convenience and ' Accommodation, that the Expence and Damage arising therefrom shall be paid by the said Trustees from the Funds granted by this Act.

Id. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in fitch Cafes where the Houses and other Buddings already erected on the Sides of the said Foot Pavements cannot have convenient Access and Entries made to them by any other Passages than the Outftairs already made and erected, that the Trustees shall only have it in their Power to order the said Our-ltairs to be altered and narrowed in such a Manner as to leave a free Paf-iage not less than One Third of the Breadth of the said Foot Pavements of-pofite to the said Outftairs.

LII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees present at any Meeting called for the Purpose, shall have Power to make Regulations, (from Time to Time}, confident always with this Act and the Laws of Scotland, for removing Obstructions and preventing Nuisances of every Kind on the Foot Pavements, Streets, and other Places within the said Town, and to enforce the fame by such pecuniary Penal ies as they shall appoint, not exceeding in any Case the Sum of Five Shillings Srerling for each Transgression, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after directed and appointed: Provided always, that none of the said Regulations shall become valid or take Effect till they be ratified and confirmed by the M3gi-strates of the said Town, and pubMhed in the Newspapers, and printed and put up in the most conspicuous Places of the said Town.

LIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the said Trustees to cause to be removed and taken down all Signs, Sign Polls, Boards, Water Barges, Sheds, Dyers, Scowerers, or Barbers Poles, or any other Pole projeding into or hanging over any of the Foot Pavements, Streets, Squares, Lanes, or Passages; and thac in future all Signs and Sign Boards shall be placed or affixed close on or flat to the Wall or Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or other Buildings whereunto they respectively belong; and that if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter hang, place, or ered, or cause to be placed, hung, or erected', any Sign, Sign Post, Pole, or other Projedion, Obstruction, or Annoyance whatever contrary to the Meaning of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order the same to be removed and taken away, and to decern in a summary Way such Person or Persons to pay any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling for the First Offence, and after Conviction of any such Offence to decern him or them to pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling for every Week such Projedion, Obstruction, or Annoyance shall remain; every such Fine and Penalty to be recovered and applied in Manner herein-after directed and appointed.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 731

LIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Pei i'jns l'hall place or bring to

out upon any Street or Side Pavement, either on Stalls or otheywife, within Streets, the said Town, any Goods, Commodhies, Provisions, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, and shall expose the fame for Sale or Shew in such Streets or Side Pavements, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling, and be obliged to remove such Goods, Commodities, or other Things from such Streets or Side Pavements, and if the said penalties bq not immediately paid, and the Goods or other Things removed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to cause the said Goods, Commodities, and other Things so set out or exposed, to he removed, taken away, and deposited in such Place or Places as he or they shall direct and appoint, there to remain until the Offender or Offenders shall have paid the Penalty with the Charges and Expences attending the carrying away and depositing the same as aforesaid: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be ronftrued to extend to prevent Persons exposing and setting out such Goods and Provisions in the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and other Places for Shew or Sale ou publick Fair Days, in the same Manner and under the fame Restrictions and Limitations as practised before the passing of this Act; but the aforesaid Exception shall not extend or be construed to extend to the Foot Pavements before described made or to be made on the Sides of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, upon which none of the said Articles shall be fold or exposed even on those Fair Days.

LV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may order ^JJJ* anJ and direct the Houses, Buildings, Shops, or Warehouses within th» shops to be said Town and Liberties thereof, to be numbered with Figures to be numbered placed or painted on the Doors, or on such other conspicuous Part thereof as the Proprietors shall think proper, and may likewise order to be painted or otherwise inscribed on a conspicuous Part of some House or Building, at or near the End or Corner of each Street, Square,

Lane, Passage, or Place, the Name of such Street, Square, Lane, Passage, or Place, and any Person or Persons who shall wilfully and maliciously destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Number,

Figure, Name, or Description, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after ditefted.

LVI. And be it enacted, That the Water from the Roofs of all Water from Houses or other Buildings within the said Town, fronting the publick Houts°how Streets and Wynds which are Thoroughfares to the said publick Streets, to be convey, shall be conveyed in Lead or other Pipe or Pipes, reaching within Six ed-Inches of the Ground, and affixed against or on the Sides or Fronts of such Houses or Buildings; and in case the Owners or Proprietors of said Houses or Buildings shall not convey the Water from their Houses and Buildings by the Lid Pipe or Pipes in Manner aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to the said Trustees,'or any Two of them, on inspecting the Premises, and hearing Parties concerned, to decern in a summary Manner iiic’n Owner or Proprietor to pay any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, ^or every such Offence; and if after Conviction of any such Offences, the Water from any House or

other

73

F.x;xnc'S of Water Pipei, lioiv to be paid.

TYoviso as to Proprietor* burthened with conveying Water by their Title Oeeds.

Reeourse with regard to Te. nants paying the Expence of Water Pipes.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

other Building shall be still conveyed otherwise than in Lead, or other Pipe or Pipes so affixed and reaching as aforesaid, for the Space of One Calendar Month or more, then and in every such Case, the Owner or Proprietor of every such House or Building shall forfeit and

Kay the Sum of Ten Shillings Sterling, and so tafia quolies for every lonth after such First Conviction, during which the Water.shall be conveyed otherwise than aforesaid, every such Fine or Forfeiture to be recovered and applied in Manner herein after directed; and the said Penalties to be always paid according to the Proportion, of their respective Rents; and in case the said Persons shall neglect for Two Months to convey their Water in Manner aforesaid, that it shall be lawful to and in the Power of the said Trustees, or any Two of them, to ordei the Works necessary for conveying the said Water in Manner aforesaid, to be done at the Expence of the said Persons, and to decern for the said Expences, besides the Penalties above specified.

LVII. And be it enacted, That where the Floors or Stories of any Houses or Buildings belong to more Proprietors than One, the Uveral Proprietors of the fame House or Building shall be obliged o defray the Expence of making, affixing, and keeping in Repair the said Pipe or Pipes, in Proportion to the Rents of the respective Parts of the said Front House or Building which belong to each of them as they shall (land rated in the Rent Roll before mentioned; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall occur amongst the several Proprietors of the fame f.ouse or Building, relative to their Proportions of the aforesaid Expences, it shall and may be lawful to the said Trustees, or any Two of them, after inspeding the Premises, and hearing the Parties concerned, by an Ort er given under their Hands, to determine the fame according to the Rare of such Rent in the said Rent Rolls, and to decern for that Expence in Manner aforesaid; which Determination shall be conclusive, final, and binding on all Parties.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any One or more of the said Proprietors are by their Title Deeds burdened with the Expence of conveying the whole Water from the said Houses or Buildings, he, ffie, or they, shall continue to be subject to that Burden, but it shall and may be lawful for them, (upon obtaining an Order for that Purposr, under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Two of them, after visiting the Premises and hearing Parties concerned), at their own Charges and Expences, to affix or cause to be affixed to those Parts of the Walls of the said Houses or Buildings which belong to the other Proprietors, a Pipe or Pipes for the Purposes aforesaid, they always indemnifying the other Proprietors for all Damages they may sustain by the said Fixtures, as the same shall be ascertained by an Order given under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Two of them, in Manner and according to the Proportions aforesaid.

LIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That when the Tenants or Occupiers of such Houses or other Buildings, shall, in Default of the Proprietors paying such Expence, have been at any Expence in conveying Water in Manner aforesaid, which they are hereby authorized and required to do to the Amount of the yearly Rents payable by them respectively, they may, and are hereby authorized and empowered to apply 7 the

733

42° GEORGII III. Cap.

the Lead and other Materials of any Pipe or Pipes, forme ly affijred to the said Houses, or the Produce thereof, towards such Expenres, and shall have Power, and they are hereby authorized to deduct the Remainder of such Charges and Expences out of the next Rent due to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, who are hereby directed and required to allow the fame in such Rent f any Lease or Contraft to the contrary not* withstanding.

LX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for thfc Scivengeme said Trustees, at all Times, to contract: with or employ Scavengers, or appomua. other Persons, to cleanse and sweep the publick Streets, Square8, Passages, and principal Places within the Town, (excepting the Foot Pavements, which are to be cleansed and sweeped in Manner before directed), and immediately to order to be removed and carried from thence, all Soil,

Dtrr, Ashes, and Filth, to collect the fame into Heaps, and afterwards to remove them to such Place and Places as the said Trustees shall appoint; and that it shall and may be lawful to them, To sell or dispose of as publick Property, the said Soil, Dirt, Ashes, and Filth, for ManUie, to such Person or Persons as may be willing to purchase the same.

LXI. And be it enacted, That all and every Persons or Person, who shall Dune t# be lay or place Dung, or cause it to be laid or placed on any Part of the renu-ved from Streets or other publick Ways of the said Town, for the Purpose of trans- Siretu* porting it to the adjacent Grounds, shall remove and take away the lame before Twel ve of the Clock on the Day on which it is so laid in the Months of November, December, "January, February, and March, and before Ten of the Clock before Noon, in the Months of April, May, June, July,

August. September, and OElaber-, and if any Ashes or Dung of any Kind (except in Time of Froft and Snow), shall be so laid and remain upon any Part of the said Streets or publick Ways after the Hours before specified, it shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates, or any One of them, to decern the Person or Persons so offending, to pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling, for each Offence, to be levied and applied in Manner herein-afeer directed.

LXII. And be it enactrd, That the Persons employed in carrying or wheeleriof wheeling the said Dung into the Streets, shall be obliged to Icrape, Dung to clean sweep, and cleanse the Foot Pavements over which the said Dung shall ltn°°', Pave' have been carried or wheeled immediately after they shall have hnithed that Work, under a Penalty not exceeding One Shilling Sterling, for each Offener, to be levied in Manner herein-after directed.

1.XIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any penaityofob. Time or Times, obstruct, hinder, or molcft any Officer or other Person itructing p«-who shall be employed in the Execution of his or their Duty under this Act, every Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay any Sum t,on 01 'hi* notex eeding One Found Sterling for the hirlt Offence, 1 wo Pounds Act‘

Sterling for the Second Offence, and Three Pounds Sterling for the Third and every fublrquent Offence.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for, and in the j°^on Power of the said Trustees to make, or cause to be made, Common ra* Sewers, Drains, and Water Courses within the said Town and Liberties [_Lec. (A Per. J 8 Z thereof.

734

Holes made in Streets to be fenc'd and lighted, and Foo: Pavements to be raised.

Fences to be put azainst Houses repairing.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. ^8.

thereof, for draining and carrying' the Water from the Roads, Street', Squares, Lanes, and Paffagrs, made or to be made in the said Town, and from the building Ground adjacent thereto, not only along and aerols the said Strtcts, Squares, Lanes, and Passages themselves, but through the Gardens or Grounds belonging to Corporations or individual Proprietors, in litch Par: or Parts thereof as are not built upon, and to repi ir, and cause to be repaired, and kept in Repair the said Common Sewers, Drains, anil Water Courses, at all Times: Provided always, that when the said Common Sewers, Drains, and Water Couriers shall be carried through the Gardens and Grounds-belonging to Corporations or individual Proprietors, that the fame shall- be done in Inch a Manner, that the Houses and other Buildings erected on the other Parts of the said Gar. dens and Grounds, shall not in any Way be thereby damaged or prejudiced, and the said Common Seweis, Drains, and Water Courses, shall be covered over in a lufficiertr stud luhltanti.il Manner, and the 'Pop of the said Coverings shall beat lead: Twelve Inches below the Surface of the said Gardens or Grounds, and that all Damages done to the said Gardens or Grounds (including such Damage as may arise from the Proprietors being the reby prevented from digging proper Foundations, or building sunk Stories and Cellars on their Propeitv respeiffivtly), and to the Fences, Trees, Bulbes, and other Plants, or Crops glowing thereupon’, by making, digging, covering, and repairing the said Common Sewers, Drain’s, and Water Courses, shall be paid by the said Trustees according as the said Damage shall be ascertained, by Decrees to be pronounced by the Sheriff Depute of the County of Ayr, or his Sub-ftitutrs, who shall, and are hereby authorized and required to hear the Parties, and to decern for the lame in a iummary Minner.

LXV. And be it enacted, That in case any Hole or Opening shall be made in any of the Streets, Lanes, Passages, Squares, or ptibliek Places of the said Town or adjacent Streers, for the Purpose of digging Foundations for building, or for digging Wells, Drains, or any other Put poles, that the Person or Persons making or caufiag to be made the said Holes or Openings, and the Persons employed or concerned therein, Ih 11 at his, her, or their own Expence, cause a suffi ient Rail or Fence of Kopies or other Materials to be put round the said Holes or Openings, and shall also cause a Lamp or Light to be affixed at or near the lame, to be kept burning every Night thac Inch Hides and Openings shall remain unfilled up, from Stin-setting to Sun-riling; and in case any or the said Person or Persons shall rctuie or neglect to affix and keep burning the said Lamps or Lights in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to decern the Person or Persons so offending, to pav any Sum not exceeding Five Shilling, Sterling, Weekly, so king as such Opening shall remain unfilled up, to be levied and applied in Manner herein after directed and appaimed.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when it is r.ecessary ro tike down or unroof any Houses and Tenements fronting the Street- of the said Town for the Purposes of rebuilding or repairing them, or fir any other Purposes, or when it becomes necessary to perform any other Work upon the said Houses or Tenenvnts, whereby Risk IhaUarbe of Stones, Slates, Timber, or any other Materials tailing upon the said Foot Pavements on the Sides of the Street, that every Person or Persons carrying

on,

735

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

on, or causing to be carried on such Works, shall at his, her, or their Expence, fence round or cause to be fenced round with a sufficienc Rail or Rope or other Fence, those Parts of the said Foot Favem-nw which are opposite to the said Houses or Tenements, and shall uphold and keep in proper Repair and Condition the said Rails, Ropes, or other Fences during the whole Tune the said Works are carrying on, so as to prevent Passengers from walking along those Parts of the Pavements; and that it shall be lawful for and in the Power of the said Tultees to fine the Person or Persons refusing or neglecting so to fence round the said Pavements, in a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings S erling, for each Day’s Failure, to be levied and applied in Manner herein-afrer d; reded, and also to order the said Pavements so to be fenced in at the Expence of the Person or Persons carrying on the said Works or Repairs.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Meetings of the said Meetings, tic, Trullees shall be held within the Town House of the said Town of Kil~ of Iruftt:es' inamock, or in any other House in the said Town, to be appointed by their Quorum, and that they shall have Four Quarterly Hated General Meetings during the Year in the same Place 5 videlicet, upon the First Tuesday of June, the First Tuesday of September, the First Tuesday of December, and the First Tuesday of March annually, at Twelve of the Clock at Noon, for putting this Act and the Powers thereby committed to the said Trustees in Execution, beginning the First of the said Quarterly Meetings upon the First Tuesday of June One thousand eight hundred and two; and that at all the Meetings of the said Trustees, the eldest Baillie of Kilmarnock, or other Person acting as Chief Magistrate of the said Town for the Time being, or eldest Magistrate present at such Meeting, shall preside, and in calc of an Equality of Votes in any Question that may come before the said Trustees, shall have a calling or decisive Voice therein, as well as a deliberative One, and that their Prefes shall cause the Whole of the said Trustees to be summoned to attend the said Quarterly Meetings, by written or printed Notices to be given to them personally, or left at their Dwelling Houses (if residing within the said Town cr Neighbourhood thereof), at lead Twenty-four flours previous to the Time of the said Meeting, with full Power also to the said Trustees to nominate and appoint Treasurers, Clerks, and other Officers, and Servants proper and necessary under them, in order to the due Execution of the Ad, and to appoint others when they think proper to remove and displace them or any One of them respectively; and also to limit and appoint reasonable and adequate Salaries, Wages, and other Allowances to be made and paid to Inch Officers and Servants, and to make such other Orders,

Rules, and Regulations as the Nature of each particular Service shall leem to require, and they shall deem expedient, and from Time to Time to vary, alter, and revoke any of the said Rules and Regulations, and to do such other Acts and Things as to the said Trustees shall appear proper and necessary for putting this Act into Execution, they being always confident with the several Powers and Regulations of this pre-lent Ad,

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees present at such Quar- Trustees may tcrly Meetings may adjourn themselves from Time to Time as they »Ji°urn-

may

?36 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

may think proper and necessary, for executing the Powers vested in them by this Act; and that the Clerk of the said Trustees shall give written or printed Notices to each of them of such adjourned Meetings, in the same Manner as is required for the said (fuaricrly Meetings and it shall also be in the Power of the Preles of the said Trustees, of himself, to appoint other Meetings of them to be held lo often and at such Times as may to him leem necessary and expedient; the whole Trustees being always summoned to attend every such Meeting in Manner above mentioned.

Appointing L.XIX. And be it also enacted, That if any of the Trustees above named he» Tiuiteei. /hould die, or be desirous to be relieved of the Trust, or become incapable to act therein, before the Purposes of the Act have been completely performed and executed, then and in any of thele Cafes it shall and may be lawful to and in the Power of the surviving or acting Trustees, or major Part of them, by a Deed executed by them, according to the Forms of the Law of Scotland, to elect and appoint any other fit Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid, in the Room and Place of such of them as shall lo die, or be desirous to be relieved from, or become incapable to act in the Trust by this Act given; and such new Trullee or Trustees afttr being so elected and appointed, shall have as ample Power and Authority for executing the Purposes of this Act, as if they had been originally named therein.

Trofteei may

LXX. And whereas the said Trust-es and several other Persons have agreed borrow Mo- tQ raj|-e a gum of Money by voluntary Subscription towards defraying the Expence of carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, but which, with the Tolls and Pontages to be levied in Manner above mentioned, will not be adequate to these Purposes, be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to borrow and take up at Interest, from any Person or Persons willing to advance the fame, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds Sterling, either on the Security of the Tolls and Pontages before granted, or on the Security of the Ground and Areas to be acquired by them in Manner above mentioned, and which Money so to be borrowed shall be applied for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

When Money

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when the said Sum p^id off, more borrowed as aforesaid shall, in Whole or in Part, be applied and accounted rowed*b°r" for to the said Trustees at a General Meeting assembled, and by their Order paid off to the Person or Persons advancing of lending the Lme, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees at a General Meeting assembled, and they are hereby authorized to borrow another Sum of Money equal to that by chem paid off as aforesaid.

Truifee* may

LXXII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of eft'ian the them, at a General Mei ting assembled, may, and they are hereby empowered ro assign and make over the Whole or any Part of the Tolls or Pontage Duties by this Act imposed, and vested in them, to any Person or Persons to whom the Money shall be lo borrowed, or a Security for rhe

Re-

737

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Repayment of the Sum or Sums of Money so lent by them, and the Interest thereof, and such Alignments of the said Tolls or Pontage Duties for all and every Sum or Sums of Money so borrowed, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, which shall be seen and peruled at all reasonable Times by any Person or Persons having Interest, without Fee or Reward.

LXXIII.Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Money shall be Notice to he borrowed by the said Trustees on ihe Credit of the Tolls and Pontage f'JJ" °'mJ' Duties hereby granted, unless Notice for that Purpose shall be given in ne". "S some One of the Glasgow Newspapers, at lead Fourteen Days before the borrowing of such Money.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That the Charges and Expencesof obtaining Paying E*-and passing this Act shall be paid from the Fund which shall be voluntarily P^«s°rtt.e contributed for the Purposes above mentioned, and from the Tolls and Pontage Duties to be levied on the said Bridges, or from other Funds under the Management of the said Trustees.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Act and Acts of the proceeding, said Trustees shall be entered minuted in Books to be kept for that !° gCQ'jJ‘eretl Purpose, which and all other Books and Entries respecting the fame, or that contain any Account or Accounts relative to the Purposes of this Act, shall be produced (if required), at every publick Meeting, and shall be signed by the Prefes thereof; and such Entries and Books, after being so signed and authenticated, shall be held and taken to be the original Orders and Proceedings of the said Meetings, and also shall and may be produced and taken in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and in case any Surplus of the Money received for the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments acquired by the said Trustees, shall remain in their Hands, after paying the Expences of this Act, and what shall be laid out in making the proposed new Streets, Bridges, Town House, Slaughter House, Guard House, Burial Ground, and other Buildings on the Sides thereof, and all other Charges and Expences relative thereto, the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby obliged to pay such Surplus to the Treasurer of the Town of Kilmarnock, for the Time being, for the Use of the Community j and it shall be in the Power of any Member of the Town Council, for the Time being, to call for an Account of the Money received and expended, and to sue for the Payment and Application of the Surplus as aforesaid.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates, or any One of them, to decern in a fumn-ary Manner for the several Penalties, Damages, and Expences imposed by this Act (the Manner of levying or recoveting whereof is not otherwise herein-before particularly described); and in case the Penalty or Forfeiture be not immediately paid, the said Magistrates, or any One of them, where the Sum decerned for does not exceed Fifteen Shillings Sterling, shall and they are hereby empowered to commit the Person or Persons so refusing to Prison, for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties, Damages, and Expences, and the Charges incurred in levying or recovering the same shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

Recovery ot

Penalties not exceeding i s'-

{Loc, (s'Per.] 9 A

Where ex- ' ceeding 15 /*

m«y decern for Colt*.

Mitigation of Penalties.

Apnlicntion Of Penalties.

Persons aggrieved may appeal.

limitation of Aitions.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

LXXVII. And beitfurther enacted, That where the Penalties Forfeitures, Damages, and Expences decerned for, exceed the Sum of Fifteen Shillings Sterling, it shall and may be lawful for the Paid Magistrates, or any One of them, upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders by their own Confession, or by legal Evidence according to the Law of Scotland, in case the Offender shall not immediately pay the Sums decerned for, to cause the same to be recovered and levied by Diltrcfs and Sale of the Offender or Offenders Goods and Effects, by Warrant under the Hand of any One of the said Magistrates, and after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, the Surplus, if any arising by such Sale, shall be paid to such Person or Persons; and in case sufficient Goods and Effects shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful for such Magistrates to cause such Person or Persons to be committed to the common Gaol of the said Town, therein to remain for a Time not exceeding Twenty Days, unless the Sums of Money so decerned for, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cafes where the said Magistrates and other Judges are empowered to decern for the Expence of any Works or Operations, or of any other Expences, Sums of Money, Damages, or Penalties, under the Authority of this Act, that it fh.dl be lawful for them, and in their Power also to decern for the Costs of Suit, over and above such Expences, Sums of Money, Penalties, and Damages themselves.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates, or any One of them, from Time to Time, to mitigate or lessen any of the Forfeitures incurred under this Act, provided that none of the said Forfeitures and Penalties shall be mitigared or lessened unless they exceed the Sum of Ten Shillings Sterling, and where the said Penalties and Forfeitures exceed the Sum of Ten Shillings Sterling, that they shall not be mitigated or lessened more than Half besides the Expences and Charges of profecuiing for the same.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That the Whole of the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures herein-before enacted, shall, after deducing the necessary Charges of recovering the fame, be paid into and make Part of the Funds, under the Direction of the said Trustees for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, Thatif any Person or Persons shall think himself or themselves injured by any Order of the said Trustees, or by any Thing done in consequence of such Order by any Person or Persons acting under their Authority, every Person or Persons so injured or of-pressed, may complain to any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Ayr, or to the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitutes, who are he eby authorized and required to hear and determine all such Cases as shall be brought before them.

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That the Forfeitures and Penalties which may be irfiposed in virtue of this Act, in case Actions for the Recovery of them be not commenced within the Space of Three Calendar Months from the Time the Fafts by which they are incurred have been com-8 mitted,

739

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

mitted, shall cease to be of ar.y Fffed, and the Person or Persons who shall have so offended, shall not be liable to be prosecuted for such Penalties or Forfeitures.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Suit or Action shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants of such Suit or Action, may produce this Act, and plead that the said Things were done by the Authority thereof; and if it shall appear so to be done, that then the Defendant or Defendants shall be absolved from every such Suit or Action, and shall have Triple Costs and Expences in the Defence thereof awarded to them, from and against the Prosecutor or Prosecutors of the fame: Saving always and reserving to His Majesty, and to the said Marquis and Marchioness of Titchfield, and their Trustees, and to every other Person or Persons concerned, their Rights and Interests (other than the Extension of the said Jurisdiction), which they had, have, or may have in the Lands hereby annexed.

LXXXIV.And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed in all Courts of Law and Equity, as a publick Ad; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such accordingly, without specially pleading the same.

Act may be p'eaded in Action, brought.

Genet al Saving.

[Publick Act.]

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

C ? 51A HI I ISLOrlJ eSN

l no tioli ft./' V- of v >* [''I i^ot i

* 1 1: ;. «v: 4 . j ;t <1 ji«fl

jsiriisbo io 11 f;iT \i\ i i t tll, .,4 lt>: . yn 1' t&x&woto? 1

- I M H>!*ri 1) fi;.; S Ii..ril Jill 1 ill fl lOrfjuA

aide I'tif ' st.r, 1 \ jnebol'Kl

l .\,i r. :j ni mnt/x ! i dlcD skj'.T 3v»* i I e(r’ bnu

i < ‘1 o v > »oi‘l ‘f flnil i iioit ,m->rfn>j

cO *P f I oi b«R oi iivtilffi hie ?;l*ts s,ni.-a3

#ni ni 1 to /’/..ri ,br.ri ’{srfi rfairtw ..J hi..! 5 :3 to

t

- ' ' j ... ,.|c 1 r,

wa!I.\st3 ",) /? r ‘ :!TO(7’tO .1

:it ' , VI

J

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 49.

An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal, and other Works, which by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London, were directed to be made and done by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

[7th May 1802.]

9 B

[Lee. Perl]

WHEREAS

74-2

19 G-’O- J-c. 69.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London; whereby the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of Lonaon, in Common Council assembled, were empowered to make and maintain a navigable Canal, with necessary Cuts, Flood Gates, and other Works adjoining or belonging thereto, to pass through the Tract of Land, called The Isle of Dogs, in the Parish of Stebonheath otherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, and to communicate with the River Thames at or near Blackmail in the said Parish, and also at or near a Place called Lime-house Hole in or near the Parish of Saint Ann, Limehouse, in the said County, foas to provide a safe and convenient navigable Passage for Ships across the said Isle of Dogs; and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, were empowered, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, to purchase Houses, Lands, Tenements, and HereditamentsintheParilhesaforesaid, withincertain prescribed Limits, but no Person or Corporation was thereby compellable to fell any Part less than the Whole of any House, Building, or Parcel of Land in the actual Occupation of One Person, or of several Persons jointly, although only Part thereof might be wanted for the Purposes of the said Act; and the Premises so to be purchased were to be conveyed to and vested in the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, and their Successors -, and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, were thereby empowered to fell any such Hereditaments so to be purchased as might not be necessary to be made Use of in executing the Purposes of that Act; and in Consideration of the great Charges to be occasioned by making the said Canal and other Works therein before authorized to be made by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, certain Rates or Duties of Tonnage were by the said Act made payable to His Majesty, Hi? Heirs and Successors, for the Term of Fourteen Years next ensuing the passing of that Act, for Ships and other Vessels trading to or using the Port of London , and it was thereby enacted, that there should be advanced and paid from and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes, composing the Fund called The Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of the fame Rates and Duties, any such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Seventy-two thousand Pounds, as should be necessary and sufficient for the Purposes next therein after mentioned, to be applied by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in the First Place in paying One Half of the Charges of obtaining the said Act, and afterwards in purchasing the Lands and Hereditaments which Ih u d be purchased by the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and their Successors as aforesaid, and in paying the Charges of making and completing the said Canal and other Works, which were to be made and done by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in pursuance of that Act, and afterwards in discharging all the necessary Expences of managing, repairing, and preserving the fame Canal and other Works for Three Years after publick Notice of their being ready for Use, and aTo in paying, during the lame Three Years, such Sums of Money as Were therein before directed to be paid by the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and their Successors, for Lodes and Deficiencies of Tythes, Taxes, Sewer Rates and other Rates, and Assessments; and it

was

743

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

was thereby further enacted, that there should also be advanced and paid, from and our of the said Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties thereby made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, such Sums of Money as should be sufficietit for making certain Compenfanons therein particularly mentioned, and thereby entrusted to the Care and Management of certain Commissioners appointed and to be appointed, by virtue of the said Act; and it was thereby further drafted, that the Monies which should be produced by the Rates and Duties made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by that Act, should be applied in the Manner therein and in Part herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), in the Ftrlt Place, so much thereof should be paid into the Chamber of the City of London as should be sufficient for defraying the necessary Charges ot repairing, altering, and renewing the Mooring Chains in the River ‘Thames, and of laying down new or other Mooring Chains therein, and for paying the Salaries of the Harbour Mahers and their Assistants, pursuant to that Act, and subject thereto; the Residue of such Monies lo to be produced should be applied, from Time to Time, in repaying and replacing to the said Consolidated Fund, all such Suir^ of Money as ihou'd be advanced and paid thereout in pursuance of that Act, with Interest for the lame respectively, in the mean Time, at the Rate ot Five Pounds per Cerium per Annum; and that when all such Monies should be fully repaid with Interest, then and from thencelorth such Residue of the Monies to be produced by the said Rates and Duties should be dispoied of as next therein-.ifcer is directed: And whereas the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons hive made g'cat Progress in excavating the said Canal, and performing the other Works by the said recited Act directed to be made and done by them: And whereas by Reason of a Clause in the said recited Act, compelling the Purchase of the Whole of any Building or Parcel of Land in the actual Occupation of One Person, or of several Persons jointly, although only Parttheieof might he wanted for the Purposes of the said Act, and thereby causing more Buildings and much larger Quantities of Land lo be necessarily purchased than were actually wanted for the Purposes aforesaid, and by Reason of Satisfaction being made to Parties interested in Premises purchased under the said Act, for Goodwill, Improvements, and Injury or Damage, as thereby directed, and of a great Advance in the Prices of Timber, Iron, and other Materials tiled in the said Works, the Charges and Expences of making and completing the said Canal, and other Works, are likely very far to exceed the Estimate originally made thereof; and the said Sum of Seventy-two th mland Pounds by the said recited Act authorized and directed to be advanced, paid, and applied as aforesaid, will therefore be inefficient for the Purposes to which the fame is so made applicable: And whereas in consequence of the last mentioned Clause in the said recited Act, there have been purchased and conveyed, and agreed to be conveyed, to the said Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, and their Successors, under the Powers given by the same Act in that Behalf, divers Houses, Buildings, and Parcels of Land, of very considerable Value, which not being wanted or necessary for any of the Purposes of the said Act mud be fold, to the Intent thac the Monies so to arise may be ready for Application: And whereas it is expedient that Power should be given to advance out of

5 the

744 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

the said Consolidated Fund, further Sums of Money for completing the said Canal and other Works, in Addition to the said Sum of Seventy-:wo thousand Pounds; and that the Monies to arise by Sale of the said Pre-mifcs which have been so as aforesaid purchased, and are not wanted for the said Purposes, should be applied, as far as the fame will extend, in replacing to the said Consolidated Fund the additional Monies lo to be advanced thereout as lad mentioned, and that such further Provision should be made as herein-after is expressed, for re-paying to the said Fund all Monies advanced and to be advanced thereout for the Purposes in the said recited Act, and this present Act, mentioned and directed; but inasmuch as the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s, most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Power to fame, That there shall be advanced and paid from and out of all or any

Monies! of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes, composing the Fund, called The

Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of, and to be replaced to the said Fund by Monies to arise by Sale as aforesaid, and by the Rates and Duties by the said recited Act granted or made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, any such further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, as, together with the said Sum of Seventy-two thousand Pounds so already advanced or to be advanced as aforesaid, shall be necessary and sufficient for the Purposes next herein-after mentioned, the same to be paid by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, into the Chamber of the City of London, from Time to Time, as and when wanted, and to be applied and disposed of by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London, in Common Council assembled, for such and the fame Purposes, and in such and the same Manner, in all Respects as are in and by the said recited Act mentioned and directed, of and concerning the said Sum of Seventy-two thousand Pounds, and as if such further Sum or Sums had been Part thereof.

How the

II. And be it further enacted, That all the net or dear Monies to

arMe'-v'saie ari^e an<* *>e recc,ycd by the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens «f Pr-rmifes of the City of London, and their Successors, by Sale of all or any Part

plied!*bC af> or Parts of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenem rnts, and Hereditaments, purchased or to be purchased in pursuance and by virtue of the said recited Act, as shall not be necessary to be retained for or made Use of in executing any of the Purposes of that Act shall as and when such Monies shall be received be applied from Time to Time, as far as the fame will exrcnd, in or towards repaying and replacing to the said Consolidated Fund, ail or any such Sums of Money as shall be advanced and paid thereout in pursuance of this Act, with Interest for the fame re-fp ftively, in ’the mean Time, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; but the Receipt or Receipts, or other Discharge or Discharges of the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or of their Successors,

745

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Successurs, for the Purchase Money for which any such Premises shall be sold by them as aforesaid, shall nevertheless be a sufficient Discharge or sufficient Discharges to the Purchaser or Purcl.afers thereof, for lo much of such Purchase Monry as in such Receipt or Receipts respectively shall be acknowledged to be received; and such Purchaser or Purchasers shall not afterwards be obliged to fee to the Aj plication thereof.

III. And, in order the more effectually to provide for the replacing of HowtheRatti the Monies advanced and to be advanced out of the said Consolidated l>y

Fund, in Obedience to the said recited Act and this Act; be it also Act granted enacted, That the Rates and Ditties by the said recited Act granted or to_l}o made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as thertin is ex- applied, pressed, for and upon Ships and other Vessels trading to, frequenting, or using the Port of London, shall be and are hereby charged with the Repayment to the said Consolidated Fund of the Monies to be advanced thereout in pursuance of this Act, and such Interest thereon as aforesaid, and shall be payable and applicable for and towards the leplacing of such Monies to the said Fund, with Interest, in the fame Order, or Course and Manner, in all Respects, as if such last mentioned Monies had been advanced thereout as Part of the said Sum of Seventy-two thousand Pounds, in pursuance of the said recited Act; and that all the fame Rates and Duties shall continue payable, and be collected, received, and taken, and the Monies which shall, from Time to Time, be received and produced from and by Means of the fame, shall be applied and disposed of, as in and by the said recited Act and this Act is mentioned and directed, until all such Sums of Money as are already advanced and paid, and which shall hereafter be advanced and paid from and out of the said Consolidated Fund, in pursuance of the said recited Act and of this Act, or either of them, shall be thereby and therewith or otherwise fully repaid and replaced to the said Fund, with Interest for the fame Sums respectively, in the mean Time, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; the said Limitation of Fourteen Years, or any other Matter or Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary in any-wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it also enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and E*pence» of Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, shall *o be paid" pay and discharge all the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, with and out of any of the Monits paid or to be paid into the Chamber of the City of London, from and out of the said Consolidated Fund, in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act as aforesaid.

V. And be it enacted, That all such or so much of the Powers, Autho- Powers of the titles, Provisions, Regulatiom, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things ^undedw whatsoever contained in the said recited Act as are applicable to the Pur- this Act. poles of this Act, and not hereby repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for or rendered unnecessary, shall extend and be construed to extend to this present Act, and shall operate and be in force in respect to this Act, and the Purposes thereof, according to its true Meaning, as fully and ef* fectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers, Authorities,

[Loc. £2? Per."} 9 C Provisions,

746

Tublick Act

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things were patticularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

VI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, and taken to be a publick Ail, and shall be taken Notice ot as loch by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

A A \>V'A

S*t$«4*i n-i i*>r

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

4MHM(*4Mt*

OJ i. v 1

£#/>. 50.

An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for draining the Low Grounds and t Carrs lying in the several Parishes, Townshipsy and Places e/" Keyingham, Keyingham-Marsh, Ryhill and Camerton, Burftwick and Skeck-ling, Burton-Pidfea and Ridgmont, Ottringham, Halfham, Owftwick, Roofs, Rimfwell, Tunstall, Waxholme, Elfternwick, Lelley, Humbleton, Fit-ling, Hilfton, Garton, Albrough, Flinton, and Tan-sterne, within the Seigniory of Holderness, and Rajl Riding of the County of York; and to render more effectual the Drainage of all and ttngular the Lands and Grounds within the said several Parishes, Town-ships, and Places, and within all other Town ships, Hamlets, and Places within or Parcel or Member of the several Parishes mentioned, or any of them respectively.

[7th May 1802.]

\Lic. y Per.~\ 9 I)

WHEREAS

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

75°

82 Geo. 3,

repealed.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining the Low Grounds and Carrs lying in the several Parishes, Townfhps, and Places of Keyingham, Keyingham-Marsh, Ryhill and Camerton, Burll-wickandSkeckling, Burton Pidfeaand Ridgmont, Uttringham, Llaltham, Owftwick, Roofs, Rimfwell, TunfbtU, Waxholme, Elfternwick, Lelley, Humbleton, Fitling, Hilllon, Garton, Albrough, Hinton, and Tan erne, within the Seigniory of Holderness, and Erst Riding of the County of Y ork: And whereas by Reason of the vast Accretion of new Land between a certain Irtand or Place heretofore an Island in the River Humber called Sunk Island, and the Shores of the said Seigniory of Holderness, extending from a certain Place called No-Man’s-Friend for several Miles towards the River Humber, and now amounting to several thousand Acres; and by Reason of the great and continual Increase of M.ud and Wa p in the said ancient Channel, the Clough erected and built in pursuance of the said recited Act at the aforesaid Place called No - Ma n's- Friend, and the said Channel, is now become so choaked, warped, and silted, as to be inadequate and insufficient for the discharging and running off the Waters of the said Low Grounds and Carrs from the said Clough into the said River Humber, and in a short Time will be wholly loll: And whereas the said Low Grounds and Carrs now are, and for some \ ears pall have been, subject to be overflowed with Water, so as to be wholly unfit for the Purposes of Agriculture, to the great Damage and Loss to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and to the Publick: And whereas there are very considerable Quantities of Land within the said several Parishes, Townships, and Places, amounting to Two thousand Acres and upwards, capable of receiving Benefit from the said Drainage, over and above the Quantity of Two thousand five hundred Acres comprised in the said Act; and the Drainage of all and singular the said Lands and Grounds is capable of being made complete and effectual by opening- a certain ancient Drain called Hall Bridge Drain, and discharging the Waters of the Low Grounds within certain of the said Parishes, Townships, and J^aces, through the said ancient Drain Called Hall Bridge Drain into the River Humber, through or near to a certain Place called He don Haven; and by makings Deviation from the said ancient Channel of.-Haven Ctilled Keyingham Haven, above and near to the aforesaid Place called No-Man’s-l riend, and discharging the Waters from the Remainder of the said Parishes, Townships, and Places into the said River Humber, at a certain Place called Stone Creek: And whereas when the Works of Lr :'n-agfe hereby intended to be made and done shall be completed, 'k may be expedient, and it would tend to the Improvement and better 'Cultivation of the several and respective Lands and Grounds, if the Couamulioners herein-after to be appointed were authorized to convey Cora, Lime, Coals, and’Other Goods, in Boats, upon certain Parts of the said Gifts ami Drains, subject to such Keltriftfons and Regulations as areherem-afjet bontaineo; but the fame cannot be efiefted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may beffenacted; and be it shafted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with rite Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, 'and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the "Authority'.of the fame. That the said recited Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of rbdRefgndf His present Majesty, and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and

[ - Things

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. f§t

Things therein contained, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, cease, determine, and become null and void to all Ihtents and Purposes, and shall be and is hereby from henceforth declared to be repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the Lands and t-mdstobt Grounds within the said several Parishes, Townships, and Plates of Key- diamed-in? bam and Sa/that/gl), Ryhill and Caret ton, Burjlwirk and S keck ling, Burton-Pidfea and Ridgmnt, OtMngbatn, Ha/Jhatn, Oitjlufkk, Roofs,

Rimfwell, Tunstall, Waxbolne, Elftertrwick, Letley Humble ton. Fitting, Hil-

Jion, Carton, Albrough, Fiinton, and TanJ/ernc, and within all arid singular Townships, Hamlets, and Places within or Parcel or Member of the several Parishes before mentioned, or any of them respectively, shall be drained, preserved, and improved by the Ways and Means, and by and under the several Powers and Authorities herein-after mentioned, provided, enacted, and contained.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Ihafl Person*ad-advance or disburse any Sum or Sums of Money for or towards the ob- Mam-jfto be taining of this Act, or for or towards making and executing any of the rfPail1 3 ' Works of Drainage, or other Purposes hereby intended, before any Tax "jVottbc! ntt authorized and directed to be charged and assessed by this Act shall be Kite, to oe alteflifd and collected, such Person and Person' shall be reimbursed and vu'me of this repaid all such Sum and Sums of Moi.ey, with lawful Interest, by the Att.

said Commissioners, by and out of ttie First Tax fir Assessment so to be charged, imposed, and collected by virtue of this Act; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to make and execute a good and valid Security and good and valid Securities, by Way of Mortgage, Assignment, or Pledge, of such First Tax or Alfeffmer t, to the Person or Persons who shall advance or disburse such Sum or bums of Money as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for the better and mote cffoftuhl Works ex.

Execution of this Act, all and singular the said Lands and Gr uhds V’j dr‘i whatsoever, and all and every Works, Clodghs, Cuts, and Drains 'ma le of Co «-under and by virtue of the said recked Act, or to be imt e undei and by of

virtue of this Act, and all and every Sew'efs, Drains, Walercour'eS,

Stocks, Tunnels, Bfnks, Dams, Engines, Works, Matters,1 and Things whatsoever as aforesaid, within the said Parities, Townships, and Places, shall, from and after the pi fling of this Act, be subject only to the Controul, Direction, Survey, Order, and Jurisdiction of thfe CommissioneTS herein-after appointed, and their Successors, and not to the Controul, Direction, Survey, Order, or jurisdiction of any Commission of Sewers whatsoever; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That VCilliam Sliekney of Ridgment, in CommifTioii-Holderness aforesaid, Robert Sliekney of Ky»iuif\ in '‘tfaerness aforesaid, and ers'

John Hall of Scarbrough, in the said County tp Fork, Gentlemen, and their Successors to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for carrying this Act, and the several Powers, Authorities, Directions, and Provisions heroin ihent o«ed, expTeffed, and contained, into Execution and Effect; and that AGs, Matters, and

Things

752

4-2° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

Things authorized or necessary to be done and executed by the said Commissioners, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the same shall be as valid and effectual as if such Acts, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all the said Commissioners, except where CWrKof otherwise directed and provided in and by this Act; and that by and out Conunifliomrt of the Monies to be raised by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, they u mc pa. . tjje j-gjj commissioners shall and may from Tithe to Time deduct and retain to themselves, and pay and allow each to the other and others of them, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be reasonable, as and for a Recompence and Remuneration for their Time. Trouble, and Expences respectively occupied, bestowed, and expended in and about the Execution of this Act.

For appoint-

VI. And be it further enacted, That when as often as any Commis-c5u'7ff.on- ^loner or Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of this Act, trs' shall die, or become incapacitated, or refuse to act in the Execution

of the Powers and Authorities hereby in him or them repoled, then the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall, and they and he are and is hereby required, within the Space of Oue Calendar Month next after the Death, Refusal, or Incapacity of such Commissioner or Commissioners shall be made known to them, or him, to cause publick Notice to be thereof given to the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be drained and improved, by publick Advertisement, to be inserted Twice at the lead in One or more Newspaper or Newspapers printed and published in the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull or the City of York, in case One or more such Newspaper or Newspapers shall be so printed and published, but if not, then in any other Newspaper or Newspapers circulated in the said Seigniory of Holderness; and also by Notices in Writing under the Hands of the said surviving or other Commissioners or Commissioner, to be publickly read in the several Parish Churches of the several Parishes wherein any of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be drained and improved do or shall lay, on a Sunday immediately after Divine Service, and afterwards to be affixed on the principal outer Doors of the said Churches; and in and by such Advertisements and Notices to summon and appoint the said Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds to meet at some convenient Place in the Town of Hedon, within the said Seigniory of Holderness aforesaid, on a Day and Time therein to be specified (which Day and Time shall be not less than Fourteen Days nor more than Twenty-eight Days after the giving such Notices as aforesaid), for the Purpose of electing some other Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Place or Stead of such Commissioner or Commissioners as shall die, or become incapacitated or refuse to act as aforesaid; at all and every of which Meeting and Meetings the surviving and remaining Commissioner or Coin-missioners, or the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners, shall attend with the Book of Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners herein-after directed to be made and kept, and shall therein en(er and set down the Style of such Meeting and Meetings, and the Names of the several Owners and Proprietors, or their Proxies, who shall attend at such Meeting and Meetings, and the Name of the Person for whom every such Owner or Proprietor shall vote to be a Commissioner for the Purposes aforesaid; and the Person for or in Favour of whom the greatest Number of Votes shall be given at any such Meeting shall be and he is

hereby

753

42° GEORGII 111. Cap. 50.

hereby declared to be a Commissioner for all and every the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes as if every such Person so elected and appointed had been originally named and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act; and in case it shall happen that any such surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall at any Timeor Times neglect or refuse, for any longer or greater Space of Time than One Calendar Month next after the Death or Refusal or Incapacity of any Commissioner or Commissioners shall be made known to them or him, to give such Notice, and fumtnon. appoint, and cause to be held such Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, or in case of the Death, Refusal, or Incapacity to act of all the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for any Five of the Owners or Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be drained and improved, having a Vote or Votes as herein after mentioned, to give or cause to be given such and the like Notice, and summon and appoint such Meeting and Meetings of the said Owners and Proprietors, as the said Commissioners or Commissioner are and is herein-before directed and required to do, and at every such Meeting and Meetings to proceed to the Election of a Coin-missioner or Commissioners, as the Case may be, in such and the like Manner and Form as is herein before directed to be done at any Meetings for the like Purposes directed to be fuminoned, appointed, and attended by the said Commissioners and their Clerk.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Bodies Corporate and Politick, and all and every other Person and Persons, who shall severally or jointly be seised or possessed in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right of his or their Wife or Wives, either in Law or Equity, for his, her, or their own Use and Benefit in Possession, of a Freehold, Copy-hold, or Customary Estate of Inheritance, or of an Estate for Life, or for fonie long Term of Years determinable on One or more Life or Lives, or holding any Lease under the Crown, or under any Archbishop, Bishop, Dean and Chapter, or Ecclesiastical Impropriator, Church, Hospital. College, or Corporation, of any Part of the said Lands hereby or intended in pursuance of this Act to be denominated Low Lands, containing at the lealt Forty Acres (excepting in respect of such Lands as are held at Rack Rent and no otheri, shall be deemed an Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors, for the Purpose of voting at any Meeting of Proprietors to be held under and by virtue of this Act in the Election of Commissioners as aforesaid, and making, ratifying, and confirming any Bye Law, Order, or other Proceeding of the said Commissioners; and all and every Person and Persons holding or possessing &s aforesaid Forty Acres of such Lands and Grounds, shall have, and is and are hereby empowered to give One Vote in every publick Meeting to be held for that Purpose in Manner aforesaid, which Vote may be given by the said respective Bodies Corporate and Politick, and Persons, either by themselves or by their Proxy or Proxies duly constituted under the Seal of the respective Bodies Corporate and Politick, and under the Hand or Hands of ali other Owners and Proprietors, and such Vote or Votes by Proxy shall be as good and sufficient to all Intents and Purposes as if such Principal or Principals had attended such Meeting and voted in Person; and any Bodies Corporate and Politick, and other Person and Persons who shall be so seised or possessed as aforesaid of more than Forty Acres of such Lands and Grounds as aforesaid, shall for every Forty Acres thereof have Li-

[Lcc. Sy Per.3 9 E berty,

Proportion of Property en- . titling a Pro* prietor to a Vole.

754

Two or more Owners of Lands less than Forty Acres, may join in making and voting by a Proxy.

Commissioners to act upon Oath.

Oath.

First and ether Meetings of Commissioners.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

berty, and are hereby empowered by him, her, or themselves, or by h her, or their Proxy or Proxies constituted as aioreiuid, to give One Vote.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Owners of any Part or Parts of the Low Lands to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall not be separately and individually seised and polleHed as afnre-said of Forty Acres of such Lands, then it shall and may be lawful to and for any and every Two or more of such Owners polIeHing together Forty Acres or upwards, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint One of their own Number to vote and aft in any such Meeting of Owners and Proprietors to be held for the Purposes of this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person nominated and appointed a Commissioner as herein-before mentioned, or to be elected, chosen, or appointed under or by virtue of the Powers, Directions, and Authorities of this Act, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (except in the aaminillering the following Oath or Affirmation), until he shall have first taken and subscribed the Oath (or being of the People called Shtakers, the Affir-mation) following; that is to say

‘ T Do swear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do so'emnly 1 affirm]] That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according ‘ to the belt of my Skill and judgement, execute the several Powers and ‘ Authorities veiled and reposed in me as a Commissioner, i:i and by an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the ‘ Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this y/c7] without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to any Person or Persons whotnsoever.

, ‘ So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation any One of the said Commissioners is hereby authorized and required to administer to the other or others of them, ar any Meeting or Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act; and shall be written and entered in the Bock of Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners herein after directed to be kept, and shall be subscribed by the Person and Persons taking or making the lame; and a Caption or Certificate at the Foot thereof shall be and is hereby required to be subscribed by the Commissioner, by and before whom such Oath or Affirmation shall be taken or made.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall meet together at some Publick House in Hedon aforesaid, within One Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act, or as loon after as conveniently may be, and shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers hereby in them reposed, and llrall adjourn to such Time and Place as they the said Coimnifiioners shall think most convenient for the Purposes of this Act; and they or any Two of them shall afterwards meet and adjourn from Time to Time in such Manner and to such Time and Place as to them or any Two of them shall seem most convenient for the Purposes aforesaid; and if it shall happen that a sufficient Number of the said (L inmissioners shall not appear at any adjourned Meeting, or at y other Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to act or adjourn, then the said Commissioners shall appoint a Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held

at

755

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

at some Publick House at Hedon aforesaid, in pursuance of Notice to be given by the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the Market Cross at Hedon aforesaid, or some other publick. and conspicuous Place there, Seven Days at lead before such Meeting shall be held; and all and every Meeting and Meetings of the said Commissioners to be held in pursuance of such Notice, shall and may be adjourned in like Manner as is herein-before directed with respect to the said First and other Meetings of the said Commissioners.

XI. And be it further enacted, That at any Meeting of the said Com- CommiOion-missioners to be held in pursuance of this Act, they the said Commis- onters^and sioners shall and they are hereby empowered to make Orders and give appoint Of-Directions for the making, executing, and maintaining the Works of htt;rs, sur-

O' 07 o _ vcvors, Slid

Drainage, and other the Purposes hereby intended; and from Time to Engineers. Time to appoint such Engineer and Engineers, Surveyor and Surveyors,

Clerk and Clerks, Receiver and Receivers, Collector and Collectors, and all other Officers, Agents, and Servants whatsoever, as they the said Commissioners shall think necessary, for all and every the Purposes intended by this Act; and from Time to Time to change and displace all such Engineers, Surveyors, Clerks, Receivers, Collectors, Officers, Agents, and Servants, when and as they ffiail fee Cause; and all and every such Receiver and Receivers, Collector and Collectors, or other Officers or Agents, who shall be entrusted with the Receipt or Payment of any Money to be received or paid under or by virtue of this Act, or the Powers and Authorise. herein contained, shall give good and sufficient Security to the said Commissioners for the due and faithful Execution of their several and respective Offices, and Trulls in them reposed; and the said Commissioners shall and may, by and out of any Monies which shall come to their Hands by virtue of this Act, pay and allow unto all such Engineers, Surveyors, Clerks, Receivers, Collectors, Officers, Agents, and Servants, such reasonable Sum and Sums of Money, Salaries, and Remunerations for their Trouble and Services respectively, as they the said Commissioners shall order and appoint.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk, Receiver, officers to Collector, Officer, Agent, or >ervant, who shall be employed in the ac=pU"‘,11*tn^ Receipt or Payment of any Monies under or by virtue of, or in or about b; committed the Execution of this Act, shall from Time to Time, when required by to Gaol, the said Commissioners, or any One of them, produce and shew unto the

laid Commissioners, or any One of them who shall require the fame, a true and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively collected and received, and to whom and for what Purposes the fame or any Part thereof shall have been paid and disbursed, with proper Vouchers for all such respective Payments and Uilburfements; and shall also, when thereunto required by the said Commissioner, field and deliver up unto them the said Commissioners, or any Person appointed by them to receive the lame, such fair and true and perfect Accounts in Writing as aforesaid, and all and every Books, Papers, Writings, Property and Effects of the said Commissioners, or which shall relate to the Execution of this Act, which shall be in the Hands, Custody, or Power of such Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Officer,

Agent, or Servant, and also all proper and necessary Vouchers and Receipts for ali such Payments and Disbursements as shall appear in his said . . Accounts,

7 56

Commissior. ci s to direct Works of Drainage.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5o.

Accounts, and shall pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners, o r any PeTfon appointed by them, all such Sum and Sums of Money as upon the Balance of such Accounts shall appear to be due and owing to the said Commissioners, or otherwise remaining in the Hands of such Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Officer, Agent, or Servant; and in case any such Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Officer, Agent, or Servant, shall, after such Request or Demand, refuse or neglect to produce and shew such Accounts and Vouchers, or to yield and deliver up such Books, Papers, Writings, Receipts, Vouchers, Property, and Effects, or to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as upon the Balance of such Accounts shall appear to remain in his or their Hands, it shall be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said East Riding of the said County of York, upon Information and Oath thereof made (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administeT), toiffuehis Warrant or Warrants, and cause such Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Officer, Agent, or Servant to be apprehended and brought before him and them, and there to proceed to enquire into the Matter aforesaid, by the Examination of Witnesses or otherwise; and in case any such Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Officer, Agent, or Servant, shall be then and there convicted of offending against this Act in any of the Matters aforesaid, either by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer), orby the Confession of the Party or Parties, such Justice fha!t commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the said East Riding, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they shall make and deliver such true and perfect Account as aforesaid, or deliver up such Books, Papers, Writings, Receipts, Vouchers, Property, and Effects so in their Custody or Possession, or pay the Sum or Sums of Money which shall, upon the Balance of such Account, appear to be due and owing to the said Commissioners, or otherwise remaining in his or their Hands, as the Case may happen to be.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered from Tune to Time to dtain and cause to be drained, preserved, and improved, all the Lands and Grounds in and by this Act directed and intended to be drained, pie-served, and improved, by all reasonable and expedient Ways and Means whatsoever; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Cormnissioners, their Agents, Workmen, and all Persons whomsoever employed or to be employed by them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to repair, amend, dress, scour, , and cleanse all or any of the Cuts, Drains, Darns, Banks, Tunnels, Stocks, Shuttles, and other Works of Drainage already made and done, < r to be made and done in pursuance of the said former Act and this Act; and also from Time to Time to deepen, change, turn, alter, and vary all and every such Works of Drainage and Improvement of the said Lancs and Grounds, or any of them, as Occasion shall be or require; and also to repair, support and maintain a certain Dam or Rampatt, erected, and built against the Sea at a certain Place called Sand-!e-7ncrc, in the said Parish of Yunjlall; and also to support, repair, enlarge, and maintain all the Bridges and other Works erected and built in pursuance of the said Act; and also to make or cause to be made and maintained all such new and other Cuts, Drains, Panks, Dams, Ditches, Stocks, Tunnels,

Bridges,

j.20 GEORGII III. Gap. 50.

157

Bridges, and Works, as the said Commissioners shall from Time to fi ime deem necessary and think proper to be made, done, and executed, for the draining, preserving, and improving the said Lands and Grounds, within, upon, or through the said Lands and Grounds, every or any Part thereof; and also to open, widen, deepen, dress, l'cour, and enlarge the-said ancient Drain called Hall Bridge Drain, in the Par ill) or "/faieUas* Township of Burjluuick and Skeckluig aforesaid, unto a certain Place in to Helen Ha-Murjlwick Ings, in or near to the Lands of Edward Conjlablt Esquire, or so much and such other Part of the said Drain as the said Commissioners shall judge necessary; and from such Part of the said ancient Drain as the said Commissioners shall d.sem tnofl convenient, to make, dig, and cut a new Channel, Cut,- or Drain, of sufficient Width, Depth, and Capacity, in a Weiterly Direction, in and through the Lands of the said Edward Conjiable, and of William Ivefon, John Burjlall, Elizabeth Broad ley,

*nd William Car Hell, unto the Turnpike Uc^id leading from Hedon to Pat-trington, and across the said Turnpike Road, and the ancient Drain ad-joinining-thereto, and in and through the Lands of the said William Ivefon, the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of Hedon aforesaid, William Mit-chinfon, and fames Shew Williamson, into the said Haven called Hedon Haven, at or near to a certain Clough within the Lordship or Parish of Preston in Holderness aforesaid, called New Field Clough, and there to make, ered, build, and maintain such other Clough or Cloughs, and other Works and Engines, as the said Commissioners shall deem necessary in and about the discharging, running off, and issuing the Waters of the said new Channel, Cut, or Drain into the aforesaid Haven called Hedon Haven; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make and do all such other Works of Drainage as shall be necessary for the draining, preserving, and improving all the Lands and Grounds which anciently have drained, or are by this Act intended to be drained by the said ancient Drain called Hall Bridge Drain, or by the said intended new Cut.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Fcrfccuring Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make and conflruft Lands in Hi. the said last-mentioned new Cut or Drain, and the Embankments from'being thereof, of such Capacity and Dimensions as shall secure the Lands and overflowed, Grounds in the Parishes of Hedon and Preston aforesaid from being vidl/gforth^ flooded by any Breaches in or Overflowings of the said Banks and Drains, Drainage and also by Tunnels, Shuttles, or other Devices in and through the Banks therco‘-

of the said Cut or Drain, to provide for the draining and issuing of the Waters of the said Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Hedon into and through the said new Cut or Drain.

XV. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Persons who are Commission. or shall be the acting Commissioners for the Haven of Hedon aforesaid, to Haven to* put, place, and maintain such Shuttles, Tunnels, or other Devices, as placeShut-shall be necessary in and through the South Bank of the new Cut or taki’n^Water Drain, last above-mentioned, for the Purpose of taking Water from the into aid said Cut or Drain into the said Haven, for scouring and cleansing the fame, at all seasonable Times; such Shuttles, Tunnels, and Devices, to or Drain, be made and constructed by some able Engineer, to be appointed by the said Commissioners.

[Loc. Ssf Per.-\

9F

75&

For making a new Cut and Sluice at Stone Creek.

Directing the Diinenlions of the Drains from Stone Creek to Roofs Bridge, and Onvft-nvick Carr Cate.

Commissioners may agree vkn Proprietors of Lands to be used for the Purposes cf this Act.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to make and maintain a good and sufficient new Cut or main Drain, from some convenient Part of the said ancient Drain called Keying/}am Ha-ben, at or near Salthaugh Grange, in the parish of Keyingham aforesaid, to extend from thence in, through, and over the Lands of the said Edward Conjiable, called Cherry Cob Sands, and the Lands of the Governors of the Charity for the Relief of the poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, unto and into the River Humber, at or near an ancient Creek or Haven, called Stone Creek; and also to make, erect, build, rebuild, support, and maintain One or more good and sufficient Clough or Cloughs, Sluice or Sluices, or other Works, Engines and Devices, at or near the said Creek or Haven called Stone Creek, for the draining, running off, issuing, and discharging the Waters of the said Cuts and Drains into the said River Humber, and preserving and improving the said Lands and Grounds; and also to dig, take, and carry away any Quantity or Quantities of Earth, Clay, Sand, Gravel, or Stone, requisite and convenient for the Purpose of making and repairing any Banks, Dams, Mounds, Headings, Cloughs, Bridges, Paths, Ways, Roads, and other Works, in, upon, or from the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons adjoining or lying near to any such Works, they the said Commissioners doing as little Damage as may be in the Premises, and making reasonable Satisfaction to the Owner and Owners of such Lands and Grounds respectively as herein-after is mentioned and provided.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Cloughs, Sluices, Dams, Banks, Cuts, Drains, and other Works directed by this Act to be made and constructed, and the several ancient Cuts and Drains hereby directed, authorized, and intended to be deepened, widened, enlarged, turned, varied, and improved, shall be made, set out, and constructed by the Advice and under the Direction of William Chapman of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Civil Engineer, or some able and experienced Engineer; and that the several new and ancient Cuts and Drains leading and extending from the said Clough or Sluice at Stone Creek into and through the said several Parishes or Townships of Keyingham, Ryhill, Burjtwiek, Hal-sham. Burton-Pid/ea, and Roofs, shall be made and constructed of the few veral Widths, Depths, and Capacities at the lead, as the said William Chapman hath specified and directed in his Report on the Drainage of the said Lands and Grounds, dated the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby inverted with full Power and Authority to agree with the Proprietors of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which they the said Commissioners shall judge necessary or expedient to be cut, digged, pulled down, or otherwise made Use of for the Purposes of, or which may be liable to be damaged in the Execution of this Act, for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or for the Recompence to be made to such Proprietors and Persons interested, for the Damage they may sustain for any eventual Injury that may arise to their Property by the Execution of any of the Powers contained in this Act; and also to settle, ascertain, and determine in what Proportion and Manner the Sum or Sums so agreed on for such Purchase

or

759

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

or Reconipence shall be paid to the several Persons interested in the aforesaid Premises; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique,

Trulls, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, entitled, or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to contract for, fell, and convey, assign and surrender unto the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Purposes aforesaid, or to agree with the said Commissioners for any Recompence to be made for the Damage which may from Time to Time be done to any such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, in carrying this Act into Execution; and all such Contrails, Sales, Conveyances, Agreements, Assignments, Surrenders, and Assurances, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, are hereby indemnified 'for what they or any of them shall do in the Premises in pursuance of this Act; but if it shall happen that any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Col- But in cases legiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons interested or con- jury de!’ cerned as aforesaid, shall for the Space of Fourteen Days after Notice in termine. Writing, signed by the said Commissioners, and given to the principal Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at his, her, or their respective last known Place or Places of Abode, or at the House of the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Commissioners, or by any Reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners are hereby empowered from Time to Time to issue out their Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals to the Sheriff of the County, Riding, or Place, wherein the Matter in Question shall be, or if such Sheriff shall be immediately interested in such Matter, then to One of the Coroners of such County, Riding, or Place, commanding such Sheriff or Coroner to impannel, summon, and return a Jury, for the Purposes herein-after mentioned; and the said Sheriff or Coroner is hereby required accordingly sheriff or Co. to impannel, summon, and return Twenty-four Men, qualified accord- ro,'r ing to the Laws of this Realm, to be returned for Trials of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, in order that out of them a Jury of Twelve Men may be sworn, to examine touching the Matters in Question; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at such Time and Place, the said Sheriff or Coroner shall return other honest and indifferent Men that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, being qualified as aforesaid, to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve, and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time,

76o 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before them all such Persons as shall bethought necessary to be examined as Witnesses touching the Matters in Question, and the said Commissioners may, on Application in Writing of the Parties, order and authorize the said Jury, or any Six or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matters in Controversy; which Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oath or Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence as aforesaid, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to administer), shall esquire of, aflfefs, and ascertain the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the Recompence to be made for the Damages that may or shall be sustained as aforesaid, and to settle, ascertain, and determine in what Proportion and Manner the Sum or Sums so assessed shall be paid to the several Persons interested in the Premises, and the said Commissioners shall give Judgement for such Purchase Monies or Recompence so to be assessed by such Jury or Juries; which said Verdict, and the Judgement thereupon pronounced by the Commissioners, shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties, Radies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all other Persons whomsoever.

Pen*/tv on

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Sheriff or

Sheriff or Co- Under Sheriff, or Coroner, shall make Default in the Premises, every iecting°o nfg such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Coroner shall, for every such Offence, forfeit <eiio° and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds and not less than Five *nd on jury- Pounds; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid on mm and Wit- such jury shall not appear (except for some reasonable Excuse),or appearing neflis. shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give or shall not

give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or if any Person ip summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or to affirm, or to be examined and give Evidence, every Person so offending respectively, having no reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the said Commissioners, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds upon any One Person for any One Offence.

Verdicts and

XX. And be it further enacted, That all the Agreements, Contrafts, he recorded*° Sales, and Conveyances, and also all Verdicts and Judgements which shall be made and given in relation to any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid (such Vtrdifts and Judgements being signed by the said Commissioners who shall be present at the taking of such Inquest), shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the Riding or Place wherein such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are situate, who is hereby required to receive and to give his Receipt to the said Commissioners for the fame, and shall lodge and deposit the said Originals amongst the Records of the Court of Quarter Sessions of or for such Riding or Place, and the fame, or a true Copy thereof, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all Persons shall have full Liberty to inspect the fame, and take Copies thereof, at all seasonable Hours, upon paying for such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling, and for every such Copy, not exceeding One hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Words.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Verdict shall be given for a greater Sum or Recompence than shall have been offered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners, before the funnnoning of any such Jury, for or in respect of any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Recompence for Damages as aforesaid, all the Expences of such Jury and Witnesses attending in consequence thereof, and of the taking such Inquest, shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act; but if any Verdict shall be given for no more or a less Sum than what shall have been so previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case such Expences shall be paid by the Owners of or Persons interested in the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises in Question, and shall and may in that Cafe be deducted out of the Sum to be paid to them by the said Commissioners.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Sum or Upon Pay-Sums of Money so affeflfed and adjudged as aforesaid to the Person or sujManwji Persons to whom the same shall be so adjudged, for the Purchase of such ed, convey-Lands, Tenements, of Hereditaments as aforesaid, or for the Purchase of ,"acJestobe any Estate or Interest: therein, such Person and Persons shall, at the Cods' of the said Commissioners, make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal Grants, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments, and Assurances in the Law, to the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for them, of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, or of such Estate or Interest for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so adjudged; and shall at the like Costs procure all necessary Parties to execute such Grants, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments, and Assurances, and shall do all Acts, Matters, and Things necessary and requisite to make and derive a good, clear, and per-fest Title thereto, to the said Commissioners, for effecting the Purposes hereby intended; and such Grants, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments, and Assurances, shall contain all such reasonable Purchase and usual Covenants as shall on the Part of the said Commissioners be re- Momei Ca/cj quired; and in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of be paid Money shall be adjudged as aforesaid, shall after such Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged as aforesaid (after such Deduction as aforesaid, as the ia,j. ° *s Cafe may happen), shall be produced and tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, retufe to execute or procure to be executed such Grants, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments, or Assurances as aforesaid, or shall refuse to accept or receive the same, being tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, or in case any such Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid shall be so adjudged cannot be found in the said East Riding of the County of York, or at his, her, or their known and accustomed Place of Abode within England (in case such Person or Persons have any such Place of Abode), or in case that by reason of Disputes or Suits depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Defeat of Evidence, it shall not appear to the said Commissioners what Person or Persons is or are entitled to make Conveyance by virtue of this Act, of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises in Question, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order the said Sum or Sums (o assessed and adjudged, as the Amount of the Purchase Money of or for the said Lands, Tenements, Heredita-

[Loc. Sj5 Per.'} 9 G ments,

761

Directing how the Expences ot Junes and Witnesses shall be paid.

762

4 2° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

merits, and Premises, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Acouncant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the said Commis-W'othe sioners, subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said the Counof Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Appli-Chanccry. cation of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums

of Money, or any Part or Parts thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order Distributign thereof according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereto, and to make such other Order in the Premises with respect to Colts or otherwise as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Caftiiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Slim and Sums is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for the fame, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is dr are received, to such Person ss shall pay any Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforesaid; and such Receipt or Receipts shall be filed and certified in like Manner as is usual on Payments made into the Bank in the Name of the Accountant General under Orders of the Court of Chancery.

ment

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That immediately after such Ver-

1*111 chafe dists, Judgements, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries tU°toVeit i* summoned and impannelled as aforesaid, and Payment into the Bank of the commit England as aforesaid, and after such Receipt of Receipts of the said tioner*. Cashier or Caftiiers shall be given and filed as aforesaid, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand at Law and in Equity, of all and every such Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustee and Trustees, Feoffee and Feoffees, and their Cestuique Trulls, and to all and every other Person and Persons whatsoever, in, to, and out of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Pfc-mises to be purchased as aforesaid, shall vest in the said Commissioners, upon the 'Vrufts and for the Purposes of this Act, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession and Seisin thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person or Body having an Estate or Interest in the Premises had been adult, and without Impediment, and had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale, inrolled Feoffment, with Livery of Seisin, Fine, Common Recovery, Surrender, or any other Conveyance or Afforance whatsoever x and such Payment lhaAl bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, an,d Demand of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons having any Estate or Interest in the fame Premises, and particularly shall extend and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Periba and Persons, and all Estates Tail! and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the Issue and Issues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as fully and effectually as Fines or Common Recoveries would do if levied or fullered by the Parties interfiled, and Inch Parties had been adult and without Impediment.

Conveyance*

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Grants, Bar-led in the " gains, Sales, Conveyances, Alignments, and Surrenders made or to be Kegittei of- made in pursuance of this Act, whereby any Estate or Title in or to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall pass to or become veiled in

the

763

42° GEORGII lit. Cap. 50.

the said Commissioners, or to or in any Person or Persons in Trust for them, shall be inrolled in the Register Office appointed for the registering of Deeds, Wills, and Conveyances of or affecting the Title to Lands and Hereditaments in the East Riding of the said County of York, which Inrolment shall and may be seen and inspected, and Copies taken, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, during the Hours and after the Rates and Prices used and accurtomed in the said Office; a Copy of which said Inrolment certified by and under the Hand of the Register for the said East Riding, or his Deputy, shall be received and admitted as Evidence in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law or Equity.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be contraified Directing and agreed or adjudged and awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers Money of this Adtfor the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Cor- to

porate. Collegiate, or Ecclesiastic, Tenant for Life or in Tail, Trustee, Awards. Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the said Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing and being settled therewith, or the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be fa applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Wills,

Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be lb purchased and taken, and used for the Purposes of this Act, flood and were settled and limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto made as aforesaid be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the; Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

764.

Dir-ctinj Application cf Purchase Money, where It ft than ico A and exceeding aoA

Directing Applicaiion of Purchase Money not exceeding aoA

Respecting

Conveyances by Femes Covert.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. so.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so contracted and agreed or adjudged and awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or uled for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Body Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastic, Tenant for Life or in Tail, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Surn of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purctiafed, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in Cafes of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be named by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved by the said Commissioners, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified by Writing under the Hands of (he said nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Cafes shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so contracted and agreed or adjudged and awarded to be paid as lait before mentioned shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit; or in Cafes of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surrender or Conveyance of any Ellate or Interest of any Femes Covert to the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, by Indenture or Indentures of Bargain and Sale, sealed and delivered by such Feme Covert in the Presence of and attelled by Two credible Witnesses, and duly acknowledged and inrolled in the Regitler Office established for registering: Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills affecting Freehold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said East Riding of the County of York. within Six Calendar Months next after the making and executing thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and interest of such Femes Covert in the Premises as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Assurance by Matter of Record could or would do if levied, suffered, and executed in due Form of Law; and further, that all Deeds and Indentures of Bargain and Sale whatsoever to be made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments whatsoever purchased, taken, or used by virtue or under the Powers of or for the Purposes of this Act, inrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like Force, Eti'ed, and Operation in Law, to

7 65

42° GEORGII III. Cap. so.

all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as Deeds or Indentures of Bargain and Sale duly inrolled in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Ivejl-minster, and as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever would have had, if levied or suffered by the Bargainor or Bargainors in such Deeds or Indenruies, or any Person or Persons seised of any ERate in the Premises in Trust for or to the Use of such Bargainor or Bargainors, in any legal Manner or Form whatsoever.

XXIX. And whereas feme Part or Parts of the Land', Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased by the said Commissioners under or by virtue of the Powers and Authorities of this Act, may happen to be more than may be necessary to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act; and it may be expedi'-nt in certain Cafes for the avoiding the Charge and Expence of making Bridges or otherw fe, that the said Commissioners should purchase and should be authorized to purchase greater Quantities of Land than what may be absoltitely necessary to be dug, cur, covered, or occupied by the Works of Drainage hereby directed to be made; be it therefore further enacted, that in all Cafes wheTe in the Judgment of the said Commissioners it shall seem expedient, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, under the several Powers and Authorities herein-before contained, to contract for and purchase any Parcel or Parcels, Quantity or Quantities of Land, in, through, or over which the Cuts or Dra ns hereby di efted and intended to be made shall go or pass, or which shall or may be separated and divided, or be liable to be lepa-rated and divided by the said Cuts and Drains, and all and every the Powers and Authorities herein-before contained, enabling the said Commissioners to purchase, acquire, and receive Conveyances of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall extend and be construed to extend to all tile Cafes hereby intended; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to sell and dispose of all such Lands, Pieces and Parcels of Land and Hereditaments, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the fame; and to make and execute, sign, seal, and deliver, good, valid, and effectual Grants, Bargains, Sales, Releases, Surrenders, and other Conveyances end Assurances in the Law, of all or any Part or Parts of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to such Person and Persons as shall contract for and purchase the same as aforesaid; and to give good, valid, and sufficient Receipts, Acquittances, and Discharges, to all and every such Purchaser and Purchasors for the several and respective Sums so to be contracted and agreed for as and for the Purchase Money of the fame Hereditaments and Premises; and in the mean Time and until such Sale or Salts, they the said Commissioners shall and may let and demise the fame Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to any Tenant or Tenants, for such Rent or Rents, Sum or Sums of Money, as to them the said Commissioners shall seem reasonable and proper; and all Monies to be received by the said Commissioners f r the Sale and Purchase of the fame Lands and Tenements, and for the Rents and Occupation thereof, shall be applied by them the said Commissioners to and for the Purposes of this Act.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall first offer to re-lell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and in case such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse or decline to re-purchase the [Loc.&Fer.] 9 H fame,

Em powering the C ircnil-fiuftcJV dif-p fc of any Lands not iv<uutd for . ihe Pui poles of this /icL

Ci mmission-cn> before they re- fell an> Linds to rruke the first- Oder to the Persons from whom pur.haled.

766

€n« Commissioner may of«n the Doors of any Clough.

Where

Ditches are fi led up. Fences 10 be made.

Where the Passage of any Road is obstruded. Bridges to be made-

Banks to be kept as Corn-mdlioners Xbali direct.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

fame, any Affidavit, to be made and sworn before a Mailer Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said East Riding of *he County of York, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, dating that such Offer was made by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused or declined by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to, or was re fused or declined by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any One of the said Commissioners, and he is hereby empowered from Time to Time, whenever upon his own View it shall appear necessary or proper, to open the Door or Doors of any Clough, Sluice, Shuttle, Staunch, or other Engine erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act, and to keep the fame open as long as he shall see proper, for the Purpose of admitting, retaining, or discharging Water, or for any Purpose or Expedient whatsoever intended by this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as it shall be found necessary or expedient in or about the Execution of this Act to fill up any Ditch or Ditches used for a Fence or Fences to any Lands or Grounds, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to order and procure sufficient Chiickfet Fences to be made and planted, and guarded by good and sufficient Posts and Rails, or such ether good and sufficient Fence or Ftnces as they shall think proper, and order and direct, in the Place or Stead of the Ditch or Ditches so filled up, and in such Manner as that the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds adjoining thereto may suffer no Damage by the filling up of such Ditch or Ditches.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if by the making any of the Cuts, Drains, or other Works to be made and executed under and by virtue of this Act, the Passage of any public or private Road, or the Way or Passage of any Person or Persons to his, her, or their Lands, Grounds, and Premises, with or without Cattle and Carriages, shall be prevented or obstructed, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, in every such Case, before or immediately after such Works shall be completed, by and out of the Affoffments and Taxes to be made by virtue of this Act, to cause all proper and necessary Bridges to be built, and for ever hereafter to be supporred, repaired, and maintained, for the convenient Passage of all Person*, Cuttle, and Carriages as aforesaid, as such Cases respectively shall require; and also to cause all Bridges whatsoever erected, built, and maintained, by the Commissioners acting under the Powers and Authorities of the said former Act, to be maintained, supported, and repaired from Time to-Time in such Manner as the said Commissioners under the said former Act would or ought to have done, and as the Bridges to be creeled and built by this Act are directrd and intended to be maintained, supported, and repaired.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Banks of the several Cuts and Drains made or to be made under or by virtue of the Powers and Authorities of the said former and this Act, and which are or shall be by-the said Commissioners denominated Main Drains, shall

-bshl'? from

767

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

from Time to Time for ever hercafier be kept up, supported, and maintained, <?f such Length, Breadth, and Dimensions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, and shall not upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever be dug, cut, ploughed, or broken by any Person or Persons whomsoever, except for the eretting and placing of any nccdliiry Fence or Fences of Pods, Rails, Plank, or other Surface Fencing, save only by the said Commissioners, their Agents, Servants, and Workmen, or by or under the Authority of any Order or Orders of the said Caimnissioners; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to order and licence Tunnels, Shuttles, and other Works, to be placed in and through the fame Banks, when and where the same shall be necessary, for the Purpose of draining and discharging the Waters from the adjoining Lands into the said Main Drains, and the lame Funnels, Shuttles, and other Works to take up, remove, alter, and vary, or cause to be taken up, removed, altered, and varied, from Time to Time, as they the said Commissioners shall feeCause; and also to make,credit, and place all necessary and sufficienc Gates in and through any Fence or Fe ces to be set and placed upon or over the said Banks by the Owners or Occupiers of any of the adjoining Lands and Grounds, for the Purpose of admitting the said Commissioners, their Agents and Servants, to pass and repass upon the Banks of the said Main Drains at all Times, and with Horses or Carriages, for all or any of the Purposes of tins Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Out ring and Division Drains, Dikes, and Ditches within the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be drained and improved, and all and Angular Drains, Sewers, Streams, and Watercourses whatsoever within all and every of the Parishes, Townships, and Places aforesaid, shall from Time to Tune, and at all Times for ever hereafter, be made, kept, and maintained of such Widih, Depth, and Capacity, and such Bridges, Stocks, Tunnels, and Shuttles be placed in and over the fame, and also in and through the Banks of the said Drains, Dikes, and Sewers, as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint, by the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers of the ieverai Lands and Grounds adjoining thereto, or other Person or Persons, who of Right ought to make, keep, maintain, and do the fame; and in case any such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or ocher Person or Persons, shall neglect or refuse to make, keep, or maintain such his, her, or their Out-ring and Divinon Drains, Dikes, and Dicches, Sewers, Drains, Streams, or Watercourses, or which or such Part or Parts thereof as he, she, or they ought by Right to make, keep, or maintain, of such Width, Depth, and Capacity, and to place in or over the fame respectively, or in cr through the Banks thereof, such Bridges, Stocks, Tunnels, or Shuttles, as the said Commissioners shall order and direct as aforesaid, for the Space or Fourteen Days next after Notice of such Order and Direction in Writing under the Hand of any One of the said Commissioners, or of the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners, shall be given to or left at the Dwelling House or last known Place of Abode of such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any One of them, with Workmen, Cattle, and Carriages, when the same shall be necessary, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of every such Owner or Occupier, or ocher Person as aforesaid, and cause all and every the said Out-ring or Division Drains, Dikes, Ditches, Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, Bridges, Stocks, Tunnels, and Shuttles, to be made, completed.

Tunnels to be

placed through the Bank*.

Out.ring and Livilion Ditches and Drains to be kept a. Commimon-erb direct.

PenaTrjVn Pe Tons neg-Icthin^ to obey Inch Di' red 1 ions.

768 42° GEORGII III. Cap.- -50.

pleted, and done, according to the Intent and Meaning of such Ordef, Direction, and Notice as aforesaid; and by any Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, to authorize and empower the Clerk or Collebbr to the said Commissioness, or any other Person or Persons, to levy the Money paid and expenoed in and about the making, doing, and completing thereof, together with the Charges of levying and recovering thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of futh Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, where!'ever the same shall or tr,3y be found, return* ing the Overplus of such Monies, if any shall remain after all the Charges of such levying, Didrcfs, and Sale are deduced, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

Drams and

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the Out-ring

Ditches to be and Division Drains, Dikes, and Ditches within the said Lands and

weeueu, &<-. Grounds, and the Banksthereof, andail and singular the said Sewers, Drains, Streams, and Watercourses within all the said Parishes, Townships, and Places respectively, and all the Bridges, Stocks, Tunnels, and Shuttles thereunto belonging and appertaining, shall from Time to Time be dreflf-ed, scoured, weeded, repaired, amended, and cleansed from all Ohflruc* tions. Impediments, and Annoyances whatsoever, by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Lmds and Grounds adjoining thereto, or such other Person or Persons who of right ought to do the fame, when and so often as the said Commissioners, or any one of them, on their or his View shall adjudge and determine the same to be ne-ctlfary; and in case any such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons, shall refuse or neglect to dress, feour, weed, repair, amend, and cleanse from Obdru&icns, Impediments, and Annoyances, any such his, her, or their Out-ring and Division Drains, Dikesj and Ditches, and the Banks thereof, Sewers, Drains, Streams, Water-courses, Btidges, Stocks, Tunnels, dr Shuttles, for the Space of Five Days next after he, file, or they shall be thereunto required to do the fame, by any Note or Notice in Writing under the Hand of any One of the said Comm.ificners, and given to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons, or left at his, her, or their usual or Iaft known Place of Abode, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any One of them, with Workmen, Cattle, and Carriages, when and where the same shall be necessary for the Purposes herein mentioned, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of such Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers, and other Person and Per bns, and make and do, and cause to be made and done all such dr dim g, scouring, weeding, repairing, amending, and cleansing, and by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any One of them, to authorize and empower the Clerk or Collector to the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons svhomsoever, to levy the Cods, Charges, and Expences of the making and doing thereof by Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons, in like Manner as the said Commissioners are authorized to do in the Cafe or Cafes lad above mentioned.

For detrrmln-

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Doubt or DiTpute shall happen to arise as to what shall he deemed an Out-ring or Division

Siwcr, Drain, Dike, or Ditch, Sewer, Drain, Stream, or Watercourse.then, and in every such Case, whatsoever the said Cotnmidioners on view of the Premises shall adjudge and determine to be an Out-ring or Division Drain;

Dike,

769

44 GEORGII III. Cap. 50*

Dike, or Ditch, Sewer, Drain, Stream, or Watercourse, shall be deemed and taken to be an Out-ring or Division Drain, Dike, or Ditch, Sewer,

Drain, Stream, or Watercourse, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or obstructions any One of them, upon their or his own View, shall have full Power and ^Annoy-Authority, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered to re.-novtd.'C remove and cause to be removed all Obstructions, Annoyances, and Impediments from Time to Time in the said Cuts, Drains, and other Works.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted.That all and every Person and Persons For punishng who shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or maliciously cut, throw

down, burn, or otherwise damage or destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, damaging the Floodgate, Clough, Sluice, Dam, or other Work, Engine, or Device what- Wurks-soever, set up, erected, or built by or by the Order and Direction of the said Commissioners, or llop, dam, spoil, or damage any Drain, Watercourse, Door, Bridge, Sluice, Shuttle, Tunnel, Stock, or other Works, or cause, commit, or occasion any Obstruction, Impediment, Hindrance, Nui-fance, or Annoyance therein, or in any of the Cuts and Drains already made or to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be adjudged and deemed to be guilty of a Misdemeanor; and all and every Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted in and before some competent Court, shall be subject and liable to the Pain, Penalty, and Punishment of Fine and Imprisonment only; and the Court or Courts by and before which such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have full Power and Authority to convict and punish him, her, or them accordingly.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons Persons riv-who, in any Examination upon Oath or Affirmation to be taken by virtue b-'"

of this Act shall give false Evidence before the said Commissioners, or any dremed guilty Justice or Justices of the Peace, or other Person authorized to take Exa- of Perjury, minations upon Oath, touching any Matter or Thing relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to such Pains, Pu-nishments, and Disqualifieations, as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

X LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- Conmission-roissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, with their Surveyors, En- [oemVron gineers, Clerks, Servants, Horses, and Carriages, to enter into and upon Lal,ds-.a*><1 all the Lands and Grounds within the said several Parishes, Townships, be^eem-and Places, and to take Levels, Surveys, Admeasurements, and other edi. w Remarks and Diltinftions thereof, and by such and all other lawful and La‘ld’ expedient Ways and Means to adjudge, determine, and appoint wffiat Lands and Grounds within the same several Farishes, Townships, and Places respectively, shall and ought to be deemed and taken to be Low Lands, and to contribute to the Charges and Expences of the said Drainage, and other Purposes intended by this Act; and to cause a full and and Schcauu* complete Map or Plan of all the fame Low Lands and Grounds to be ,0 be 1Iia‘‘c> made, expressing the Names of the several Owners, and Quantities in [Lee <3 Per.~] 9 I Acres,

77°

and be lodged with the Clerk to the said Coin mi ffioners.

Duplicates to be lodged with i he Clerk of the Peace.

Other Copies to be affixed on the C (lurch Dooi s.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

Acres, Roods, and Perches, of all the fame several Low Lands and Grounds in every such Parish, Township, and Place respectively, and to be signed by the said Commissioners, and the Surveyor appointed and employed by them for that Purpose; and also to cause Schedules to be made, expressing and shewing in Words and Figures the Names of the several Owners of the said Low Lands and Grounds, and the Quantity of Acres, Roods, and Perches of such Low Lands and Grounds of such several and respective Owners within each of the said several Par idles, Townships, and Places severally and respectively, and to cause such Schedules to be fairly written upon Parchment, and signed by the said Commissioners; which said Map or Plan and Schedules herein-before directed to be made, shall be lodged with the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners; and also to cause a Duplicate of such Map or Plan and Schedules, signed as aforesaid, to be lodged and deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace in and for the said East Riding of the said County of York> with the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy there, who is hereby required to receive and deposit the fame; and which laid Maps or Plans and Schedules, lodged and deposited as aforesaid, shall and may be inspected and perused at all seasonable Hours by any of the Owners or Occupiers of the said Low Lands and Grounds, upon paying the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection or Perusal; and also to cause Copies to be made of the said Schedules, fj far as the fame relate to each such respective Parish, Township, or Place, and signed and attested by the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners, to be put and affixed upon the principal outer Door of the respective Parish Churches within such Parishes, Townships, and Places respectively, on a Sunday immediately before or during Divine Service, at lead Six Weeks before the laying or imposing any Tax or Assessment under and by virtue of this Act; and in case any Person, Body Corporate, Politick, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastick, or other Person or Persons whomsoever. Owner or Owners of any Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments within the said several and respective Parishes, Townships, or ('laces, shall think themselves, himself, or herself aggrieved by their, his, or her Lands or Grounds being comprized in the said Schedules, and adjudged to be Low Lands or Grounds, which have not been subject to be annoyed or damaged by Water, and which ought to be adjudged and deemed High Lands, it shall and may be lawful for such Body and Bodies Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastick, Person and Persons, to make their, his, or her Appeal or Appeals to the Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the said East; Riding, which shall be first held next after the putting up and affixing of such Copy or Copies of the said Schedules as aforesaid, causing Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such intended Appeal to be given to One or more of the said Commissioners, or to the Clerk of the said Commissioners j which said Court is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the several Questions in the Nature of an Appeal, whether tile lame Lands or Grounds are or ought to be adjudged or deemed High or Low Lands, and to award such Cods between the Parties as to the said Court shall l'eem reasonable, in case the Judgement, Determination, and Appointment of the said Commissioners shall appear to be unjust and of-preflive, or the several Appeals shall appear to be frivolous and vexatious; and the Decisions of the said Court shall in all such Cases be final and con-ciufive agpinil all such Parties, bodies Corporate, Collegiate, and Eccle-fiastick, and all Persons whomsoever, and shall be in rolled and recorded 1 by

42° GEORGII III. Cap. so. 771

by the Clerk of the Peace for the said East Riding in and among the Re* cords of the said Court, a true Copy of which Record, certified under the Hand of the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, and attested by the Oath of One credible Witness, shall be allowed and admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall hap- Copies of pen that the Copy or Copies of the said Schedules herein before directed ^muon the to be put up and affixed upon the principal outer Door of the several Church Parrlh Churches within the said several Parishes, Townships, and Places w«ksSb*fore as aforesaid, shall not be so put up and affixed Six Weeks at the least be- Sedions. fore the holding of the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said East Riding, that then the several Bodies Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastick, and other Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall or may be desirous of appealing against the Judgement, Determination, and Appointment of the said Commissioners, shall and may, upon Application to the said Court of Sessions, and upon Proof of the Premises, obtain and procure the Hearing and Determination of their several Appeals to be respited until the next following General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said East Riding, which said Respite the said Court is hereby authorized and required to grant.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That after the Expiration of the After the Ex-Term or Time herein-before granted and allowed for the making of the said Appeals, and after striking out of the said Maps or Plans and Sche- limited lor dules all such Lands and Grounds as shall on such Appeals be adjudged CoimnifHon-and determined to be High Lands and Grounds, they the said Commis- eistolaya lioners shall and may proceed to assess, tax, and charge all and singular Croft Tax j the said Low Lands and Grounds, and the Owners and Occupiers thereof, with such Gross Sum and Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time find necessary and requisite for defraying the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution; and to a,d propor-assess, rate, and charge every Owner and Occupier of the said Low Lands the fame and Grounds by an equal Acre Rate with such Share, Part, and Propor- ®e"J^tOwn-tion of such Gross Sum and Sums as shall be in proportion to the Number of Acres which each such Owner or Occupier hath or is reputed to have of and in the said Low Lands and Grounds, and the Share, Part, and Proportion of such Gross Sum so to be charged and assessed upon efery such Owner or Occupier in Manner aforesaid, shall be paid to the Clerk,

Collector, or Receiver for the Time being to the said Commissioners, at such Time and Times as they the said Commissioners shall order, direct, or appoint, they the said Commissioners causing Twenty-one Days No- andcause tice in Writing, under the Hand of the Clerk, Collector, or Receiver to the said Commissioners, of such Tax, or Assessment, and the Time or tfuicli Tax Times so to be ordered, directed, and appointed for Payment thereof, to tobe?iven be given to or left at the usual or last known Place of Abode of every Ir/ami o"* such Owner or Occupier of the said Low Lands and Grounds; and in cupieri. case any such Owner or Occupier of any such Lands and Grounds shall )'e0Cg. refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Part, Share, or Proportion of vered. such Gross Sum or Sums of Money so to be taxed, charged, and afieffed upon him, her, or them as aforesaid, on the Day and Time so to be ordered, directed, and appointed for Payment thereof, such Notice having

been

772

Co«miff!on-«rs to make a Valuation of the Lands intended to be drained.

When the

Diainage it completed, Commissioners to make a Second Valuation.

After Second Valuation, Lands to be taxed according to i heir actual Improvement.

42’georgii nn Cap. 50.

been given ro him, her, or them at aforesaid, or in case such Notice shall not have been duly given, then within the Space of Twenty-one Days from the giving and delivering of such Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to authorize and empower the Clerk, Collector, or Receiver for the Time being, or any other Person or Persons, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, to levy the Sum and Sums of Money so taxed, charged, and assessed, by Distress and Sale of any Goods and Chattels to be found upon the said Low Lands and Grounds, or upon any other Lands and Ground* of such respective Owner or Occupier within any of the said Parishes, Townships, and Places respectively, in such Manner as is hereinafter directed and authorized with respect to any Tax, to be taxed, charged, assessed, and levied in pursuance of this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the making and completing the said Surveys and Schedules, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to make a true and perfect Valuation of all the said I«ow Lands and Grounds in their present State; which Valuation so to be made shall be reduced into Writing, and signed by the said Commissioners, as shall make such Valuations, and shall be made use of by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and may be inspected by any of the Persons interested in any such Lands and Grounds at any Meeting of the Commissioners to be held in pursuance of this Act, without Fee or Reward.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That when, and as soon as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners the said intended Drainage, and all the Works necessary for effecting the fame, shall be perfected and completed, then the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required again to view and make a Second Valuation of all the said Lands and Grounds to be drained and improved by virtue of this Act in their then State; which Second Valuation shall also be reduced into Writing, and signed by the said Commissioners, and shall be made use of as such by the said Commissioners for the Purposes mentioned in this Act; and the said respective Valuations, when so made, may be inspected by any of the Persons interested in any of such Lands and Grounds, at any subsequent Meeting of the said Commissioners, without Fee or Reward.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That when, and as soon as such Second Valuation of the said Low Lands and Grounds shall have been made and perfected, so as that the real Improvement of the Lands and Grounds belonging to each Owner and Proprietor thereof by Means of the said Drainage, may be fully ascertained, by a Reference to and comparative View of such respective Valuations, the said Commissioners shall, by some Instrument in Writing under their Hands, express, fhevv, and set forth the Names of all and every the Owners and Proprietors, or reputed Owners and Proprietors of all and every Part of the said Low Lands and Grounds in all and every the said Parishes, Townships, and Places respectively; and the Quantity or Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches of or belonging to every such Owner or Proprietor, or reputed Owner or Proprietor, within every such Parish, Township, and Place respectively, with the improved Value of such Lands and Grounds respectively; and shall also, in and by the fame Instrument, proceed to afiefs, tax, and charge

?n

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

the Lands and Grounds of all and every such Owners and Proprietors, according and in Proportion to such improved Value, with his, her, of their respective Quota or Portion of the Colts, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, up to the Time of making, executing, and Completing such Instrument and Taxation; and in case the Quota or Portion of any such Owner or Proprietor so to be alfelfed and taxed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall exceed the Sum with which such Owner or Proprietor shall have been afiefied and taxed by virtue and in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities herein-before given to the said Commissioners, then such Proprietor or Person so interested as aforesaid shall, within Twenty-one Days after Notice in Writing under the Elands of the said Commissioners, or One of them, of such Excess shall be given to him or her, or left at his or her usual or last known Place of Abode, or the usual Dwelling of the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, in case the usual Dwelling or last known Place of Abode of such Owner or Proprietor shall not be within any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, pay the fame Excess, to the Clerk, Receiver, or Collector to the said Commissioners, or such other Person as they shall appoint to receive the same; and in case of Neglect or Default in Payment of such Excess, the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to recover and enforce the Payment thereof, by such Ways and Means as any other Assessments or Taxes are herein directed to be recovered, or as near thereunto as the Nature or Circumstances of the Cafe will admit; and the said Commissioners shall pay and apply, or cause to be paid and applied, such Excess, when paid or raised as aforesaid, in or towards paying and refunding to such others of the Proprietors or Persons interested as aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall have respectively paid or have had raised upon their respective Lands by &r in pursuance of this Act, over and above what their respective Quotas and Proportions, to be assessed and taxed by the said Commissionets as aforesaid, shall amount unto, together with lawful Interest upon the same Sum or Sums to such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall direct; and in case the Monies which shall be raised for and as such Excess shall not be sufficient to refund to the said Owners, Proprietors, and Persons interested as aforesaid, or any of them, what they shall have overpaid as aforesaid, with Interest, then and in such Case such Deficiency, with Interest, shall be made good to them out of the next Assessments and Taxes which shall be made by virtue of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall cause Two Parts of the said Instrument in Writing to be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the said Commissioners; and shall a!so cause a true and correct Copy of the Map or Plan herein- before mentioned, after the necessitry Corrections and Alterations have been made therein by or in consequence of the Decision of any Appeal or Appeals allowed by this Act, in case any such Appeal shall be brought, to be signed by the said Commissioners, and the Surveyor employed by them, to be annexed to each Part of finch Instrument; One of which said Parts, with such Map or Plan annexed, shall be lodged among, the Records of the Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said East Riding; and the Clerk of the Peace for the fame Riding, or his Deputy, is hereby required to receive and depoiit the fame accordingly, and to give to the said Commissioners a Receipt for the fame, taking as a Fee for his Trouble therein Six Shillings and Eight-pence, and no more-, and a Copy of such Instrument, or any Part or Parts thereof to be signed by the Clerk of [Lee. y Per.~\ 9 K the

774-

Valuation and Taxation in each Parish, to be lodged in the Vcitiy Rooms.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. $6.

the Peace for the said Riding, or his Deputy, purporting the Truth of such Copy, shall be admitted and allowed as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and the Clerk of the Peace for the said Riding, or his Deputy, shall be entitled to receive for every such Copy which shall be made and certified as aforesaid at his Office, after the Rate of Sixpence for each One hundred Words which shall be contained therein; and the said Clerk of the Peace and his Deputy, shall permit any Person whomsoever, at any feafcnable Time or Times, to insped and peruse the said Instrument, and Map or Plan thereunto annexed, lb to be lodged at his Office, paying for every such Inspection and Perusal the Sum of One Shilling; and the other Part of the said instrument, with One such other Map or Plan annexed thereto, shall be kept by the said Commissioners or their Clerk for the Time being, and be lodged and deposited togetiier with the said Two Valuations and Schedules in a Box to be provided for that Purpose, and may be inspected by any of the said Owners and Proprietors at any of the subsequent Meetings of the said Commissioners, without Fee or Reward; and the said instrument so made and signed by the said Commissioners shall remain and be a Rule and Precedent of Proportion for all future Taxes and Assessments to be laid, taxed, and assessed by virtue of this Act; and in case of any Loss of or Damage or Accident to either of the said Parts of the said Instrument and Plan thereto annexed, the said Commissioners shall forthwith cause a Copy or Duplicate of the remaining Instrument and Plan to be made and signed by them, and deposited in the Place or Stead of the Instrument, and Plan so loll: or damaged, and shall so continue to make and renew such Copy and Duplicate, and Copies and DupIicates thereof, when and as often as the Case shall require; which laid Copies and Duplicates shall from Time to Time have the fame Force, Authority, and ES'ed, for all the Purposes of this Act, as the original Parts of the said Instrument and Map or Plan would have had if the fame had remained and continued in Exillence; and the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners shall permis and fuller all Persons whatsoever interested in the said Low Lands and Grounds, at all seasonable Hours, to insped the said Instrument and Map or Plan lodged and deposited with him as aforesaid, such Person paying for such Inspection One Shilling; and shall also make and deliver a Copy or Copies of any Part or Parts of the said Instrument, charging after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words in such Copy or Copies.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That, for the greater Convenience of the Proprietors of Lands and Grounds to be drained and improved by virtue of this Act, so much of the said Instrument, and of the Map or Plan annexed thereto, as Lhall relate to each of the separate and diflind Pariffics, Townships, or Places mentioned in this Act, shall be copied upon Parchment, and be signed by the said Commissioners, and be severally lodged in the respective Vestry Rooms of the said several Parishes, Townships, or Places respectively; which said several Copies under the Hands of the said Commissioners shall, so far as shall relate to each such Parish, Township, or Place respectively, be allowed as Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity; and the respective Churchwardens of the said respective Parillies, Townships, and Places, shall permit and suffer any Person whomsoever from Time to Time, and at all reasonable Times, to peruse and inspect such Copy, such Person paying for every such Perusal and Inspection, Sixpence and np more.

1

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. 775

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Did Commissioners, and they are hereby required from Time to Time, ti<er Affeir-" annually or otfterwife, after such Instrument of the said Commissioners jp*11*® f<*de-shall be signed as aforesaid, further to assess, tax, and charge all and Exjience* of every the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers of, and Persons Drainage, &e. interested in all and every the said Lands and Grounds proportionably, according to the Tenor of the said Instrument, with such further Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time judge necessary, for defraying the Charges and Expences of repairing and maintaining the Works of Drainage and Improvement which shall be then made, or of making and repairing such new Works as shall from Time to Time be found necessary or expedient for the better draining, preserving, and improving the said Lands and Grounds, and for Payment of Salaries to Officers, and all other Charges and Expences incident to or attending the Execution of the several Purposes of this Act, and to direct and appoint the Payment thereof to the Clerk, Collector, or Receiver to the said Commissioners, at such Time or Times as they shall think proper; and in case any such Owner, Occupier, or Person interested, shall refuse or neglect to pay any such Tax or Assessment at the Time or Times so to be directed or appointed as aforesaid, Twenty-one Days Notice thereof in Writing, under the Hand of any-one of the said Commissioners, or the Clerk, Collector, or Receiver of the said Commissioners, having been first given to such Owner, Occupier, or Person interested, or left at his, her, or their usual or last known Place of Abode, then and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the same to be levied and recovered by such and the like Ways and Means as they are hereby respectively empowered to recover and raise any of the Assessments or Taxes by virtue cf this Act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in Cafe any Owner or Owners, Forccmpei-Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds taxed orafleffedby vir- of Ra^{sment tue of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay any Tax or Assessment, or any Part thereof, charged upon him, her, or them respectively for and in relped of such Lands or Grounds, at or upon the respective Days or Times of Payment to be appointed by the said Commissioners for Payment of such faxes and Assessments respectively. Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing of the Amount of such respective Tax or Assessment, and of the Day or Time so appointed for the Payment thereof, under the Hands or Hand of the said Commissioners, or any One of them, or of the Clerk,

Collector, or Receiver to the said Commissioners, having been given to such respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands so taxed and addled, or left at his, her, or their usual or last known Place or Places of Abode, or in Case such Notice shall not have been so given, then in case any such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall refuse or neglect to pay any such Tax or Assessment, or any Part thereof, within or for the Space of Twenty-one Days next after the Delivery of such Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Clerk, Receiver, or Collector for the Time being, or any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant under the Hands of the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, and by One or more Distress or Distrefies, as the Case may require, to levy and raise every such Sum and Sums of Money so taxed and addled, or such Part thereof as shall be unpaid, by Distress and Sale of any Goods or Chattels of such Owner and Owners, Occupier

and

776 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

and Occupiers, which shall be found upon the Lands or Grounds in respect of which such Tax or Assessment shall have been made or imposed, or elsewhere, in the said County of York, and the Goods and Chattels so distrained to keep for Five Days at the Costs and Charges of such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, leaving Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Distress at his, her, or their Dwelling House, or fume conspicuous Part of the said Lands; and if such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall not pay the Sum and Sums of Money so taxed and assessed within the said Space of Five Days, then the Goods and Chattels so distrained shall be appraised by Two or more of the Inhabitants of the Parish, Township, or Place where such Distress shall be taken, or by other sufficient Persons duly sworn by the Constable of such Township, Parish, or Place, as is usual in Cafes of Diltrefles for Rent, in order to be sold by the said Clerk, Receiver, or Collector, or other Person or Persons who is and are hereby authorized to sell the same for Payment of the Money so taxed and aftelfed, and the Overplus arising by such Sale, (if any be) after deducting the Sum or Sums so taxed and assessed, and the Charges of taking, keeping, appraising, and felling the said Diltrefles, shall be returned to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, on Demand.

L. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Tenants of the said Lands and Grounds to be drained and improved as aforesaid, w'ho or whose Landlords shall be taxed and assessed by virtue of this Act, are hereby required and authorized to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so taxed and assessed, and to deduct the fame out of his, her, or their Rent; and every Tenant or Tenants who shall make such Payment shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Moneyas such Tax or Assessment shall amount unto, as if the fame had been actually paid unto the Person or Persons to whom his, her, or their Rent was due and payable; except where a Lease of Three or more Years shall be unexpired immediately before the passing of this Act, and in such Case the Proportion of such Taxor Assessment which the Tenant ought to bear and pay, in consideration of the Benefit he or she receives by such Lease, shall be adjusted and awarded by the said Commissioners; and in case any such Payment so to be made by any such Tenant as aforesaid shall exceed the Rent which shall be then in Arrear and unpaid, that then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Tenants to hold, polfels, and enjoy the Lands and Tenements which he, she, or they shall so occupy, at and under the fame Rent and Conditions as he, she, or they shall hold the fame at the Time of making such Payment, and retain in his, her, or their Hand or Hands such Rents until he, she, or they shall be thereby fully paid such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they shall have so paid and advanced, with lawful Interest for the fame, from the Tine or respective Times of advancing thereof, and until he, file, or they shall be reimbursed and paid the fame by his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords.

LI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case no sufficient Distress can be found on the Lands to be drained or improved by virtue of this Act, by reason of their being unoccupied or nntenanted, or otherwise, whereon to levy any Tax or Assessment, or any Part thereof, then and in such Case the Lands and Grounds charged with such Tax or Assessment shall remain a Security for Payment thereof, and the said Com-

millionets

Tenants to deduct out of Rents, Rates paid by them.

Unoccupied Lands 10 remain a Security for Ai-feflments,

777

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

missioners, or their Clerk, Receiver, or Collector for the Time being, shall, after Default of Payment for Twenty-one days, such Notice having first been given to such Owner or Owners, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or left at his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode as is herein-before directed, for Payment of Taxes and Assessments to be charged upon any Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of Land as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to enter into and upon, and to have, hold, possess, and enjoy the said Lands, Grounds, and Premises so charged, or to let the fame from Year to Year, at the bell Rent, and to take the Rents and Profits thereof, until such faxes and Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, and all Expences occasioned by the Non-payment thereof shall be fully paid and satisfied; and the Residue thereof (if any) shall be paid into the Hands of the Clerk, Receiver, or Collector of the said Commissioners, and shall be by him paid to the Owner or Owners of such Lands, or his or their Agent or Agents, when demanded.

LII. And be it further enacted, That on all Leases at Rack Rent of any i f the said Lands and Grounds to be drained and improved by virtue this Act, cr of any Tithes thereof, upon the taking or granting where.-f no Fine or Eoregift shall have been paid, the Lessees or Tenanrs thereof, from and after the Expiration of the current Year in which any Improvements in the said Lands, Grounds, or Tithes, shall in the Jud etnent of the said Commissioners have taken place in pursuance of this A A, shall, during the Remainder of such Leases, respectively pay to their respective Lessors or Landlords such additional Rent for the Lands, Grounds, or Tithes so improved, as the said Commissioners shall think juit and reasonable.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Sole or Aggregate, Rectors, Vicars, Tenants in Tail or for Life, or Tenants pour autre Vie, or for Years determinable on Lives, Governors, Guardians, Truifees, and Feoffees in Trust, Attornies, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Persons whatsoever aiding as Trustees, Attornies, or Governors for any Ch irity, or for any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Minor, Issue unborn, Persons beyond Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves, Husbands, Femes Covert, and all and every other Person and Persons under any legal Disability whatsoever, posselfed of or interested in an.' of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be drained and improved, from Time to Time, by any Deed or Writing under their Hands and SeaL, with the Consent and Approbation of the said C anmifftoners, testified by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to charge and incumber such Part or Parts of the said Lands and Grounds intended to be drained and improved by virtue of this Act, as he, she, or they shall respectively be entitled to as aforesaid, with such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be by him, her, cr them respectively paid in pursuance of this Act to the said Commissioners, and with Interest for the fame from the Time or respective Times of Payment thereof; and for securing the Repayment of such Sum and Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, to grant, charge, mortgage, lease, surrender, or demise, or otherwise fub-ieft the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, unto such Person or Persons as shall advance and lend the fame respectively, for any \_Loc. &Per.] 9 L Term

Commission-ei i to deter* mme what Advance Rents are to be paid in certain C2fes.

Enabling Tenants for Life ro borrow Money.

7?S 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50;

Term or Number of Years, so that in every such Grant, Charge, Mortgage, Lease, Surrender, or Demise, there be contained a Proviso or Condition for avoiding the fame on full Payment and Satisfaction of the Sum and Sums of Money and Interest therein and thereby mentioned to be secured; and so that in every such Grant, Charge, Mortgage, Lease, Surrender, or Demise, there be contained a Proviso or Condition that the Person or Persons entitled to the Remainder, Reversion, or future Possession of the fame Lands and Grounds, shall not be liable to or chargeable with any further or greater Arrear of Interest than for One Year next preceding the Time that the Title to such Possession shall have commenced; and so that the whole Sum so to be charged as aforesaid by any such Rector, Vicar, or other Incumbent, be fully paid and satisfied within the Term of Twenty Years from the borrowing of the said Sum, by even and equal yearly Portions, by the said Rector, Vicar, or other Incumbent; and every Grant, Charge, Mortgage, Lease, Surrender, or Demise so to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended.

Lands on the

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in

0°r/njia* of Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affiedt

exempted. any Lands or Grounds situate on the South Side of the said Parish or Township of Oltringham, which at the Time of the passing of this Act shall be drained by separate Sew'ers and Drains under the Cognizance and Authority of the Commission of Sewers, except as herein-after is mentioned.

Providing for

LV. Provided also and be it further enacted, That if at any Time after

cf^ndslv. the Pafl*ng of this Act, the Drainage of the Lands and Grounds situate on the South Side of the Parish or Township of Otlringham, and last herein-before mentioned, shall by Reason or Means of the warping and choaking of the said ancient Channel leading from the said Clough or Sluice at No-Alan's-Friend aforesaid towards the River Humber, become ohllructed and ineffectual, it shall be lawful for the Owners and Proprietors of the fame Lands and Grounds, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of the Owners and Proprietors of or Persons in Possession and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Three Fourth Parts of the fame Lands and Grounds, to require the Commissioners ailing under the Authority of this Act to cause the fame Lands and Grounds to be drained and improved by and through the Cuts and Drains to be made in pursuance of this Act; and from and immediately after the making, signing, and sealing of such Writing as aforesaid, and Delivery thereof to the said Commissioners, they the said Commissioners shall cause all and Angular the fame Lands and Grounds to be drained and improved by such Cuts and Drains made or to be made within the same Lands and Grounds as they the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, and by a new Cut or Drain leading from thence through Part of the said Parish of Keyingham, called Saltbaugh Grange, into the said Cuts and Drains herein-before directed to be made and maintained, at such Place or Part thereof as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and also to make and do all such other Works of Drainage and Improvement of the said Lands and Grounds as to the said Commissioners shall seem necessary and expedient for that Purposej and from and after the Delivery

779

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

of such Writing, signed and sealed as aforesaid, to the said Commissioners, all and every the Powers and Authorities in and by this Act given, created, and contained, shall extend, and be deemed, adjudged, and taken to extend to all and singular the Lands and Grounds la(t hereby mentioned and intended to be drained and improved, as fully, extensively, and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had been originally included and mentioned in this Act.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charge's, and Expences of making the new Cuts and Drains, and other Works of Drainage lad mentioned and authorized, shall be wholly paid and discharged by and out of a Tax or Assessment to be charged and assessed upon and payable out of the Lands and Grounds thereby intended to be drained and improved; and that from and after the Payment thereof, the fame Lands and Grounds shall be and continue liable to be taxed and assessed by the said Commissioners according to the improved Value thereof, in the same Manner and Form, and under and according to all and every the fame Directions, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Provisoes, and Restrictions, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Lands and Grounds had been originally comprized and included in this Act, and as the other Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be drained and improved are directed to be taxed and assessed.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, immediately after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, by One or more sufficient internal Drain or Drains, with good and sufficient Cloughs, Shuttles, and other Works, or by such other Ways, Means, or Device as the said William Chapman, or some other able and experienced Engineer, shall advise and divest, well and sufficiently drain and preserve the Lands and Grounds of Edward Constable Esquire, in the said Parish of Kcyingham, called or known by the Name of Keyingham Marsh, and to assess, tax, and charge the fame Lands and Grounds with any Sum and Sums of Money for the making and completing the Works of Drainage hereby directed, and also as the Quota or Proportion of or for the fame Lands and Grounds for and towards the general Expences of making and completing the Works of Drainage in and by this Act directed and intended, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of One thousand and five hundred Pounds, but no more; and shall and may, after the making and completing the said Works of Drainage, afiefs, tax, and charge the fame Lands and Grounds with the yearly Sum of Twenty Pounds, but no more, as the Quota and Proportion of and for the fame Lands, for and towards the supporting, maintaining, and keeping in Repair the fame Works, and executing this Act; which said several Sums may be levied and raised upon and out of the fame Lands and Grounds, by such and the like Ways and Means as any other Tax or Assessment is herein before directed to be levied and raised.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make Use of the Drains made and to be made and repaired by virtue of the said former Act and this Act, extending from the said Creek or Haven called

Stone

Providing for the Charges of that Drainage.

Commission-eis directed to drain Kcy~ ingham Marsh,

Tart of the Drains to be used for the I urpoie o: Navigation.

?86 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

Stone Creek to a certain Bridge in the said. Parish of Roofs called or known by the Name of Roofs Bridge, and to or near a certain Place in the said Parishes or Townships of Roofs and Owfkuick, or One of them, called Ow/hvick Car Gate, for the Purpose of conveying Corn, I.ime, Coals, > and other Goods, in Boats or Barges; and by and out of any Money which shall come to their Hands by virtue of this Act, to cause to be made and constructed so many Boats, Barges, and Vessels, and of such Form and Dimensions, as shall be suitable and proper for the Carriage and Conveyance of such Goods upon the said Drains; and to make and erect at or near the Clough or Sluice herein-before directed to be built and constructed at Stone Creek aforesaid, a good and suitable Wharf or Quay, and Bason, with a Crane, Gin, or other Engine or Engines, and otTier Work or Works, for the Purpose of loading and unloading such Goods into and front the said Boats, Barges, and Vessels; and also to demand, recover, and receive such Sum or Sums of Money for the Carriage and Conveyance of such Goods, as the said Commissioners at any Meeting or Meetings to be held as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time fix and appoint; and the several Sums of Money so to be received, they the said Commissioners are hereby directed and required to pay and apply for and towards the general Purposes of this Act.

Tto*he°ured

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commit;! a Ma- missioners shall not proceed to put or carry into Execution any of the Fifth^'of L°ow Purposes above mentioned, until a Majority in Value of the Owners 'Lands con- and Proprietors of the said Low Lands and Grounds, to the Amount of lent. Four Parts out of Five in Value of the fame Lands and Grounds, according to the Second Valuation herein before directed to be made by the said Commissioners, shall, by some good and sufficient Deed or Instrument under their Hands and Seals, give and declare their Consent and Authority to the said Commissioners for so doing.

water nnt to

LX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Commis-newerlhan^ fioriers shall not for any of the Purposes aforesaid, dam or pen up the

one Foot Water in the said Drains to any greater Height, or nearer to the Surface

from the Sur- Gf any Qf (hg pyjj Low Lancb and Grounds, than the Measure or Dif-

trceot the 1 .

Low Lands, tance of One foot.

Injuries sustained In consequence of this Act. to he redi effect by the Justices at Sessions.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons whomsoever Avail receive or fullain any Injury or Damage by, from, or in consequence of any Matter or Thing committed or done under or by virtue of this Act, or omitted to be done contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and for which no Remedy is hereby provided, it shall and may be lawful for all and every such Person and Persons to prefer his, her, and their Complaint, before His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, assembled at the Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the said East Riding of the County of York, who are hereby required to hear and determine all such Matters of Complaint in the Nature of an Appeal, and to award such Damages and Satisfaction, and Costs on eiiher Side, as to the fame Court shall seem reasonable: Provided always, that such Matters of Complaint be preferred, heard, and determined, within the Term of Twelve Calendar Months next after any such Injury or Damage be received or sustained.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. 781

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the Paid Commissioners shall ^"3blin£|0^e and may, from Time to Time, have full Power and Authority to make e!s to make such Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, touching or concerning the Cuts, Bye Laws. Drains, Sewers, Banks, Cloughs, Engines, Dams, Tunnels, Shuttles,

Bridges, and other Works, Matters, and Things aforesaid, so as the fame be printed, and not repugnant to the Laws of this Realm, and to impose such reasonable Fines or Forfeitures on every Person not conforming to such Bye Laws, Rules, or Orders, as the said Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding in any One Cafe the Sum of Five Pounds; which said Fines or Forfeitures shall be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as the said Commissioners shall direct, such Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders being first ratified and confirmed by the Majority of Votes of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be drained and improved, who shall be assembled at any Meeting (such Votes to be constituted in the same Manner and in respect of the lame Quantity of Property as is herein-before directed with respect to the electing of a Commissioner), to be held for that Purpose within any of the Parishes, Townships, or Places aforesaid, of which Fourteen Days previous Notice shall be given in all the said Parish Churches, and also in all the publick Newspapers printed and published at the said Town of Kingston-ttpon-Hull, and with the Approbation and Consent of the Majority of Votes of such Proprietors, who shall be assembled at any Meeting of Proprietors to be holden as aforesaid, of which the like Notice shall be given, to repeal or alter all or any of the said Bye Laws from Time to Time as they shall see necessary or convenient; which said Bye Laws being reduced into Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, and being ratified and confirmed as aforesaid,

shall be binding upon and be observed by all Parties whom they may concern, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the fame in levying any Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid thereby incurred; but no such Bye Law shall be valid until a Bye taws to printed Copy thereof shall be published by affixing such Copy on the be publicist outer Door of the several Parish Churches aforesaid; but no such Bye Law shall be made, or repealed, or altered, except at a Meeting where the Proprietors of the major Part in Quantity of the said Lands shall be present, either in Person or by Proxy.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners assembled at such Meetings, and being so signed shall be deemed and taken to be Originals} and all Bye Laws to be made as aforesaid shall be entered and written in such Book or Books, and be signed by the said Commissioners, and the Clerk attending the said Commissioners,

Or some other credible Person, shall set his Name as a Witness thereto; and the said Bye Laws, so signed and attested, shall be deemed and taken to be original Bye Laws; and all and every such Book and Books, Proceedings, Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, shall and may be read in Evidence in all Cafes of Suits, Actions, Appeals, or other Proceedings, touching any Thing done or to be done in pursuance or Execution of this Act; and which Book and Books shall and may be inspected and perused at all reasonable Times, paying the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection or Perusal; and Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, may bfc taken [Lor. & Per.2 9 M by

Order9 and Proceedings to he entered in Books.

7'8 2

Commission-eis acting un <J«r* fddloi-mer Act to inakeout their Accoun's to the Comtnif. iioners appointed by this Act, and tlunceforth to be indemni-sted.

Arrears of Afn-lTnunts m.der the former Act to be received by the Commissioners under this Act.

Commi loners enabled to make Contracts.

42° GtLORGII III. Cap. 50.

by any Person or Persons interested therein, paying to the said Clerk (he Sum of One Shilling for every One hundred Words.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who at and before the passing of this Act shall be acting in the Execution of the said former Act, shall and they are hereby required, within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, to make out and deliver to the Commissioners hereby nominated and appointed, a lull, true, and final Account of all Monies by them levied, received, disbursed, and paid under the Direction and Authority of the said former Act; and shall produce and shew to the Commissioners hereby appointed, all necessa'y and proper Vouchers for such Payments and Disbursements; and shall pay unto the said Commissioners appointed by this Act all such Sum and Sums of Money as upon such Account shall appear to be and remain in the Hands of the said Commissioners acting under the said former Act; and having so done, and having received a Certificate thereof under the Hands of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, which Certificate they are hereby required to give, they the said Commissioners acting under the said former Act, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be released, indemnified, and discharged of, from, and against all and Angular Acts and Deeds whatsoever by them or any of them respectively committed or done in or about the Execution of the said former Act.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That all Rates, Taxes, and AdelT-ments taxed, charged, or imposed under or by virtue of the said former Act, which shall at the Time of the passing of this Act be in Arrear and unpaid, shall immediately after the passing of this Act be paid to and received by the Commissioners hereby appointed, or to their Collector, Receiver, Agent, or other Officer, and shall be applied towards the general Purposes of this Act; and the said Commissioners hereby appointed are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to compel and enforce the Payment of all such last mentioned Rates, Taxes, and Assessments, which shall be so in Arrear and unpaid as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of any Goods and Chattels of the several Owners and Occupiers of the several Lands and Grounds whereon or in respect of which such Rates, Taxes, and Assessments shall have been taxed, afiefled, and imposed, in the same Manner and Form as any Distress and Sale under or by virtue of this Act is directed to be made, levied, and recovered.

I,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be iawfu! for the said Commissioners to receive Proposals from, and enter into, and make and execute Contrafts with any Engineers, Artificers, and Workmen, for draining the said Lands and Grounds, and for making and repairing any Cuts, Drains, Embankments, Cloughs, Sluices, Tunnels, Bridges, Shuttles and other Works, and for providing proper Engines, Utensils, and Materials for the Purposes aforesaid, and all Articles, Matters, and Filings concerning the same: Provided nevertheless, that the said Commissioners, in the making of all or any of such Contrafts, where any Inch Contraft shall exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, shall, and they are hereby required to give or cause to be given Fourteen Days Notice at the Least in all the Newspapers printed and published in the said Town of Kingslor.r

upon-

783

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

upon- Ball, of the Time and Place of Meeting for the Purpose of making such Contracts,

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, with their Engineers, Collectors, Receivers, Treasurers, Surveyors, Superin-tendants, and other Officers acting or employed under or by virtue of this Act, shall have full Licence, Liberty, and Authority from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times, either on Horseback or on Foot, to go and travel, pass and repass, as well into and over all the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be drained, as also the High Lands adjoining thereto, when and so often as Occasion shall require, for the due and proper Execution of this Act, doing its little Damage as may be, and making Compensation for such Damage as shall be done upon all Lands not drained by virtue or under the Authority of this Act.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That Once in every Year, that is to say, in the Month of June, Inspection shall be had by the said Commissioners, of the Receipts and Disbursements of such Money as shall be ccllefted, received, or disbursed by virtue of this Act, up to the First Day of May then last pall; and all Accounts relating to the fame, whether of the said Commissioners or any other Person, shall then, or within Thirty Days after, be adjusted and made up by the said Commissioners then assembled as aforesaid, at which Time the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the said Rates and Sums of Money to be raised as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to attend with their separate and dillinct Bx>ks of Account of the Receipts and Disbursements above mentioned, and with all Vouchers for the fame; and upon Consideration and Examination thereof upon Oath, if required by the said Commissioners (which Oath any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said East Riding is hereby required and empowered to administer), the said Commissioners are hereby required to allow and pass the said Accounts of such Collector and Collector?, Receiver and Receivers, or such Part or Parts thereof as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and such Account or Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be so allowed by the said Commissioners under their Hands, and all other Accounts relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be fairly entered in Two or more Books to be kept for that Purpose, One of which said Books shall be lodged and deposited with the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and the other or others of such Books shall be lodged with forme or One of the said Commissioners; and the said Book so to be lodged and deposited with the said Clerk shall and may be inspected and perused at all seasonable Hours, by and at the Request of any Person or Persons taxed and afftlTed by virtue of this Act, paying for such Inspection and Perulal the Sum of One Shilling.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if at any Meeting of the Owners or Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds to be held in pursuance of this Act, for the Purpose of electing a Commissioner or Commissioners, Ten of such Owners or Proprietors shall not be present in Person, and there shall not be present either Principals or Proxies, or as both Principals and Proxies Persons entitled to Twenty-one Votes, then such Meeting shall be adjourned to that Day Scvennight, to be held at the

Place

Commissioners to enter upon Lands in all the said Parishes, for the Purposes of this At\,

Accounts to be made up.

Meetings to he adjourned in ca/e Tea Proprietors are not prefer nt.

784-

Penalty on Persons voting who ate not qualified.

Recovery and

Application of Penalties.

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of Form.

Form nf Conviction.

42° GEORGII m. Cap. 50.

Place where such Meeting was appointed to be held, and so tot'iis quoties until Ten Owners or Proprietors shall be present in Person, and until there shall be present, either as Principals or Proxies, or as both Principals and Proxies, Persons entitled to Twenty-one Votes.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Proprietor who shall not be qualified as aforesaid to vote, or as a Proxy duly constituted, shall nevertheless presume to vote at any Meeting or Meetings to be held in pursuance of or by virtue of this Acd, either for the Purpose of electing a Commissioner or Commissioners, or of making or repealing any Bye Law, Rule, or Order, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures for any Offence against this Act, or which shall be inflicted by any Bye Law, Rule, or Order to be made in pursuance of this Act, the Recovery whereof is not herein-before otherwise directed, shall, in case of Nonpayment thereof on Conviction of the Offenders respectively, be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place wherein the Offender shall be or reside, which Warrant such justices are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon the Confession of the Party offending, or upon the Oath of any credible Witness, which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; and for Want of Sufficient Distress, such Justices are hereby empowered and required to commit the Offender to the common Gaol or House of Correction for such County, Riding, or Place, there to rerAain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and that all such Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not herein-before otherwise directed* shall be paid to the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the said Commissioners, to be applied and disposed of towards the general Purposes of this Act.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Conviction, or other Proceeding to be made or had by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, nor any Bye Law, Rule, Order, or other Proceeding to be made or had by or before the said Commissioners, by virtue of the Powers granted by this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Fornv only.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or to the fame Effect; (videlicet J,

« BE

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. 785

gE it remembered, That on the Day of Aft. is

convicted before of His Majesty's Justices [or, JulliceJ

‘ of the Peace for the Ead Riding of the County of York, by virtue of

an Act made in the Forry-second Year of the Reign of His Majesty ‘ King George the Third, fhere insert the Title of the Ad; specifying the

Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame was committed, as the Case shall be], Given tinder our Hands and Seals [or, my ‘ Hand and Stall the Day and Yeai aforesaid.’

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall think Allowing Ap« themselves aggrieved by the Order, Conviction,or Judgement of any Justice sV-

or Justices of the Peace, upon Account of any Offence committed orfup- liom. posed to be committed against this Act, or any Bye Law, Rule, or Order to be made as aforesaid, or any Penalties to be levied by virtue thereof, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said Ead Riding, against any such Order, Conviction, Judgement, or Penalty, at the next general Quarter Sedions of the Peace to be held for the said Riding after the Cause of such Appeal diall happen, the Person or Persons so respectively appealing fird entering into a Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties, to the Satisfaction of the said Justices, to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to pay the Cods which shall be ascertained by the said Justices in the said General or Quarter Sessions, in case such Order and Judgement shall be affirmed; and the said Justices, in their laid General or Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine such Appeal, and give such Cods to either Party as they shall think reasonable; and to make such Order therein as to them shall appear jud; which Order diall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by any Writ of Certiorari, or otherwise.

Into any of His Majedv’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

I,

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought and laid in the said County of York, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants ill such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and if in Replevin may judify and avow, by virtue of this Act, as Persons aiding by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same (ether than as aforesaid), at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Suit or Suits, or if any Verdict shall pass or Judgement be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then and in any of the said Cafes the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy as where Cods are awarded.

9 N

[.Lot fc? Per.']

7§5

Not to rero-n , b't for special Damages.

Caimiiiffi biers not accountable for each other, or their Qiii.ers, etc.

Saving the Rights of Lords of Manors,

[Publick Act.]

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

LXW I. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sutn or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Acr, the Diiircis itfell shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant, or Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage n an Action upon the Cafe, i

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not be answerable One for another, but each for hiinfelfand his own Acts only; nor for any Sum or Sums of Money but what each of them respectively shall actually receive; nor for any Sccuiity taken by them from any Person or Persons; nor for any Person with whom any Money to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be entrusted, deposited, or lodged; nor for any Officer employed under them; and that the said Commissioners, and each of them, shall and may from Time to Time, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, deduct, retain, and reimburse unto himself and themselves respectively, and pay and allow unto his and their Co-commissioners and Co-Commissioner, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as they or any of them shall necessarily or reasonably bear, pay, expend, sustain, or be put unto, by reason of the Trulls hereby in them reposed, or in the Execution thereof, or otherwise relating the reunto.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to defeat, prejudice, or affect the Rights of any Lord or Lords of the several and respective Manors within the Parishes, Townships, and Places aforesaid, or the Rights and Royalties of the Lord of the Seigniory of Holderness aforesaid, so as in the Exercise of such Rights and Royalties they, or any of them, shall not obstruct or hinder the Execution of this Act.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed to be a publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

The

42° GEORGII III. Cap. JO.

787

The SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing A&.

Deepening and widening the old Drain from Roofs Bridge to the Junction with Owftwick Drain; mean Depth Seven^Feet, Width of Bottom Seven Feet, Slopes Eighteen Inches.

Deepening and widening the old Drain from thence to the Head of Owftwick Carr; mean Depth Seven Feet, Bottom Width Seven Feet, Slopes Eighteen Inches.

Deepening and widening the old Drain from the Junction of Owftwick and Roofs, through Burton-Pidfca and Half jam Carrs to Halsham Bridge; mean Depth Six Feet Six Inches, Bottom Width Nine Feet, Slopes Eighteen Inches.

Deepening and widening the old Drain from Half jam Bridge to Keying-ham High Bridge; mean Depth Eight Feet, Bottom Width Nine Feet, Slopes Eighteen Inches.

Deepening and widening the old Drain from Keyingham High Bridge to Thorney Croft; mean Depth Nine Feet Six Inches, Bottom Width Nine Feet, Slopes Eighteen Inches.

Deepening and widening the old Drain from Thorney Croft to Sands Bridge; mean Depth Ten Feet, Bottom Width Nine Feet, Slopes Eighteen Inches.

Deepening and widening the Remainder of the old Drain from Sands Bridge to the North End of the parallel Banks, being the Point of Deviation; Depth Eleven Feet Six Inches, Bottom Width Nine Feet, Slopes Eighteen Inches.

New Cut obliquely across from the old Drain to the Drain between the parallel Banks; Length Two hundred Yards, Depth Eleven Feet Six Inches, Bottom Width Nine Feet, Slopes Eighteen Inches.

Deepening and widening the old Drain between the parallel Banks; Depth Seven Feet Six Inches, Bottom Width Nine Feet, Slopes Eighteen Inches.

New Cut from the parallel Banks to Stone Creek; Length Two hundred and Twenty Yards, Depth Ten Feet, Bottom Width Nine Feet, Slopes Eighteen Inches.

Clough or Sluice at Stone Creek, Ten Feet Run.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802,

1 r '

ft

<y AV

>«✓ 1: 1

j

iZ

i'

..1 ......... - I. t

r

s» B 3 i S C . ‘J

- , ii :r Hj

- ‘♦r-.v *', v - ® -* ' '

‘8U0UIUI03 o 6 [-jj ^5 ‘jj'j']

puB ‘{EJodiusj, PUK jeniuidg spio'j sqi JO jusjuo^ pus soupy sqi qiu\ pue Xq ‘Xysfe|/\j }US|[sdx;j jjoiu s,§ui){ sip Xq psyiEus ji sq pus 5 psisBus aq Xbiu ji asqi XjpfBpq jno;^ sjesjcJ sjojsjstp a; Xrpq: Xji[i)rj opqqnd jbsjS jo puB ‘josjsqj pooqmoqqSisjq sip oi soe:ucapv siqEjsptjuos jo sq pjnoM ai ‘psjsjjs jo psijEA sjjej sujoj u; josjsqj sj 003 sqi pue ‘jirdsji u: jdsq puB ‘psAOJdiui ‘psuapiM ‘pspusaiE Xpsdojd sjsm peo^ pmj sip ji SESjsqw puy: me^ jo sjjno^ Xjsuipjo oqj Xq ‘aiEdsy ui jdsq pus ‘psAOjd lui ‘psjJSAip ‘p3JJ5|B ‘psuspiM ‘pspusius X|(Brqp3js sq jouubd pue ‘snoip oujuiooui pus ‘snojmojp ‘mojjbu ‘jiedj^j jo jno qonui Xjsa si 'qitqu3(X jo X1U1103 sqi ut 'ppCfyuvfj jo qjuE(J sip ui svpoj suy.tsj jo sEehi^. sip 01 jesu jo 01 ‘Xiuno^ piBj sip ui ‘2i<u}j pdvj pus 'vpptj 'ouqmuuij ‘pft>Q-(-smu3g 'url3pp.(oK]o(j ‘jiipfouj, ‘j/m.juv/j 'utaqoojtuvfj 'ptcptyUPff 'whpuvpj luo2uvg jo sssejj jo ssiyuBj (ejsasj sqj qSnojqi ‘uoi1 a a

-uvuusvj jo Xiuno^) sqj ui 'Qmj JoSuvg psqes sjwisqio Outj dmq/ivq/uoj iuojj Xjjesix jo uiojj Suipesi pso>j sip SV3H3HX lL A.

[2081 /Cvffl ljj£] 'ffiqudQ JO

Xjuikq sip ui 'ppffnuvj'j jo lyurj 3ijj ui sopo

3U}U3fJ OJ Jlbu JO OJ ‘U0CIUVUU3VU JO Xjuno^ 3l|J UI i/CuU3^ Jo2uVQ p3|[BD 3JIAU31JJO /CiU3J /CtllCjJBVqiJOJ UIOJJ X[JB3U JO UJOJj §Uiptf3J pBO}J 31{J ‘jl^ds^ UI Sut d33JJ pUB ‘SuiAOjduiI ‘§UlU3piAV ‘§UipU3UIB JOJ UV

iS 'dvj

‘SI03H III IIDH030

oaNnoas opvisaov’aavnb onmv

7QO

Trufitei.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable Richard Lord Pemyhn, the Right Honourable ‘Thomas Lord New Corough, Sir Edward Pryce Lloyd, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Sir Robert Williames Vaughan, and Sir Robert Williams, Baronets, the Honourable the Justices of the Court of Great §cfJions and the AttW/ey General for the Counties of Caernarvon, Anglesea, aril Merioneth fair the Time being, Robert Back-land of Llanfbangel, Clerk, John Bffh'p of Shrewsbury, J> bn Beck of the fame, Pehr Beck of the fame, Robert Thomas Carr eg of Carr eg, Joseph Car cless of Shrewsbury, Edmund CrawVy-of Caernarvon, Arthur Davis of YJputty, Clerk, William Lloyd Doulbn, Edward Davies of Bangor, Cletk, John Dodson of Shrewsbury, Howell Holland Edwards Clerk, William Edwards of Htndre Hovfe, Thomas Elies of Bangor, Clerk, Richard Edwards of Nanhoran, Browning Edwards of the fame, Thomas Eyton of Shrewsbury, Charles Evans of Trifci’ir, William Evans of the fame, John Eaton of Shrewsbury, Hugh Evans of Holyhead, Richard Ellis of Caernarvon, Clerk, Hugh Ellis of the fame, the Honourable Charles Finch, Charles Finch the younger, John Forbes cf Bodnant, John Griffith of Llanfair, William Griffith of Caernarvon, Clerk, Richard Garnsns, Richard Gar nous the younger, Edward Glynne, of Shrewsbury, Hugh Davies Griffith of Caerhun, Clerk, J,bn Gibbons of Ofwejiry, John Griffi.b of Try-fan, Edward Griffith of Caernarvon, William Griffith of Bodegrces, William Glynn Griffith of Caernarvon, David Griffith of the lame, Robert Mcyrick Humphreys of Rbydlanfmr, David Hughes of Penloin, Doctor in Divinity, Thomas Hughes of Tyffia, Maurice Hughes of Capel Cerrig, Clerk, Robert Hughes of the fame. Clerk, John Hughes of Llanrochwyn, Clerk, Robert Harvey of Pool Park, William I laze!dine of Shrewsbury, John Hughes of Caernarvon, Henry Jones of Caernarvon, Clerk, Owen Jones of Cae’r Doctor, Clerk, John L!oyd Jones of Plas Madoc, Cieik Richard Jones of Idanrwjl, John Jones of Maefygarn'dJ, Thomas Barry Jones of Madrin, Love Parry Jones of the fame, Thomas Parry Jones the younger, of the fame, John Jones of Bangor, John Jones of Biynlir, Thomas Jones of Byntirton, Lewis Jones of Ofwejiry, Thomas Jones of Caernarvon, Surgeon, Richard Jones of Cefnycoed, John Jones of Ruthin, John Ellis Kyffin Clerk, John Kyffin of Bangor, Clerk, John Lloyd of Hafodunos, John Lloyd of Maefmort, John Lloyd of Gl) r.annaw, William Lloyd of Hendrcddwyjaen, William John Lent hall of Moenan. Kyffin John William Lenthall of the lame, Joseph Loxduls of Shrewsbury, William Lloyd of the fame, Robert Lawrence of the fame, John Lawrence of the fame, Thomas Lewis of Mounthazel, John Llcyd of Caernarvon, Evan Lloyd of Maefypcrtb, Humphry LLyd, Thomas Lloyd of Shrewsbury, William Lloyd of Aston, Richard Nanny of Brockwaen, Clerk, William Oakley of Tanybwich, William Owen of Pencraig, Robert Owen of the fame, Hugh Owen of Bangor, Doctor in Divinity, Nicholas Owen of the fame. Clerk, Hugh Owen of Shrewsbury, Clerk, Hugh Gwen of Caernarvon, Doctor of Fhyfie, David Price of hedw Deg, William Priffick of Shrewsbury, Richard Phillips of the lame, Owen Anthony Poole, William Peacocke, Richard Parry of Plafncwydd, Owen Rowlands of Crug, William Roberts of Oakland, William Anwyl Roberts of the fame, James Royle of Cae’rmelwr, William Lloyd Roberts ot Cefnycoed, William Rowlands of Ce rigy Drwaion, John Roberts of Pearallt, Bangor, John R berts of LlanllcchiJ, Clerk, Juhn Rockeof Shrewf-lury. Clerk, William Reynold of the lame, High Rowlands ot Tymawr, Robert Roberts of Caernarvon, John Robins of the fame, Henry Rowlands of Pldjgwyn, John Roberts ot Ruthin, Edward Williams Vaughan Satisbury, Thomas Asfbelon Smith, Thomas Asjheton Smith the younger, William Simes

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5X. 791

of Shrewsbury, Peter Tetley of Llanrwfi, Peter Tetley the younger, of the fame, John Tetley of the lame, Clerk, Edward Tipton of Shrewsbury, Rice Thomas, Rice Thomas the younaer, Griffith ap Howell Vaughan of Hengwrt,

'John Vaughan of Shrewsbury, Joseph Venables of Ofwjlry, Thomas Williams or Llanidnn, Owen William< of the fame, John Warren Doctor in Divinity,

Dean of Banger, Thomas Williams of Cappel Garmon, Clerk, Ellis W\nne of Voe'as, Clerk, Join Wynne ot Bellmont, Robert Watkin Wynne of Garthmeileo,

John Wynne of the tame, John Wynne of Benarth, Lewis Lloyd Williams of Hofod Ddwyryd. Richard Lloyd Williams of the lame, Owen Wynne of Peng* uern, William Wynne of Peniarth, John Williams of Dolwyddelen, Clerk,

John Williams of Bettws-yCoed, Robert Howell Wynne of Uangwrn, Clerk,

Henry Williams of Pentir, Clerk, John Williams of the fame, Peter Williams of Bangor, Clerk, Benjamin Wyatt, William White of Glangwna, John Wi'~

Hants ot Bangor, Clerk, John Wilkinson of Shrewsbury, Thomas Wright of Knutsford, William Williams of Caernarvon, Evan Williams of Caernarvon,

Peter Williams of LI unrig, and David Williams of Pengwern, and their Successors, to be defied in Manner herein.after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be Quati6£»tion capable of afling as a Trustee in any Case, in the Execution of this Act, of Tiultces. unless at the Time of his afling therein he shall have, or be seised of in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, and be in the actual Possession,

Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or he Heir Apparent of some Person or Persons seised of such an Estate of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be in Poffdfion of or entitltd to a Personal Estate to the Amount of One thousand Pounds, nor (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation herein-alter mentioned, and giving No ice of the First Meeting of the said Trustees, as herein-after memioned), unless he shall have taken and subscribed, before any Two or more of the said Trustees (who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same), the Oath or Affirmation following; (that is to say),

Do swear, [or, being One of the People called Quakers do fclemnly af-‘ firm]] That I truly and bond fide am lei led of, in my own Right [or,

‘ in the Right of my Wife, as the Case may bc~\ and in the actual Possession,

‘ Enjoyment, and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Re-

prizes [or, am Heir Apparent of a Person who to the btfl of my Know-‘ led ire and Belief is seised of such an Estate of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, [or, am poffrlfed of or entitled unto a Personal Estate

to the Amount of One thousand Pounds.

So help me GOD.’

And if any Person not so qualified shall presume to act in the Execution of this Act, every such Person (boll for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, in any ot His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein noEffcign, Pro-tession, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so prolecuccd shall prove that lie is qualified as aforesaid,

or

792

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that such Acts and Proceedings as shall have been done and performed by any such Person, touching the Execution of this Act, previous to his being convicted of the Offence before mentioned, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

No Trustee to while he bolds any Place of Profit under (his Ait.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Trustee hereby appointed or hereafter to be appointed, shall be capable of acting as such during the Time he shall enjoy any Office or Place of Profit under or by virtue of this Act, or have any Share or Interest in any Contraft or Bargain relating to the Execution thereof, or in any Caie wherein he shall be personally interested.

Mortgagees or

IV. Provided nevertheless, That any Mortgagee, or Assignee of any Mortgage or oihrr Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of any of the Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Inteieft thereout for the fame, shall not on that Account be deemed unqualified or disabled from acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

Trusteesinthe V. Provided also, That such Trustees as are or shall be in the Commis-Co-j.M'non of f10rl of tf,e peace for the said Counties of Caernarvon and Denbigh, or aftai'justiceY. e'ther of them, may act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act,’ notwithstanding their being Trustees.

Election of

VI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Trustee new Trustees. Uiall die, or refuse to act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, from Time to Time to elect, nominate, and appoint, One other Person to be a Trustee in the Room or Stead of such Trustee fd deceased or refusing to act; but Notice of the Time and Piace of the Meeting for every such Election of new Trustees shall be given by the Cletk nr Clerks to the said Trustees, by affixing the fame in W tiring upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected in or upon the said Road, at lealt Fourteen Days before every such Meeting; and every such Person as shall from Time to Time be f> chosen and appointed, is hereby vested with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as if such Person had been named in and appointed a Trustee by this Act.

Trustees may

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Tiuflees may sue and be in' the Nameof luet^ *n '^c Name of their Cletk; and that no Action which may be brought their Clerk, or commenced by or against che laid Trustees, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their Cletk, shall abate or be di(-coutinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the C< nf-nt of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a public k Meeting to be held for that Purpose, but,the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being shall be drem-Clerkto.be ed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be: Pic-Exp-actL vjded always, that every such Clerk, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Costr, Charges, and Damages, as by the Event of every such Proceeding he shall be put to or become chargeable

with

793

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

with, byreason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant in any such Action or Suit as aforesaid.

VIII. And beitfunh(r enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or Time and more of them, shall meet at the House of William Hughes, known by the ^cC°f Name or S gn of the Penrhyn Arms, at Bangor, on the Third Thursday next the Tnfiteee. after this Act shall have received the Royal Assent, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon

and Four of the Clock in the Af ernoon, of which Meeting Notice shall be given in feme Newlpnper circulated in the Neighbourhood, at least Ten Days before such Meeting, by One or more of the said Trustees, at which Time and Place the said Trustees shall proceed to the Election of a Clerk, and to the Execution of this AQ, and may adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and afterwards meet there or at any other Place in or near the said Road, as the said Trustees attending the said Meeting shall think most convenient, as often as it shall be necessary, for putting this Act into Execution > and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn to another Day (Two Trustees being deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only), or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees shall, by Notice in Writing to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then erected on the said Road, at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint the said Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was held, or was appointed to be held, or at some other convenient House in or near the said Road, on that Day Three Weeks from the Day on which such Meeting was held or was appointed to have been held; and in case the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice, or by any Means shall be prevented from giving Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, at any Time or Times after the Space of Ten Days after such Refusal, Neglect, or Prevention of such Clerk or Clerks, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the said Trustees, to meet at some convenient House in or near the said Road, upon that Day Three Weeks after the Date of such last mentioned Notice; and that the Trustees to said Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Charges and Ex- ^p^rs.0,ra pences: Provided always, that no Order, Appointment, or Proceedings of the said Trustees, shall be deemed to be valid, unless made or had at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act (except in Cafes herein particularly provided for); and that no such Act, Order, or Proceeding shall be made or had, unless the Majority of the Trustees present shall concur therein; nor shall any Order or Appointment made at a Meeting of any Five or more of the said Trustees, be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Notice in Writing, specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, be affixed upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected on the said Road, at least Fourteen Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of Three-Fourths of the Trustees present at such Meeting shall decide in Favour of such Revocation or Alteration.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Meetings of Meetings to the Trustees for the Execution of this Acr, shall be held alternately within ^fywitMa the Counties of Caernarvon and Denbigh, and that no Business relating to the Counties such Part of the said Road as shall be within the County of Denbigh, shall be

[Lee. fcf Per.] 9 P done a" "'s '

794

Meetings on Emergencies.

Orders and

Proceedings to be entered in Books, and admitted as Evidence.

Trustees may appoint or remote Officers.

Trustees may allow Officers Salaries.

Officers to account on Oath.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

done or performed at any Meeting to be held within the County of Caernarvon; and that no Business relating to such Part of the said Road as shall be within the County of Caernarvon, shall be done or performed at any such Meeting to be held within the said County of Denbigh.

X. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary by any Five or more of the said Trustees, that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than that Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, the said Clerk, by an Order in Writing signed by Five or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall foithwiih give Notice of such earlier Meeting in the Manner before directed, such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice; and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk for that Purpose, and signed by all or the major Part of the Trustees present at the Meeting at which each respective Order or Proceeding shall be made or had, or by their Chairman or Clerk by their Order; and that every such Book shall be open at all seasonable Times for the Inspection of any of the said Trustees, who shall be at Liberty to take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom, without Fee or Reward.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, by Writing under their Hands, nominate and appoint One or more fit Person or Persons to be Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, and Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and shall take a Bond within One Calendar Month after the Appointment of such respective Officers, with a sufficient Surety, in such Penalty as the said Trustees, dr any Five or more of them, at any Meeting shall direct, conditioned for the Execution of their respective Offices, and also One or more fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and also such other Officers as they, or any Five or more of them, shall think necessary to employ in the Execution of this Act, and from Time to Time to remove any such Clerk, Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer, as they, or any Five or more of them, shall (ee Occasion, and appoint others in Cafes of Death or such Removal; and that out of the Monits to be received by virtue of this Act, such Allowances and Compensations shall be tfiade to the several Officers to be appointed as aforesaid, and to such other Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem proper.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and other Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands, Of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, collected, or received, by virtue of this Act, and how, and to whom, and for what Purpose the lame, or any Part thereof, hath been disposed of, toge-

ther

42° GEORGII III. Cap. si.

ther with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall verify the Accounts upon Oath; and such Officers and Persons shall, and they are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts, shall appear to be in their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same; and if any of the said Officers or Persons shall restife or neglect to render or give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Ariicles thereof on Oath (which Oath any One or more of them is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer), or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands, when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid, or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, within Fourteen Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings, in their respective Custody or Power, anywise relating to the Execution of this Act or to the said Road, and Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Refusal to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, shall be or reflde, by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons on their Behalf, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants, to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to be brought before him, and upon his, her, or their appearing or not appearing (except for soir.e reasonable Excuse), having been first duly summoned, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, might have done; and if upon the Settlement of such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, or upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place by him appointed for that Purpose (except for some reasonable Excuse), or appearing shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to the said Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truth of any such Account, or of the Articles thereof, upon Oath as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in his, her, or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act or to the said Road, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, the said Justice may, and is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol or House ol Correction of the County or Place where he, flic, or they shall be

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 5r.

be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he, she, or they shall have delivered in and settled his, her, or their Accounts, and have verified the fame on Oath, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in his, her, or their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale as Ih.tll in that respect have been made, or until he, she, or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the fame, and paid the Compoficion Money to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more t;f them, are hereby in such Case empowered to make), or until he, she, or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them: Provided always, that no Person shall be committed for Want of sufficient Distress for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, upon the Death, Incapacity, Ab-fconding, Misbehaviour, or Absence of any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, any Five or more of the said Trustees, although not at a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and may lawfully discharge such Collector or Receiver who shall abscond, misbehave, or become incapable, or absent himself as aforesaid, and nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver so dying or being discharged, and to continue until the next Meeting of the said Trustees; which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all Respects as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his said Office by the said Trustees, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Reprel'entatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die, abscond, absent himself, or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse or neglect to deliver up the PoflelTion of any Toll House or Building to be erected or set up by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Ten Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given or left on the Premises for that Purpose, by or under the Hands of any Three or more of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, then and in any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Toll House or Building shall be, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer for the same County, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day Time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, and the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or their Clerk, or their new appointed Officer, into the Possession thereof, with the Appurtenances.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in laying out the said intended Road, the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required to form the Junction between the lame and the present Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Conway to the Town of Caernarvon, at some

Place

797

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

Place or Part thereof between the River Ogwen and the River Cegin.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trust'es, or any Seven Pow-rtoereil or more of them, shall and may erect and frt lip, or lause to be erefled XolHoufau or set up. One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpike1, in, upon, and across the said Road, at any Place or Places within the Extent of the said Road, and also may erect oi set up, or cause to be erefled and set up, on the Side or Side.' of any Part of the said Road, where any Highway joins or meets the Dme, as many Side Gates or Turnpikes as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper, wnh a Toll House, and proper and necessary Buildings, Gardens, Conveniences, and Fences, near to each such Gates or Turnpikes, whether across the said Road or on the Side or Sides thereof, and may from Time to Time afterwards remove, aiter, cr discontinue the said Turnpike Gates or Toll Houses, or any of them, as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think expedient; and that the relpcflive Toils following shall be demanded anO taken of the Person or Persons attending any Horses, Cattle, or C irriage% by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint, at each of the said Gates or Turnpikes, befo/e any Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, Cattle or Carriages, shall be pc/mitted to pass through the fame j (that is to %)»

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle drawing any Tells.

Coach, Berlin, Landau, Machine, Hearse, Chariot, Chaise, Calalh, Caravan, Chaise-Marine, Litter, Bed Carriage, Curricle, Chair, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Eight-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast or Cattle, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Eight-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Pigs, the Sum of Sixpence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number

And that on every Sunday after the passing of this Act, there shall be Double Toll demanded and taken at each of the said Gates or Turnpikes, by such beukenT'" Person or Persons so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, before any Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Horse, Cattle, or other Beast, shall be permitted to pass through the fame. Double the Tolls before directed to be taken on any other Day of the Week, which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken as Tolls; Recovery, and if any Person or Persons, subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, by himself, hers-lf, or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he, she, or they shall think necessary (and which Abidance all Persons are hereby required to give if called upon) to feixe and distrain any Horse or Horses, or other Beasts or Cattle, upon [Loc. £s? Per.] 9 Q which

798

Tolls, and the Money borrowed thrre-on, velt« d in t'uc Trustees

Leafing the Toils.

Tolls to be pnid but Once in repairing, except, etc.

D'.fputes concerning Tolls to be settled by a Justice.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51;

which such Toll is by this Act imposed, together with their Bridles. Saddles, Geers, Harness, or Accoutrements, or a sufficienc Part thereof} and it such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after such Seizure and Drttrels made, the Person or Persons so seizing and difbain-ing shall and may tell the Horie or Horses, Cattle, or other Things so seized or distrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus (if any be) and what shall remain unfold, upon Demand, to the Owner thereof after such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, shall be deducted and paid; and that all the Tolls anil Monies so to be collected and levied, or the Money borrowed or to be borrowed on ihe Credit thereof, shall be and are hereby vested in the Did Trustees, and shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, to and for the leve-ral Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in such Manner as is herein mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trulters, or an/Five or more of them,from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to lease the Tolls arising within or in relation to any Part or Parts of the said Road, unto any Person or Persons from Year to Year, or for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the bell Rent that can be got for the fame, payable at such Times, under such Covenants, and to such Person or Persons, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct or appoint; and the Money arising the reby shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls so leased are directed to be applied.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have paid Toll for passing through any Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act, shall be subject to any Toll for returning through such Turnpike the same Day, before Twelve of the Clock at Night of the same Day, with the fame Horse or Horles, Cattle, or Carriage, but shall return Toll free (except such Waggon, Cart, Caravan, Timber Carriage, or other Carriage, which shall pass or repass through any of the said Turnpikes, laden with any Lading of the Weight of Five hundred Pounds or upwards, of Five Score to the hundred, and shall return the same Day also laden with any Lading of the Weight of Five hundred Pounds or upwards as aforesaid, or any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with Four Wheels, Chaise Marine, Diligence, Chaise with Four Wheels, or Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriage or Carriages now is, are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall be kept or used by or for any Person or Persons as a publick Stage Coach or Stage Coaches, or Stage Carriages employed in carrying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places), on delivering a Note or Ticket to the Collector of the Tolls at such respective Turnpikes, which Note or Ticket such Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Toll.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Quantity of Tolls due or the Charges or keeping any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person distraining to retain the fame, or the Money arising by Sale thereof (as the Case may happen), until the Quantity of Tolls due, and Charges of seizing, distraining,

keeping,

799

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

keeping, and felling the Distress, shall be ascertained by some Justice or Justicts of the Peace for the said Counties of Caernarvon and D.nbigh, or either of them, who, upon Application made to him or them for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter on Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and determine the Quantity of the Tolls due, and afiefs the Charges of such Seizure, Distress, Keeping, and Sale, and also of the Collector’s Attendance for that Purpose on the said Justice or Just ccs; all which Sums so determined or affected shall be paid to the said Collector or other Person, before he shall be obliged to return the Distreis, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Coiteftors of Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, or

any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the lame, or any nesses. other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be and are hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies to arise by Application of virtue or to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, the said Trustees, or the Money, any Five or more of them, shall first pay and discharge the Expences of procuring and passing this Act, and the Remainder of such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied in erecting Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and in widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and in defraying the needfary Charges and Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and in paying the Principal and Interest of any Money to be borrowed by virtue thereof, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all Turnpike* the said Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and other Buildings to be erected or levelled provided upon, at ihe Side of, or near the said Road, and of the Mate- in the Trustee* rials for building or altering the fame, and all Materials, Tools, and other Things which shall be provided, colle-dted, or made use of for repairing or otherwise improving the said Road or for executing this Act, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to bring Actions in the Name or Names of any Five or more of them, or of their Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, or to prefer Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take away, or damage any such Turnpikes, Toll Houses, or other Buildings, Materials, Tools, or other Things as aforesaid, or disturb the said Trustees, or any of them, or any of their Collectors, or other Officers, in the Possession thereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Trusteesmjy or more of them, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose (whereof ifoNs and Ten Days Notice shall be given in Writing, by affixing the fame on all raisethem the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act) may and agaiI%lf they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to reduce all or any of nc

the Tolls hereby granted, and to order such Tolls so reduced to be collected and received in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions, as they shall think fit, so that such Reduction be no Prejudice to, and be with the Consent of Five Sixth-Parts in Value of the several Persons who shall have advanced any Money on the Credit of the said Tolls at the Time of such

Reduction j

Soo

Tru flees may compound.

For exempting the Inhabitants i f Yfputty and other Places from the Payment of Toll in going to 01 returning from Ltanrnvji Market.

Exemption from Tolls.

42° GEORGII lit Cap. 51.

Reduction; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may and they are hereby empowered to raise the said Tolls again, or any Fart thereof, so that the lame do not exceed the respective Tolls herein-before granted; and such Tolls, so reduced and raised again, shall be collected, recovered, paid, and applied, in the same Manner as the Tolls, herein-before granted are directed to be collected, recovered, paid, and applied.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to compound for any Term, not exceeding Three Years at a Time, with any Person or Persons, for any Carriages, Horses, Beads, or Cattle travelling on the said Road, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Carriages, Hotfes, Beads, or Cattle; and all such Compofmon Money shall be paid in advance quarterly, or otherwise as the said Trustees shall appoint, and in Default thtreof, the Compofuion shall be void.

XXV. And be it further enacted and declared, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any Gate or Gates, to be set up or erected by virtue or under the Authority of this Act, of or from any of the present or future Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of Llanrwjt, which lies on the South Side of the said intended Road, or of or from any of the present or future Inhabitants of the several Parishes or Places called Tfputty Evan, Penmachno, Bettws-y-Coed, Dolwyddden, Trewydirt and Capel Cerrig, or any or either of them; or for any Horse, Cattle, or other Bead, or any Cart or Carriage, or any Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Pigs, belonging to and bond

fide the Property of any such Inhabitants, in going from their respective Places of Habitation to the Town of Llannvjl, or in returning from the said Town to their said respective Places of Habitation on each and every regular Market Day throughout the Year, or on the several Days on which the Fairs are usually held within the said Town.

XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Cattle or Carriages laden only with Stone, Brick, Gravel, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Road, or for repairing the Highways in any Township, Parish, or Place through which the said Road leads, or laden only with Lime, Sand, Dung, Marl, Soil, Mould, Compod, or other Manure, of what Nature or Kind soever, to be used in manuring or improving of Land; or for any Cattle or Carriage laden only with Hay, Hay Grass, Sanfoin, Fodder, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, Yards, or other Places belonging to the Inhab;tants of any of the said Townships, Parishes, or Places (except Carts or Carriages laden with any Hay or Straw for Sale) or for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry belonging to any of the said Inhabitants passing in order to the using or repairing the fame, or for any Cattle or Carriages going empty and unladen for, or returning empty and unladen after having carried such Stones, Bricks, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, or for the repairing the Highways in any Township, Parish, or Place through which the said Road, or any Part thereof leads, or going empty or unladen for, or returning empty or unladen after having carried such Lime, Sand, Dung, Marl, Soil, Mould, Comport, or

other

8oi

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

other Manure, of any Kind or Nature whatsoever, to be used in manuring and improving of Land, or any Hay or Corn in the Straw, to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, Yards, or other Places belonging to the Inhabitants of any of the said Townships, Parishes, or Places, or any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry belonging to the said Inhabitants , nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Reifor, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his fitk Parishioners; or of or from any Person or Persons in any of the said Townships, Parishes, or Places, for p.’.fling through any of the said Turnpikes on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, to or from his, her, or their respective Parish Church or other usual Place of Religious Worship licensed according to Law; or for any Cattle or Carriage conveying the Corpse or attending the Funeral of any Person to be interred in any of the said Parishes or for any Cattle belonging to any of the said Inhabitants which shall be only going to or returning from Pasture or Water; or for any Cattle or Carriage bl onging to any Inhabitant of any Township, Parish, or Place wherein any such Turnpike shall be erected, which shall be only passing to the Smith’s Shop in order to be Ihoed, farried, or repaired, or for the Return of any such Cattle or Carriages unloaden; or for any Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Plufbandry belonging to any of the said Inhabitants going to or returning from any Wheelwright’s Shop, empty and unladen, to be altered or amended, or being made new in passing through any Gate from the said Shop to the Place of Residence of any such Inhabitant; or for any Cattle or Carriage belonging to any of the said Inhabitants, going to or returning from any Corn Mill or any Oat Kiln for or with any Com, Grain, Malt, Whear, or Flour, for the Owner’s Use or Consumption in his or her Dwelling House and not for Sale nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horses or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding Mails of Letters and Exprefies under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, or in returning back from conveying or guarding the fame; or for the Horses of Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for Cattle or Carriages attending them, or laden only with their Arms or Bag°a»e; or for Horses or Cariiages travelling with Vagrants'lent by legal Passes; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calashes, Chaises, Chairs, or Passengers on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said several Counties of Caernarvon and Denbigh, or either of them, on the respective Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall fraudulently claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, from the Whole or any Part of the several Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, not being entitled to the fame, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons owning or occupying any Land near to any of the said Turnpikes or Roads, shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pass through any Gate, Pillage, Inclosure, or private Way, with any Horse, Cattle, or [Loc. & Per.J 9 R Carriage,

Penalty on permitting Persons to 50 through private Grountlt, He.

J

802

The Trustees of this Act not to interfere with the Con-way and Caernarvon Roads.

Trustees enabled to borrow Money on the Credit of the Tolls.

Form of Mortgage.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

Carriage, or if any Person or Persons shall pass through any such Gate, Passage, Inclosure, or private Way, with any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Cattle from any such Carriage, with an Intent to avoid paying any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near to the said Road any Cattle or Carriage as aforesaid, every Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or he constiued to extend to authorize the Trustees for executing this Act, to interfere with the Trusts and Management of the present Road leading from the said Town of Conway to the said Town of Caernarvon, nor in any Respect to give Power or Authority for the said Trustees toereft orfet up, or cause tobe erected or set up, any Toll Gate or Turnpike between the Junction of the said intended Road, and the said Road at or near the Village of Llandegai aforesaid, and the said Ferry called Porthaethwy otherwise Bangor Ferry; but the same shall be and is hereby declared to continue under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Road, in the same Manner as the fame were before the passing of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, whefeof Ten Days Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed upon ali the Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act, may and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, by any Writing or Instrument under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage the Tolls to be collected and levied ac any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes, or any Part thereof respectively, and also the respective Toll Floufes arid Appurtenances for coiltfting the fame (the Charges of assigning or mortgaging the same to be paid out of such Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed by the said Trustees upon the Credit of such Tolls, to such Person or Persons, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance and lend the lame, to secure the Repayment thereof, with such legal or less Interest as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, which said Money so to be borrowed shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as the Tolls are herein directed to be applied and disposed of; and that such Mortgage or Mortgages, or Afilgnmenrs, may be in the Form following, or such other Form as the said Trustees making the same shall think proper

I>Y virrue of an Act made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of ‘ His Majesty King George the Third, in; ituled [here Jet forth the Title

of this A£l~\ We of the Trustees appointed under the said Act,

in Confederation of the Sum of to the

‘ Treasurer of the said ltoad in Hand pai 1, do grant, bargain, fell, and demile unto A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Adigns, tuch

Proportion of the Tolls arising upon tire said Read, and of the Turn-

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51. ' 8c

‘ pikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum due and

owing on the Credit thereof: To be had and holden from this ‘ Day of in the Year of our Lord

for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of , with Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Cert.

‘ turn per Annum, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Bo^ks to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, and which said Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected by the said Trustees or Mortgagees, or any Person or Persons on their Behalf, without Fee or Reward; and every Person to whom any Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, n ay from Time to Time transfer his or her Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit to the said Mortgage, and the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on the Back of such Security, or by any other Writing under his or her Hand, before One credible Witness, in the following Words or Words to the like Effect:

4 r Do transfer this Mortgage [[or, a certain Mortgage, as the Case may Form of 4 be~\, with all my Right and Title to the Principal thereby secured, Transfer,

and to all Interest now due upon the fame, unto

4 Executors, Admin istrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day

4 of a. b:

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer within Twenty-one Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates, and Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein transferred, for which the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid such Sum of Money as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and so toties qrnties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except such to whom the same shall be ialt transferred), to make void, release, or discharge the original Security, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be made by virtue of this Act, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned.

Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of- the Time of Advance of any Sum or Sums of Money on such Mortgages or Mortgage, or of the Dates thereof respectively.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money arising by rn case the the Tolls authorized to be taken on the Road leading from the Town of in°'onTh* c'l-Lhnvorft, in the County of Denbigh, through the Towns of Conway, Ban- wly°and Carr-gor, and Caernarvon, to the Town of Pwllheli, in the said County of a7^in°Uffi Caernarvon, shall at any Time be inl'uffident to pay tile Inrereft of the cienttoplythe Money now due on the Credit of the said Tolls, after the Rate of Five In,ertft of the

D - Money due rOlindS thereon, the

Trustees of the intended Kend to make up the Deficiency.

Trustees msy alter or divert the Road,

Where Own*

ers, &c. of Land rtfufe to treat;

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

Pounds per Centum per Annum, then and in such Case the Ti uflees for executing this Act dial I and they are hereby required to pay any Deficiency of the I nitre ft of the said Money, after the Rate aforesaid, out of the Tolls granted by this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Paid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby fully empowered from Time to Time, a.s they shall think proper, to divert, turn, shorten, vary, or aiter the Courie or Path of any Parr dr Parts of the Road comprized in this Act, and that the said Road, or any Vaiiation thereof, may be made of any "Width, not exceeding Sixty Feet; and that any Alteration, Divtrfion, Variation, or widening of the said Road, may be made ihrough any Commons or Waste Grounds without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private or inclosed Lands or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein for the Damage they may sustain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, for the Pure'hase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, or changing the Coutfe or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road through such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful lor all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, or other Trustees svhatsoever, not only for or cn Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Surcefiors, but also for and on Behalf of Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trufis, and all other Persons whomsoever, to contract and agree with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Sale of such Lands or hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or for their Interests therein, fur the Purposes of this Act, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be or require; and all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, and Convey, ances, which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all Persons shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or any such Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, Elufbands, Guardians, or any other Person or Persons as aforesaid interested in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them, eiven or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of tnc Plead Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands and Hereditaments intended to be taken in and added to any Part of the said Road, or through which the said Road is to be diverted, widened, turned, shortened, altered, or varied as aforesaid, shall, for the Spare of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refute to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Case the said

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51. 805

laid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause it to be enquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indif- tobcieitied ferent Men of the County wherein such Lands, Grounds, or Here- by a Jury, dicaments shall be situate (which Oaths any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer), what Damage will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction (halt be made to such Owners or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested, for or on Account of the taking of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, into the said Road, or of making, widening, diverting, or changing the said Road or any Part thereof through the lame; and in order thereunto witness to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time to summon before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought nrcefiary and proper to be examined concerning the Premises ("which Oath any 7'wo or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer), and they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, by ordering the said Jury to view the said Places in Question, or otherwise, ufeall lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s better Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so enquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damage and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall order, adjudge, and direct the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners or Proprietors of, or Person or Persons interested in the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; v«rdiftof which Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgement or Determination, so had Jury to be and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well abl’ent as present. Infants, Femes Covert, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Person or Persons whomsoever, and against all and every such Owners and Proprietors; and all and every Person and Persons anywise interested in such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, excluded and diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property, of, in, to, or out of the same.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, for the summoning and re- Ry Trustees turning such Jury or Juries, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of Warrant, them, are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County where such Lands or Hereditaments shall lie, jury, thereby commanding him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return Twenty-four such Persons as aforesaid, and out of the Persons so impannelled and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall Iwear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid, and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen,

[Lee. £jf Per.'] 9 S the

8o6

Jurors may be challenged, and Sheriff and Jury fined for Default.

Money allowed for Lands, &£ how to be charged and tendered; although the Money tendered be not accept d, the Lands may be laid to the Roads.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. $i.

the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service to the Number of Twelve; and that the said Trul-tees, and all Persons intereded, shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; and that the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, aiding in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies Bailiffs, or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who being summoned and returned on such Jury shall noc appear (except (or some reasonable Excuse), or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn shall refule to give or shall not give his or their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein (contrary to the true Intent of this Act), and on any Person or Persons who being summoned to give Evidence before the said Jury as aforesaid, touching the Premises, shall not attend (except for some lea-lbnable Excuse), or attending shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence touching the fame, so that no such Fine exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings upon any Person for One Offence.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or ascertained as aforesaid, shall be and is and are hereby charged upon the said Tolls, or upon the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of such Tolls, and shall be paid thereout accordingly, either into the Bank of England, or as the Case may require, to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents; and that upon Tender or Payment thereof, to such Persons respectively, or their Agents, and in case of Refusal to accept the fame, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said Trustees, for the Use of such Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, their Surveyors, W rkmen, or Agents, to enter into or upon, and to take or add to the said Roads such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, and to do all and every such Ad, Matter, and Thing, in relation to such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, so added to, taken in, or made a Part of the said Road, shall be fenced from the adjoining Lands by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of the said Road, hereby directed to be made and maintained, for ever thereafter, and shall, to all Intents and Purposes be a publick and common Highway, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means as the Road hereby directed to be repaired is by this Act to be repaired; and after such new Road Hvall be completed, the Lands and Grounds, conlhtuting the old or former Road (unless leading over some Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, or to some Village, Town, or Place, to which such new Road doth not lead), shall be vested in the said Trustees, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by them, or any F'ive or more of them, for the bed Price that can be gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act; provided, that in all Cafes the Preference shall be given and allowed to the Proprietors of the adjoining Lands, if they or either of them chuse to treat for the fame; and in case they shall be dissatisfied with the Terms offered by the said Trustees, the Difference maybe adjusted and determined by Two Persons, One to be appointed

7 by

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51. 807

by each Party; and in case the said Proprietors do not, within Fourteen Days, acquiesce in such Determination, or do not appoint a Person on their Behalf as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to fell the Lands in Question to any Person or Persons whoml’oever; and all Deeds of Conveyance executed by the said Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the respective County, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give HowtheEx. in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence pence* of the for the Right, Interest, or Property, of any Person or Persons, in any shall b* Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the heating and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for lets Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right Interest, or Property in, or Lois or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining such Difference, shall be paid and borne by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall have such Controversy or Dil'pute, which said Colts and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the said respective Counties of Caernarvon or Denbigh, not interfiled in the Matter in Question (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame), shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, in and by such Ways and Means, as are herein-after provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- whenamount-ments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powtrs of this Act for inE to*oo/> the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the said Trustees, to the Intent that such

Money

8og 42° GEORGII III. Cap. $i.

Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lards, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intenrs, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Mcrtuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court ro be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled co the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any ivhtTe the Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or is lefi than Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and exceedao/1*11 belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed so far as the Calc be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51. 809

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be Money is left less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be rhanw applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purr chafed, taken, or used, for the s of this AG, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ulc and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That Trustees not the Power and Authority given to the said Trustees, as aforesaid, shall not Houses'e'r'1 extend to the pulling down any Dwelling House or other Building, or taking in the Scite of any House or other Building, or any Part thereof, or to take in any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Grounds planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Parc thereof respectively, without cite Consent of the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and the several Persons interested therein respectively £ any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Road hereby authorized to Theinhabit-be amended, widened, turned, and varied, shall be deemed and taken to be J"J*t0pat1h1^|,g* and shall be a publick Highway for ever, to all Intents and Purposes what- Tolnships,' ’ soever, and that the Inhabitants of the several Townships, Districts, or Distrias, or Places, through which the said Road shall lead, pal’s, and extend, shall be diblTm'ie- and for ever continue subject and liable to the Repair thereof, in like pair the Manner and in every Refprd as they are by Law liable to the Repair R'"ad-of any other common Highway in the said Townships, Parishes, or Places.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are liable to Statute Work, or chargeable towards repairing and amending the Road hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and nny be lawful to and fur any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Caernarvon and Denbigh, or either of them, in their rdpeGive JurisdiGions, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to adjudge and determine what Parc or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road, by the Inhabitants of the respective Pai ifhes or Places in which the said Road doth lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parishor Place, in-lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers-, and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices in their respective JurisdiGions, from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices respectively at fume Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons^, of the Names of the several Persons who within every such Pa-[Ler. Ss* Per.] 9 T rish

Persons chargeable to Statute Work to continue so j to determine Differences touching Statute Work.

8io 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

rish or Place, are by Law subject: and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguislung the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be so paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect, for the Repairs of the publick Highways, and out of such Lifts the said Justice . rclprctively shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to the Statute Woik as aforesaid, to do I'uch Number of Days Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices respectively shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvtft), and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices respectively shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subjrct and liable to the Payment of any Money, in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices respectively shall think proper, to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices respectively shall direct and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered, and each and every Person who shall neglecc or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labouiers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the publick Highways , and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn oft the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be Lbject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

wnnpound'for

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

statut* Work, and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for t he

Repairs

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51. 811

Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the said Road or any fart thereof, and all'o with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereaitaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road, which Composition shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer or 'l'reasurers of the said Trustees, in Advance, on or before the First Day of February in each and every Year.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Trusteeimay or more of them, at a Meeting to be held*, whereof Notice in Writing, cubonfat'the specifying the Time, Place, and Purpose for which such Meeting is Expence of intended to be held, shall be affixed upon the Turnpike Gace or Gates the Tolls. then erected by virtue of this Act, at lead Ten Days previous to the Time when such Meeting is appointed to be held, may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, when and as often as they shall think fit and necessary, to direct Indiftmenis to be preferred and prosecuted at the Expence of the Revenues arising by virtue of this Act, against the Inhabitants of all or any of the Townships, Parishes, Districts, or Places through which the said Road paffrs, and against the Hundred liable to repair Bridges, who shall have neglected or refused respectively to repair the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyorsmay Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Perl' ns as he or they shall remove An-direct and appoint (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order from noylnce*>'c the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for that Purpose) to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part of the said Road, by Filth,

Dung, Allies, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses,

Sinks, or Drains, running into, along, and our of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, (cour, and cleanse any Watercourses or Ditches adjoining to the said Road, and make the same as deep and large as he or or they shall think proper and necessary, and to cut down, lop, or top, any Trees or Bufties growing in the said Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjoining thereto, and within Ten Yards of the Centre thereof, and to take and carry away the fame in case the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises shall neglect to remove the fame, or cut down or carry away such Trees or Bullies as aforesaid, or to open, scour, or cleanle such Watercourses or Ditches, or to remove such other Annoyances, for the Space of Six Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Pmpose, under the Hand or Hands of such Surveyor or Surueyors, and the Charges thereof, to be settled by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of th m, shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, and the same shall be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be recovered; and if alter Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Kind, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than 1 en Shillings.

8l2

Surveyors mar erect Bridges, &c.

Surveyors may take Gravel, etc. in Waste Grounds without paying for tfhe fame.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to make or cause to be made Footways or Cauieways in, upon, or by the Side or Sides of the said Road, and to erect, support, and repair any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, upon any Part of the said Road, and across any River, Brook, Stream, Ditch, or Drain therein, and to cut and make Drains through any Lands lying contiguous to the said Road, and also to make or cause to be made a Road through the Grounds adjoining any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Road (not being the Ground whereon any Houses or other Buildings (land, or a Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), to be made Use of by all Passengers, Cattle, Carriages, and otherwise, as a publick Highway, whilst the old, narrow, or ruinous Road is widening or repairing, and till it shall be convenient and fate for Passengers and Carriages to psfs thereon, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of such Grounds respectively through which any such Drains shall be made, or whereon such Bridges or Arches shall be erected, or through which any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may sustain thereby, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; and in case of any Difference concerning the same between such Owners and Occupiers and the said Trustees, that then it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, assembled at the next General Quarter Srflions for either of the said Counties of Caernarvon and Denbigh (as the Cale may be), or at the Second Quarter Sessions at the farthest, to settle, adjudge, and determine what Recompence shall be made to such Owners and Occupiers for the Damage they shall have sustained as aforesaid; which Determination shall be final.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor and Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, gather, and take away any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Sand, Stones, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Road, in and out of any River or Brook, or out of any Moor, Wade, or Common Grounds, in any Township, Parish, District, or Place, in or near which any Part of the said Road doth or shall lie, withouc paying any Thing for such Materials, such Surveyor or Surveyors levelling or causing to be levelled all such Holes and Pits, or otherwise causing the same to be raised or fenced off, where or from whence any such Materials shall be dug, gathered, or taken away, in such Manner as that the same shall not be dangerous to any Cattle, or Travellers whatsoever, and paying for the Damages done by landing, and for going over or through any Lands, Grounds, or private Lands or Roads for or with such Materials; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person and Persons as he or they shall appoint (such Surveyor or Surveyors first having an Order in Writing of any Five or more of the said Trustees for that Purpose), to search for, dig, gadier, and cake away such Materials in and out of the several Grounds of any Person or Persons (not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, or planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, Lawn, or inclosed Plantation, or any Piece of Ground inclosed, planted, and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), paying such Rates

8r3

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

for such Materials, and for the Damages done to the Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for the Repair of the said Road shall be carried, as the Did Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Differ- Di(rerences to ence concerning the same, the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of be settled at them afirmbled at the next General Quarter Sessions, or at the Second J^srterSei* General Quarter Sessions at the farthest, to be holden for the said respective County, shall and may hear, adjudge, and determine the fame j from which Determination there shall be no Appeal.

XLVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall Surveyors not not be lawful for any such Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons, under MarVnlls out the Authority of this Act, to take and carry away Materials for repairing of private the said Road from any indofed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writ- ^,thout'’ving ing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises fi om which such Notice to the Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual °ccuPlel*-Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County where such Lands are situated, to shew Cause why such Maerials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justices shall, if they think meet, authorize such Surveyor or other Person to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Ti ne or Times as to such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Justices, shall seem proper-, and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees, or any Five or mo-e of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty on whosoever shall take away any Materials which shall have been digged, gotten, or gathered for the Repair or Ule of the said Road, or shall raise raised by Sur-or carry away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been V£y°r*-made, dug, or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Road, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have difeonrinued working therein for the Space of Fourteen Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his own private Use only and not for Sale), every Person To offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor leis than Forty Shillings.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Road to be or more of them, shall canfe the said Road to be measured, and Stones or ^?ef",te<1n*nd Polls to be set up in or near the Sides of the said Road, at the Distance of erected.0 One Mile from each ether, denoting the Distance of every such Stone or Poll from any Town or Place, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, and also proper Direction Pods; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up or damage any such Pods or Stones, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks, which shall be in-feribed thereon, and be thereof convicted before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or before any One or more Justice or Justices of ILic. & Per.] 9 U the

8i4

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

the Peace for either of the said Counties of Caernarvon and Denbigh, either by the Confession of the Party or by the Oath of One credible Witness, such Person or Persons so offending shall respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, for each Stone or Post so wilfully broken, pulled up, obliterated, or defaced, to be levied and Penalty on recovered as herein-after mentioned; or if any Person shall haul or draw or gin"*t°Timber" cause to he hauled or drawn upon any Part of the said Road any Tree or or Stone on Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon any wheeled Carriage, the Road. or fufyer any part any jrec or pjCre of Timber, which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Cariiage, to drag upon any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing upon any Part of the said Road, to be made into Manure, or fh.dl scrape oft the fame, or any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing, which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road, with any sharp pointed Instrument, so as to damage the said Road or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Waig, Cart, or other Carriage, in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Road, either with or without any Horle or Bead harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall Jay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Brick, Hay, S raw. Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, in any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice or Annoyance thereof, or of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, and be convicted thereof by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One credible Witness before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said respective Counties (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to him or them for that Purpose, to administer), every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum not more than Forty Shillings nor lets than Twenty Shillings for every such Offence, One Moiety wheiecf shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Trustees may L. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are repairingUie ^ere^y empowered, from Time to Time, to contract and agree with any Roadi. Person or Persons for making, repairing, widening, altering, turning, or amending the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for doing any other Work to be done in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money, as the said Trustees shall think proper; and that all Contradts and Agreements in Writing, entered into purl'uant to an Order made at any Meeting by the said Trustees, shall be binding to ^nd upon the said Trustees and their Successors, and also to and upon all other Parties who shall sign the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators respectively, and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Colts recovered against the Party or Parties failing in the Execution of such Contradts or Agreements.

Penalty on

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons IhaJJ af- the Execution interrupt, or hinder, or cause or promote to be assaulted, interrupted,

of his* Act.0 or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees, employed in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than 'twenty Shillings.

9

42° GEORGII lit. C-ap. 5u 815

LII. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against: this Act may be rower to tranuent Persons, unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Offi- j"tto cers under this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for ron8fuiJty*of the Lid Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and Offence*, detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence as aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing, and such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectivrly is and are hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the Conviction or Acquittal of such Offender or Offenders, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty or Special Sessions to be holden for the County or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed; and on such Conviction, or for Want of sufficient Security, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, District, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain until he, she, or they shall pay the respective Penalty by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, or shall give such Security as aforesaid.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Penalty by this Act Any Justice imposed shall be incurred, dr any Offence by this Act created shall have penalties been committed, the Method of Proceeding in respect to which is not incurred, herein-before particularly directed,any One of His Majesty's Justices of the and Peace for the County in which the Offence shall be committed, may and determine he is hereby required, upon Complaint and Information to him thereof thereon, made, to summon before him the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint or Information shall be made, to answer the Matter thereof, and at the Time and Place appointed by such Summons, the Person or Persons complained of or informed against appearing before the said Justice, or in case of his, her, or their not appearing (except for some reasonable Excuse), Proof being made upon Oath before the Paid Justice of thepersonal --Service of such Summons, or that a Duplicate or true Copy of t he fame was left at the Dwelling House or last known Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, the said Justice may and is hereby required, whether the fai'd Person or Persons complained of or informed against do or do not appear, to proceed to examine the Merits of such Complaint and Informal ion, and if such Offence or Offences shall be confessed by the Person or Persons so complained of and informed against, or be duly proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice, by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, such Justice may and he is hereby required forthwith to convict fu> h Offender or Offenders, and to adjudge him, her, or them to pay such Penalty or Penalties as he, she, or they shall be therefore liable unto by virtue of this Act; and if such Penalty or Penalties shall not be paid immediately, in case such Offender or Offenders appear personalfy to answer such Complaint or Information, or in caeof his or their Non-appearance, without sufficient Excuse, to answer such Complaint or Information, wuhin Three Days after Notice of such Conviction given to such Offender or Offenders, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or last known Place of Abode, and Proof thereof, and of the Non-payment of such Penalty or Penalties, made to such Justice upon Oath, such Justice shall.

816

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the fame, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Complaint and Information, and of the Distress and Sale to be made purfusnt to such Warrant, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders; and if sufficient Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders cannot be found to answer such Distress, then such Justice is hereby required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be apprehended and brought before him the said Justice; and in cale such Penalty or Penalties, and the Costs and Charges of such Proceedings as aforesaid, to be settled as aforesaid, shall not be immediately paid, such Justice is hereby required forthwith to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said respective County or Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor left than Ten Days, unless the said Penalties, and such Costs and Charges as aforesaid, shall be sooner paid, or unless such Offender or Offenders shall have compounded for such Penalties, Costs, and Charges, with the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and paid such Composition, which the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and accept.

Application of

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures Penalties. by this Act imposed (other than and except such or such Parts thereof as are by this Act other wise directed to be paid) shall be paid to the said Trustees, their Treal'urer or Surveyor, or other Person or Persons by them appointed Trustees to to receive the same, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and fons*affirtfn" for t^lc kid Trustees, from Time to Time if they shall

inTpprehenci fee Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, ingextenders. as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Moiety of them, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers, or any Person or Persons taking or seizing, or afffting the rein; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Form of Conriction.

LV. And be it further enacted, That Convictions for Offences against this Act may be drawn up in the following Form or to the like Effect; (that is to say),

1‘ r>E it remembered, That on the fhere insert the Day of the o wit . t D Month and Year of cur Lord, aid of the King’s Reign] A. B.

is convicted before me C.D. One of Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of on his own Confession [or, on the Oath

‘of a credible Witness, or

and credible Witnesses, as the

Cafe may he] of [here specify the Offence, and the Time and Place when ‘ and where the fame was committedJ contrary to an Act passed in the ‘ Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled,

[here set forth the Title of this Act], and I the said Justice do adjudge ‘ the said-rf. B. to have thereby incurred the Penalty of

to be paid, recovered, and applied, in Manner directed by the said Act. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year aforesaid.’

Which Conviction shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and* Purposes.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. sI.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case #ny Pi rlon or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by any Thing done in put fuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief has been already hereby appointed, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held within the County re-l'pcctively, or in case the Caule of Complaint shall ari'e within Fourteen Days next before such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, then such Appeal may be made to such Justices at the Second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held within the County respectively, who are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to deter, mine the Complaint of every such Person in a summary Way; and if they fee Cause may, by Order of such Sections, mitigate at their Discretion all or any of the Penalties aforesaid, or vacate or set aside the Conviction, and let the Party at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, with such Costs as to them shall seem reasonable, and to make such Orders and Judgements in regard to the Premises as they shall think fit; but the Person or Persons so appealing shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, of such his, her, or their Intention of bring- ing such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof. Eight Days before the said Quarter Sessions, and shall also enter into sufficient Bail, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, for prosecuting such Appeal, and abiding such Orders as shall be made therein.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act, shall be quashed quath-d for or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, Want of or any other Writ or Process, into any of His Majesty's Courts of rCmo,’ed°by Record at Wefimiafttr i any Law or Statute to the contrary notwith- Ctmcran. Handing.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in purfu- Actions, ance of this Act, the same shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next afer the Offence committed, or Cause of Action or Suit accrued, and not afterward', and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in Inch Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this A a; and if it shall appear so to have been done, or that such Action or Suit shall be commenced after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may have and recover Treble Costs, Treble Cod*, and have the like Remedy for the same as any other Defendant or Defendants hath or have by Law in other Cafes.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons tubferiber* to who have subscribed Money for and towards making, amending, widening, !Tnp"onM^ ['Lot. & fer.^ 9 X, improving, nej.

8f7

Appeal to Quarter Sef-

ftu.it.

«,8i8 4 GEORGII III. Cap. $1.

improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road, shall and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums so by them respectivey subsc.'ibed, in such Parts and Proportions, within such Time and Times, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, by any Writing under their Jdands, authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sue for and recover the fame, either in their own Name or in the Name of the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

Publick Aa.

LX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, observed, and taken to be a publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without Specially pleading the same.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all the Tolls and Powers hereby given, shall commence and take Effect immediately on the passing hereof, and shall be put in Execution and continue in Force from thenceforth for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years then next ensuing, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parka, ment.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

Commencement and Term of the Act

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 52.

An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act passed in the Foriy-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for Repairing the Roads from the Town of Stockbriage, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winch eft er, and from the said City through Bellmour Lane to the Top of Stephen s Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said County; and from the said City of Winchester through Otterborne to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, as relates to the South District of the Southampton Road.

[7th May 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Alls made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Twentieth Ttar of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the [Loc. & Per.] 9 Y Roads

41 Geo. 3.

822

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Bellmour Lane to the Top of Stephen’s Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop’s Waltham, in the said County; and from the said City of Winchester through Otter-bourne to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, certain Powers are vested in the Trullees for the South Dillrift of the Southampton Road, for the Purpose of maintaining and keeping in Repair the said South District of Road: And whereas before the passing of the said Act, several considerable Sums of Money had, by virtue of the Powers contained in the two former Acts of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and of the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls to be collected by Virtue of the said Acts: And whereas the Powers contained in the said several Acts are insufficient to enable the said Trullees to pay the Interest of the said Debt, and effectuilly to maintain and repair the said South District of the Southampton Road, unless the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament be altered. New Road, amended, and enlarged: And whereas the Road adjoining to and leading fcom the Eall Side of the South District of the Sou bampton Road osar Relle-vue, in the Parish of All Saints, in the Town and ‘County of the Town of Southampton through Roekjione Lane, in the Parish of St. Mary, in the said Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and Portswood in the Parish of South Stoneham, partly within the Liberties of the said Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and partly within the said County of Southampton to the Bridge over the River at Swathling, in the said Parish of South Stone-ham, in the County of Southampton, is in bad Condition, and cannot be repaired and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course ot Law: May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and wi h the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 1 emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of :hc lame. Power to That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Road adjoining

make the to and leading from the East Side of the said South District < f the

New Road. Southampton Road, near Belle-vue through Roekjione Lane, and Po tf-Wood to the said Bridge over the River at Swathling, shall be and become, and shall be deemed and taken as Part and Parcel of the said Road lying within and belonging to the South District of the said Southampton Road, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair in futli Manner as the Trullees appointed, in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, for the said South Dili rift shall order, direct, or appoint; and all the Powers, Authorities, Regulations, Matters, and J hings contained in the said recited Acts, shall be and are hereby extended to the said Road, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

Application IK And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or of Compen- awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or above 2oc/ey ky v>rtue the Powers of the said recited Acts, and this Act, for the J ' Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert,

Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Acts particularly mentioned, such

Money

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

Money shall, in case the same shall amount ro the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts, and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Parts thereof, as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments standing settled therewith, to the fame

!ir like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be q applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or uled as aforesaid, flood settled, or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settler ment, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities-, and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Coure to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments io hereby directed to be put chafed, in calc such Purchase or Settlement were made.

III. Provided always and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or other-wile the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two frustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Appro- bacioa

Below

024 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

bation to be signifird in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of chancery.

Left than

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money

2oi' so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before-mentioned, shall be left

than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases the fame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the 1 imc being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts, and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustres, or any Five or more of them shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Explaining Clause in former Act, relating to Exemption on the Road between Romsey and Southampton.

V. And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the true Meaning and Construction of the Clause contained in the said Act of the Forty- fit ft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by which it is enactctl, That to prevent Persons evading the Payment of the Tolls by the said Act of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, granted within the South District of the Southampton Road, it should be lawful for the Trustees acting within the said District to erect, or cause to be erected any Fence or Turnpike across or over any Waste, Common, or Commonable Fields lying near the Town of Southampton, and within the Liberties of the County of the fame Town, and also One or more Toll-Gate or Bar across a certain Lane called Love Lane, leading to the said Town of Southampton, and to take and levy thereat respectively such Tolls as are by the said Act of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Ma’)tfty made payable within the said District, so as the fame, or the Tolls to be collected at any Gate or Turnpike thereafter to be erected within Eight Hundred Yards of Bar.Gate in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, do not extend to a double Charge: And whereas, if the said recited Clause should be construed to exempt Cattle or Carriages passing or re-passing between the Town of Romsey, in the County of Southampton, and the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, from being liable to pay any Toll at any Gate to be erected within Eight Hundred Yards of the Bar-Gate, the lame will be extremely prejudicial to the Interest of the respective Creditors, and will tend considerably to diminish the Tolls which were authorized to be collected by Virtue of the said Acts, and thereby lessen the Security on which the said Creditors have advanced the several Sums of Money now due to them: Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Clause as extends, or shall be construed to extend to exempt any Cattle or Carriage passing or re-passing between the Town of Romsey, in the County of Southampton, and the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, from being subject or liable to the Payment of Toll at any Gate to be erected within Eight Hundred Yards of the said Gate called Bar-Gate, or at any Side Gate or Gates, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 52. 825

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be No Toll to lawful for the Trustees acting within the South District of the South- ta(kcanteat ainp/cn Road, to take, or levy, or cause to be taken or levied at any fishin Gate erected or to be erected within Eight Hundred Yards of Bar- 800 Yards Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, any Toll of Southamp-whatever on any Cattle, or Cariiage, passing or repairing to or from ^r*/°r-*njr the Town of Southampton, having payed Toll at, and bringing, and &c having (bowing, a Ticket of the Day, denoting such Payment from any Gate paid Toll on or Turnpike already erected orthatlhall hereafter be erected, between ^eaj0mfc7 the Town of Romjey, and the County of the Town of Southampton,

under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled " An Act for repairing and " widening the Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henry " Eyre, Esquire, in the Parish of White Parish, in the County of " i'/ilis to the Top of Dunwood Hill , and from thence over Great " Bridge and Middle Bridge through Romsey Infra to Hundred Bridge,

" in the County of Southampton; and from thence to the County of " the Town of Southamptonunlels the Trustees named or appointed under the said Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, or any Five or more of them, shall erect or cause to be erected any Gate or Bar between the Jundtion of the Road from MiUbrooke and the said Road from Romsey, to the said Town of Southampton and the Boundary of the County of the Town of Southampton, at or near a certain Bridge called Heron or Four Pojls Bridge.

VII. And whereas in consideration of the Injury done and that may Proprietors be done to that Part of the Road lying within the said South District, of Northam between the South Side of the Entrance of the Road leading to B"£|* Re_ Northam Bridge from Bar Gate, in the Town of Southampton, by Cattle muneration. and Carriages passing and repairing to and from Southampton and Northam Bridge during the Period of Twenty-one Years now to come

and unexpired of the Term granted by the said Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Company of Proprietors of Northam Bridge and Roads should make a Remuneration for such Injury; be it therefore enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall, within Ten Days from the passing of this Act, pay or cause to be paid to the Treasurer of the said South District for the Time being, the Sum of Seventy-five Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence; and, that in consideration thereof, no Toll or Duty whatsoever shall be demandable or taken at any Toll-Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act, or of the said recited Acts or any of them, in any Lane, Waste, Common, Common Field, By-way, Place, or other Situation between Northam Bridge and the Town of Southampton, for or in respect of any Cattle or Carriage passing or repalling Northam Bridge, or Roads to or from the said Town of Southampton, but that all Cattle and Carriages passing or repairing the said Bridge, Roads, or Places shall pals altogether free and exempt from Toll, any Thing in this Act, or in the said recited Acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs and Charges in- Expences of cident to the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be in the first the Act. Place paid and discharged out of the Tolls already collected or to be

[Lcr. y Err.] 9 Z collected,

8s6

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

collected, or out of the Money borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit of the South District of the Southampton Road.

[Public Act.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty. ibo2.

a u.I: X o r.v.

c- r , ,-vv ? ‘fl-auri 3. I t1

’ T r-Vi V1 0

b nr i'ir*. ‘n I. I . nl anhL' JO

’x&f'K: f ftift fy- h-V; in ’ " '

I'V; c " EC.

n.

lAt; m i'i -.1,1

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 55.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of John Williams Esquire, devised by the Will oi Peckham Williams Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging an Incumbrance thereon.

[7th May 1802.]

WHEREAS Peckham Williams, late of Badjholt Place in the Recite* the Parish of Fan:ham in the County of Surrey Esquire, deceased, tlmH'Uliamt by his last Will and Tefbament in Writing, bearing Date the require,dated Eleventh Day of April One thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, jIlh Atrd (after giving all his Personal Estate, except his Leasehold Premises and 7" Chattels Real, thereinafter by him specifically bequeathed, unto John Williams, Son of his (the said Testator’s) then late Wife, subject to the Payment of his Debts, Legacies, and the Charges of the Probate of his said Will, and the Expence of proving the fomz per Feftes, in the Court of Chancery, and charging all his Personal Estate net thereinafter specifically bequeathed, with the Payment thereof accordingly) devised all his Freehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the several Counties of Surrey, Suffix, Wilts, Southampton, and Cornwall, or elsewhere in Great Britain, whereof or wherein he the said Testator, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for him, or for his Use, was or were seised, possessed, or entitled unto, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, or otherwise howsoever, with their and every of their Rights,

[Loc. Per.] 10 A Members,

830

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

Members, and Appurtenances, unto the Reverend Charles Ha) ward Dean oi Chichester, and George White El'quire, their Heirs and Assigns: To the Use of the Reverend James Jackson and Richard North Gentleman, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of One thousand Years, to commence and be computed from the Day of his Decease, without Impeachment of Waite upon the Trulls thereinafter declared concerning the same and herein-after mentioned: Remainder to the Use of the said John Williams and his Assigns, during his natural Life, without Impeachment of Waste: Remainder to the Use of the said Charles Harward and George White, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said John Williams, upon Trull to support the contingent Estates thereinafter limited: Remainder to the Use of the First and every other Son of the said John Williams, severally and successively, according to their Priority of Birth, in Tail: Remainder to the Use of all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the said John Williams, as Tenants in common in Tail, with cross Remainders among them in Tail: Remainder to the Use of Elizabeth Williams, and Jane Williams, (the Daughters of the said Testator’s late Wife, and the Sillers of the said John Williams), as Tenants in common in Tail, with cross Remainders between them in Tail: Remainder to the Use of the Right Heirs of the said John Williams forever: And as to the said Term of One thousand Years limited to the said James Jackson and Richard North, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the said Testator declared that the fame was so limited to them as aforesaid, upon Trull, that they or the Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, should immediately, or as soon as conveniently might be, at er his Decease, by Demise, Mortgage, or Sale of all or any Part of the said Premises, so to them limited, for the said Term of One thousand Years, for all or any Part of the fame Term, or by and out of the Rents, Miles, and Pr /fits of the said Premises, or any Part thereof, or by all or any of the Ways and Means aforesaid, or such other Ways or Means as they or he should think fit, raise and levy or borrow the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and Ihculd immediately thereupon pay the Sum of Five thousand Pounds (being One Moiety of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds), unto the said Elizabeth Williams, and the remaining Sum of Five thousand Pounds (being the other Moiety of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds), unto the said Jane Williams: And upon further Trust to raise and levy such Interest for the said Two Sums of Five thousand Pounds, and Five thousand Pounds, until actual Payment thereof, as therein is mentioned; and the Testator declared, that from and after Payment of the said Sums of Five thousand Pounds, and Five thousand Pounds, with Interest; as aforesaid, the said Term of One thousand Years should cease: And the said Testator empowered the said John Williams to make any Lease or Leases of his (the said Testator’s) said Freehold Hereditaments, for any Term of Years, net exceeding Twenty-one Years in Possession, so as upon every such Lease the bell improved yearly Rent should be reserved: And as for and concerning all his (the said Testator’s), Copyhold or Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties aforesaid, or elsewhere in Great Britain, whereof or wherein he the Testator, or any Person or Persons in Trull for him, was or were seised or entitled unto, in Pofirflion, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy, or otherwise howsoever, (and which Copyhold Premises he had lurrendered to the Use of his Will,) he devised the fame unto and to the Uk of the said Charles Harward and 7 George

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 53. 831

George White, their Heirs and Assigns in Trull for the said John William, for his natural Life, and from and immediately after his Decease, in Trult for such Person or Persons, and for such Estate and Effaces, and in such Proportions, Manner, and Form, and subject to such Powers, Provilocs, and Declarations as were therein-before expressed, of and concerning his (the said Tcflator’s) Freehold Hereditaments, or as near thereto as was confident with the Customs respecting the said feveraf Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments, and as the Nature of the lame would admit of; to the End that the said Copyhold or Customary Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, might be held and enjoyed, and go along with the said Freehold Hereditaments, l’o long as might be, and the Laws of England, and Customs of such Copyhold or Customary Hereditaments would permit: And as for and concerning all his (the said Testator’s)

Leasehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties aforesaid, or elsewhere in Great Britain, whether the fame were for a Life or Lives, or Years or any Term of Years, determinable on One or more Life or Lives, whereof or wherein he or any Person or Persons in Trull for him, was or were leifed, possessed of, or entitled unto, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, or otherwise howsoever, he gave the fame unto and to the Use of, the said Charles Harward and George White, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators respectively, according ro the Nature and Quality of the fame Leasehold Premises, during the Continuance of the fame respective Leases; in Trull nevertheless for such Person and Persons, and for such Ellate and Estates, and under and subject to such Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations as were therein-before expressed concerning his Freehold Hereditaments, or as near thereto as might be, and the Nature of the said several Leasehold Estates would admit of, to the End that the said Leasehold Estates and Premires might be enjoyed and go along with the said Freehold Premises, so long as might be, and the Laws of England would permit: And he thereby directed that the respective Leases he then had or might have at the Time of his Decease, ot and in the said Leasehold Premises, should when and so often as Occasion should require, (and that the fame could be done on reasonable and equitable Terms) be renewed by and out of the Rents and Profits of the fame Premises, or of the said Freehold and Copyhold Estates, or some Part thereof, in the Name or Names of his said Trustees, Charles Harvard and George White, or the Survivor of them, or his legal Representative j and that all new Leases should continue and be upon the like Trulls, and subject to the like Limitations, as were thereinbefore expressed or referred unto, concerning the Leases then in being of and in the fame Premises resptClivtly, or as near thereto as might be, and the Laws of England would permit; and the said Testator thereby appointed the said John Williams, Elizabtth Williams, and Jane Williams,

Executors of his said Will: And whereas the said Testator departed this Life without having revoked or altered his said Will, leaving the said John Williams, Elizabeth Williams, and Jane Williams him surviving: And Recites an whereas by an Indenture, bearing Date on or about the Twenty-fifth Day of

of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, purporting to be made between Phillis Jackfen (then late the Wife and then the Widow and Executrix of the said James Jackson, who had survived the said Richard North) of the First Part, the Lid Charles Harvard and George White (then called George White Thomas) of the Second Part, the said John Williams of the Third Part, Henry Hally Esquire, John Hollejl of Farnham, in the said

County

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

County of Surrey Gentleman, and John Farrington Butterfield Esquire, of the Fourth Farr, Miles Poole Penfold Esquire, and the said Elizabeth Williams (then Elizabeth Penfcld his Wife) of the Fifth Part, George Outon Esquire, and John Hollefi of the City of Chichester Gentleman, of the Sixth Part, and Sir Stephen Lushington Baronet, of the Seventh Part, reciting the said Will of the said Peckham Williams, and that the Testator died without revoking or altering it, and that the said John Williams had duly proved the fame in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and taken upon himleif the Execution thereof; and that by Indenture bearing Date on or about the Fifteenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and made, or expressed to be made, between the said Elizabeth Penfold (then Elizabeth Williams') of the First Parr, the said Miles Poole Penfold of the Second Part, and the said Henry Halfiey, John Hollefi of Farnham, and James Jackson, of the Third Part, mentioning that a Marriage was then intended to be solemnized between the said Miles Poole Penfoldy&nd Elizabeth Wtlliams, (he (with his Approbation) did assign the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds so bequeathed to her hv the said Will as aforesaid unto the said Henry Halfiey, John Hollefi, and James Jackfin, their Executors, Admin',strators, and Assigns, upon the Trusts therein after mentioned concerning the same-, and that the said Jane Williams, by her last Will, after disposing of her Wearing Apparel, Jewels, Rings, Trinkets, and Books, as therein mentioned, gave all her Monies, S curities for Money, and all the Residue of her personal Estate, unto the said George Outon and John Hollefil of Chichester, upon the Trusts therein mentioned concerning the same, and that she appointed the said George Outon and John Hollefi of Chichester, Executors of her said Will, and that the lame had been proved by them in the said Court of Canterbury, and that the said Richard North died in the Life-time of the said James Jackson and that the said James Ja.kfion departed this Life, having first duly made and published his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the Nineteenth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and appointed the said Phillis Jackson foie Executrix thereof, who had proved the lame in the said Court of Canterbury, and that the said Elizabeth Penfold, by virtue of a Power contained in the said Settlement of the Fifteenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, had appointed the said John Farrington Butterfield to be a Trustee jointly with the said Henry Halfiey and John Hollefi of Farnham, for the Purposes in the said Settlement mentioned-, and that the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds, her Portion, had been assigned to the said Henry Halfiey, John Hollefi of Farnham, and John Farrington Butterfield, upon the Trusts in the fame Settlement expressed-, and also reciting (among other Things) that all Interest which had become due in respect of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, had been satisfied in Manner therein mentioned: It is witnessed, that in Consideration of the Sum of Five thousand Pounds (by the Direction of the said John Williams, and with the Consent as well of the said Miles Poole Penfold, and Elizabeth his Wife, as of the said Phillis Jmkfion), to the said Henry Halfiey, John Hollefi of Farnham, and John Farrington Butterfield, paid by the said Sir Stephen Lushington; and of che further Sum of Five thousand Pounds (by the Direction of the said John Wtlliams, and with the Consent of the said Phillis Jackson) to the said George Outon and John Hollefi of Chichester, paid by che laid Sir Stephen Lushington; the said Phillis Jackson (by the Direction of the said John Williams, and with the Consent of the said Miles Poole Penfold and Elizabeth

his

833

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

Ms Wife, Henry Ha'fty, John Holleft of Farnham, John Farrington Butterfield, George Oulon, and John Holleft of Chichester) did bargain, fell, assign, transfer, and set over, and the said John Williams, Miles Poole Penfold, and Elizabeth his Wife, Henry Hatfey. "John Hol'eft of Farnham, John Farrington Butterfield, George Oulon, anti John HolUft of Chichester, did ratify and confirm unto the said Sir Stephen Lushington, all and Angular the Freehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which in and by the last Will and Testament of the said Peckham Wiliams were limited to the said James Jackson and Bichard North, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of One thousand Years as aforesaid, with the Appurtenances, to hold the fame, unto the said Sir Stephen Lushington, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for all the then Residue of the said Term of One thousand Years, subject nevertheless to the Proviso for Redemption herein-after recited, and the said John Williams did (with the Privity of the said Charles Harward, and George White Thomas), covenant to surrender all the Customary or Copy-hold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which by the said Will of the said Peckham Williams were limited to the said John Williams for his Life as aforesaid, to the Use of the said Sir Stephen Lushington, his Heirs and Assigns, during the Life of the said John Williams: And in the said Indenture now in Recital, is contained a Proviso, that on Paymenc by the said J hn Williams, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or the Person or Persons for the Time being, who should be intitled to the Reversion of the said Hereditaments thereby assigned, expectant Upon the Determination of the said Term of One thousand Years, unto the said Sir Stephen Lushington, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of the Sum of 7 en thousand Pounds, with Inrereft, after the Rate therein mentioned, on the Twenty-ninth Day of September then next, he the said Sir Stephen Lushington should, at the Request, Colts, and Charges of the said John Williams, his Executors or Administrators, or of the Person or Persons who for the Time being should be intitled to the Reversion of the said Premises thereby assigned, expectant on the Determination of the said Term of One thousand Years, assign or surrender the fame Hereditaments and Premises as he or they should direct or appoint; and also should, at the Request and Costs of the said John Williams, resurrender the said Copyhold Premises to the Use of him the said John Williams, for the then Remainder of his Life; and in the fame Indenture is contained a Covenant from the said John Williams for the Payment of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, with Interest, according to the Terms of the said Proviso for Redemption: And whereas by an Order made in a Caule depending Recites an in the High Court of Chancery, wherein William Sadlier Bruere, and others, chance*

«re Plaintiffs; and Nancy Bruere the Wife of William Bruere Esquire, and made the loti others, are Defendants; bearing Date the Tenth Day of July One thou- of ,3o‘ land eight hundred and one, ILting (among ether Things), that it was alledged, that the said Sir Stephen Lushington was One of the Executors and Trustees named in the Will of Anthony Sadlier Esquire, and that the said Ten thousand Pounds, so advanced by him on the Security of the said Estates, was Part of the Estate of the said Anthony Sadlier: That by an Order made in the said Cause, bearing Date the Twenty-fiift Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-height, it was ordered. That Christopher Robert Pemberton, the Receiver of the outstanding Personal Estate of the said Testator, Anthony Sadlier, should be at Liberty to commence and prosecute such Suits as might be necessary for the Recovery of [Loc. Ift Per.~] 10 B the

834

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

the outstanding Deors and Incumbrances due to the Estate of the said Tef-tator, in the Name of the said Sir Stephen Lushington, or of such other Person or Persons as might be necessary; that in Hilary Term then lad, the said CFiftopher Robert Pemberton commenced an Action in the Court of King’s Bench against the said John Williams, for the Recovery of the said principal Mjnev; but previous to the Commencement of the said Action, the said John Williams sent a Proposal in Writing, offering to fell such Part of the Estates in Mottgage as he himself should point out, but sufficient for the Purpose of paying off such Principal and Interest due on the said Mortgage; that by a subscqurnt Ordei, bearing Date the Third Day of February then last, upon th said John Williams then offering within Six Months, from that Time, to fell a sufficient Part of the Estates comprized in the said Mortgage, and out of the Produce thetcof to pay all Principal, Interest, and Colts, due upon the said Mortgage, it was ordered, that all Proceedings in the said Action should be stayed, and that the said John Williams should pay the said Receiver’s Costs at Law, and of the said Application, to be taxed by Mr Graves, then One of the Matters of the said Court; that the said John Williams was married, but had nolffue living; that the said Elizabeth Peufold and her Husband were both living, but without Issue; that at the Time when the said Order of the Third Day of February then last was made, the Title to the said mortgaged Premises had not been particular ly looked into, but that immediately after the said Order wa< made, the said John Williams £&vr\jvz&aonsios a Sale of a sufficient Part of the said Estates, to pay oft the said Mor gage, when, upon the Title being considered, it appeared, that no Sale of the Fee could be made without an Act of Parliament, nor co Id the said Term of One thousanc Years be fold; because the P >wer of the Trustees being confined to the railing of the said Ten thousand Pou rds by Mortgage or Sale, the Power feemrd to have been executed by raising the Money by Moirg.ige, and that the said John Williams had attempted to boirow the Money without Effect; that the said D fficulty havingarifen, and the Time within which the said John Williams undertook to rail'e the Money by Sale being nearly expired, it was therefore prayed, that the said Action against the said John Williams, and all further Proceedings therein, might be further stayed, until the said John Williams could procure an Act of Parliamen to enable him to fell, and until he could fell, he the said John Williams offering, as soon as. possible, to procure such Act, and to fell a sufficient Part of the Estate, comprized in such Mortgage, and out of the Produce thereof to pay all Principal, Interest, and Costs, due upon the said Mortgage; whereupon the said John Williams, by his Counsel, then undertaking, within Six Months, to procure an Act of Parliament to enable him to fell a sufficient Part of the Premises comprized in the said Mortgage, and thereout to pay the Principal anO Interest: due thereon; it was ordered, that the said Action, commented by the said Christophrr Robert Pemberton the Receiver, in the Name of the said Sir Stephen Lushington, against the said John Williams in the Court of King’s B.nch, and all furthir Proceedings therein, should be stayed for S x Months, from the Expiration of the said O der of the Third Day of F b-uary One thousand eight hundred and on -, and that the said John Williams should pay unto the said Clriflcpher Robert Pemberton the Receiver, his C fts at Law, and of the said Application, 10 be taxed by the Master, in cale the Parties should differ about the fame: And whereas the said John Williams hath not any Issue, and the said Jane Williams died

without

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 53. 835

without Issue: And whereas the said John Williams, and also the Paid Miles Poole Penfold, and Elizabeth his Wife, conceive that it would be advantageous to themselves, and all other Persons who may be interested in the said settled E{fates, under the said Will of the said Peckham Williams, and are therefore defirousthatthe said Sum of Tenthoufand Pounds shouldberaised by Sale of a competent Part of the fame Estates; but by reason of the drift Limitations In the fame Will, the Purpose aforesaid cannot be accomplished without the Aid of Parliament; wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said John Williams and Miles Pooh Perfold and Elizabeth his Wiftdomod humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Estates in that the Moiety of the Manor or reputed Manor of Trethake, alias Trethake Penkellow, alias Penktl/y; and all that the entire capital Messuage, Barton Farm and Demesne Lands of or called Trethake with the Appurenances; and all those Two Water Giid or Corn or Fulling Mills, called Trethake M lls; and all those Two Closes of Land called the Mill hill, and Mill Moor; and also One Messuage and Garden, lying near and adjoining to the fame Mills; and all other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the fame belonging, situate, lying, and being in the Parish of Lanteglos, near Fortuey in the Coun.y of Cornwall, and now in the Tenure

O'- Occupation of Robert Reave and--Harris, their Under-tenants or

Assigns; and also all that Messuage or Tenement, and all that Wartr Mill and Mills, now (landing and being under the Hoof of the said Meflingc or Tenement, being a Water Mill, commonly called or known by the Name of Cut Mill, situate, lying, and being in the Parish and Manor of Chidham, in the County of Sussex-, together with all Mills Mill Banks* with Liberty to dig the Soil of the Wade of the said Manor, near the said Mill Bank , for the necessary Reparation thereof, Bays, Sluices, Water-courses, and Trenches, which with the said Mill have usually been occu-P'ed and enjoyed; and also all that One Parcel of Meadow Ground, containing by Estimation Two Acres or thereabouts, adjoining to the said Mill; and also the Two Ponds, called The Two Upper Ponds, being above the said Mill Pond, with the Banks belonging to the said Two Ponds, all which Premises are now in the Tenure or Occupation of William Kerwood, his Under-tenants or Assigns; and also all that Corner Messuage or Tenement and Garden, with the Appurtenances, situate, lying, and being in the West: Street of the City of Chichester, in the said County of Sussex, now in the Tenu e or Occupation of the Collector and Conrnissioners of His Majesty's Customs-, and also all that Messuage or Tenement, lying on the Noith Side of the West Street of the City oi Chichester aforesaid, now in the Tenure or Occupation of William Humphrey, his Under-tenants or Assigns; and also all that Messuage or Tenement, Barn, Stable, and Garden, and all those f veral Closes or Parcels of Land, containing together in the "Whole by Estimation Fifty Acres, (be the fame more dr Id's), situate, lying, and being in the Parish of E'Jlead, in the County of Sussex aforesaid, commonly called or known by the Name or Names of Upper Hanger otherwise Hether Deane, otherwise Eland, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the fame be called or known; and all that Barn and Four Closes of A rable and Failure Ground, containing together, by Estimation, Thirty Acres,

(be the lame more or less), situate, lying, and being in the Parish of Eljlead aforesaid, lying for Half a Yard Land, now in the Tenure or Occupation

836

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

of Richard Gratwicke, his Under-tenants or Assigns; and also all that (he Manor of Alborne otherwise Aldborne, and the Scice of the fame Manor, with their respective Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances, in the County of Wilts, now in the Possession of the said John Williams; and also all that capital Messuage or Farm House, and all those several Closes or inclosed Grounds thereunto belonging, containing, by Estimation, Four huna dred and fifty Acres, (be the fame more or lei's), situatr, lying, and being in Alborne otherwise Aldbcrne, Wamburgh, Upham, and Su pe, in the Parish of Alborne otherwise Aldborne, IVamburgh, Upham, and Suape, or some or One of them, in the said County of Wilts, and now in the Tenure or Occupation of ‘Thomas Church, his Under-tenants or Assigns; and also all that Messuage or Tenement, and all those Two Water Corn Mills, called or known by the Name of Broadbridge Mills, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the fame be called or known, fuuate, lying, and being in the Parishes of Bosham and Funtington, or One of them, in the County of Sussex aforesaid, and all Mill Ponds, Banks, Bays, and Water-courses thereto belonging; and also all that Parcel of Meadow Ground, containing, by Estimation, Six Acres, more orless, ly ing in Bosham aforesaid; and also all those Two Closes of Land, containing by Estimation, Ten Acres (be the fame more or less), lying and being in Bosham aforesaidall which Premises are nowintheTenureor Occupation of Meifteurs Hack-, and also all that the Manor, Seigniory or Lordship of North Stoke, East Stoke, and West Hay, in the Parish of Hayling in the County of Southampton aforesaid and also all that Messuage or Tenement, Farm Lands and Premises, called East Stoke, or by ^hatloever other Name or Names the fame be called or known, situate, lying, and being in the Parish of Southu-ood, within the Isle of Hayling, in the said County of Southampton, and now in the Tenure or Occupation of John Hillyer-, and also all those Buildings, Salt Pens, Salt Pits, Ponds, Lands, and Premises called the Salterns, situate in the said Parish of Hayling, now in the Tenure or Occupation of James Eyles-, and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground, now planted with Hops, containing by Estimation, Five Acres (be the fame more or less), situate, lying, and being at Hale, in the Parish of Farnham, in the County of Surrey, now in the Tenure Or Occupation of the said Miles Poole Penfold-, and also all that Cottage or Tenement and Garden, and all those several Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing by Estimation, Twenty-eight Acres (be the fame mote or less), situate, lying, and being at Hale aforesaid, and now in the Tenure or Occupation of John Hollefl, his Under-tenants or Assigns; and also all those Pieces or Parcels of Coppice Ground, containing by Estimation Ten Acres (be the fame more or leis), also situate at Hale aforesaid, and now in the Possession of the said John Williams-, and also all that Water Mill of Forrep, with the Appurtenances, and all Messuages, Buildings, Lands Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises to the fame belonging, and therewith held, ufeii, occupied, or enjoyed, situate, lying, and being in the Tything of Broadbridge, within the Manor and Parish of Bosham aforesaid, and now in the Tenure or Occupation of Messieurs Diggcns; and also all that Messuage or Tenement, Barns, Stables, Buildings, Farm Lands, and Premises, situate, lying, and being in the Parish of Aldingborne in the County of Sussex, now in the Tenure or Occupation of John Pledger y and also all that Messuage or Tenement, Barns, Stables, Buildings, Farm Lands, and Premises, containing by Estimation One hundred and twenty-six Acres (be the lame more or less), situate, lying, and being in the Parish of Birdbam, in the County of SuJJ’ex, now in the Tenure or Occu- patioa

837

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

pation of Thomas CutfielJ, and called or known by the Name of Cowdery, or by some other Name or Names; a Particular of all which Eltarrs, specifying the annual Rent or annual Value thereof is annexed by Way of Schedule to this Act; and all and singular other the Messuages, Lands,

Tenements Hereditaments, and Premises whatsoever, comprised in and given and devised by the said recited Will of the Lid Ptckham Williams deceased, situate in Lantcglos, Chidbam, the City of Chicbtfttr, and in EJi.atL,

Alborne other v/ikA/dborne, BoJham,ss\d Funtington, I Jay ling, houtbwood, Hale, Aldingbournt, and Birdbam, or elsewhere, which aic now or lately were in

the several Tenures or Occupations of the said Robert Rtane, -

Harris, William Kerwood, the Collector and Commissioners of His Majesty's Culloms, William Humpbtey, Richard Gratwicke, Thomas Church, Mcfiicui s Hack, Join Htllyer, James Ryles, Miles Poole Penfold, John Holleft, Mela sieurs Diggtns, John Pledger, and Thomas Cutfield, or any or eirher of them, or of their respective Under-tenants or Assigns, together with all Ways,

Paths, Passages, Waters, Watercouifes, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, Barns,

Stables, Edifices, Buildings, Feedings, Meadows, Pattures, Commons,

Common of Palture, Common of Turbary, and Common of Eftovers,

Woods, Underwoods, Moors, Marshes, Chafes, Warrens, Royalties,

Waites, Trees, Mines, Courts, Courts Baron, Courts Lett, Peiquilitcs and Profits of Courts, View of Frankpledge, and whatsoever to View of Frankpledge belongeth. Waifs, Estrays, Deodands, Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themselves. Outlaws, and Persons put in Exigent and Rdlraint, Liberties, Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Rights, Members, and Appurtenances whatsoever to the said Manors or Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premifis, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof belonging, or in anyw.fe appertaining, or with tl e lame, cr any Part thereof, held, used, occupied, or enjoyed. or accepted, reputed, deemed, taken, or known as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof; and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and shdibtv.sted Remainders, Rents, Issues, and Profits of all and singular the said Here- inC.mtH'Un dttaments and Premises, and cf every Part and Parcel thereof, shall, from Marik

and alier the passing of this Act, be veiled in, and the same are hereby from Esquires. thenceforth absolutely. veiled in, the said George White Thomas and ip uP°nTruft> William Marsh of Knigbifbridge in the County of Middlesex( Esquire, their Heirs, and Assigns, to hold such of the said Hereditaments as are Freehold of Inheritance unto and to the Use of them the said GeorgeWhite Thomas and William Marsh, their Heirs and Assigns for ever; and to hold such of the said Hereditaments and Premises as are Copyhold unto and to the Use of them the said George White Thomas and William Maish, their Heirs and Assigns, by Copy of Court Roll, according to the Customs of the Manors whereof the fame arc holden; and to hold such of the said Premises as are held by virtue of any Freehold Lease or Leases unto them the said George White Thomas and William Marsh, their Heirs and Assigns, for all such Estates and Interests as are yet unexpired therein, either under any Le.ifc or Leases by virtue of which the said Ttftatcr, Peckham Williams, held the fame respectively at the Time of his Decrale, cr of any Lease or Leases that hath or have been renewed since his Decease, freed and vlif-charged ot and from all and every the Uses, Estates, Limitations, Trulls,

Provisoes, and Powers, in and by the said Will of the said Ptckham Williams, limited, created, declared, or mentioned of and concerning the same, or any of them, lave and except the Residue of the Lid Term of One thousand Years thereby limited to the said James Jackfen and Richard North, and [L;r. CT Per.'] 10 C so

838

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

by the Executrix of the said James Jackson (who survivea the said Richard North') assigned to the said Sir Stephen Lushington by Way of Mortgage, for securing the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds with Interest as aforesaid; but nevertheless upon Trust, that they the said George White Thomas and William Marsh, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, do and shall, as soon as conveniently may be (with the Consent in Writing of the said John Williams, and after the Death of the said John Williams with the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons who, if this Act had not been parted, would for the Time being have been entitled, under the Limitations in the said Will contained, to the Receipt of the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said Hereditaments and Premises, if such Person or Persons shall be of the Age of Twenty-one Years, but if not, then with the Consent in Writing, of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians), make Sale and dispose of, either by publick Auction or private Contract, all and every, or any Part or Parts of the Hereditaments and Premises hereby vested in them the said George White Thomas and William Marsh., their Heirs *nd Assigns as aforesaid, either together or in Parcels, at or for Inch Price or Prices, Sum or Sums of Money as to them the said Trullees, or the Trustees or Trustee for the Time being shall seem rcalonablr, and do and shall, upon Payment of the respective Purchase Monies in Manner hereinafter mentioned, convey, surrender, and assign, or allure the fame Hereditaments, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be so agreed to be sold as aforesaid, unto and to the Use of such Person or Persons as shall so become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and his, her, or heir respective Heirs and Assigns respectively, or as he, she, or they shall direct or a; point.

penc ofob- And be it further enacted, That a sufficient Pjrt of the Monies to

tainingthis arise from such Sale or Sales as aforesaid, shall be applied in the Fiift Place pad front Pro- ’n Fay'n? and discharging all Colts, Charges, and Expences preparatory to, ertds of such and in soliciting, applying for, and obtaining this Act, or which may be ini 8alci cident or relative thereto, and of making and completing the Sales herein-

before directed, or authoriz-d to be made, or otherwise to beoccafionrd by carrying the Trusts of this Act into Execution, and also all Coils. Charges, and Expences, which have been sustained by the said John Williams, in consequence of any Proceedings at Law, or in Equity, for recovering of the said Principal Sum of Ten thousand Pounds (such Colls, Charges, and Expences to be ascertained and paid in Manner herein-after mentioned), and in the next Place, in paying the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, as the said Court shall direct; and that the Residue of the Money to arise by such Sale or Sales, shall with all convenient Speed (with the Approbation of the said John Williams, and if the said John Williams shall be dead, then of the Person or Persons who, if this Act had not been passed, would for the Time being have been entitled, under the Limitations contained in the said Will of the said Peckham Williams, to the Receipt of the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said Hereditaments and Premises hereby velted in Trust as aforesaid, if such Person or Persons shall be of the Age of Twenty-one Years, but if nor, then with the Approbation of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians), be laid out and inverted by and under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to be obtained in Manner herein-after mentioned, in One or more Purchase or Purchases of Freehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in England, or of any Copyhold Hereditaments of Inheritance that may lie intermixed, or be convenient to be enjoyed therewith, but not more than One-sixth Part in Value shall be

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

be Copyhold, free from Incumbrances (except Chief Rents or Quit Rents, and customary Duties and Services, and Leases to Tenants or Occupiers), and that all and singular the Hereditaments and Premises so to be purchased, shall be conveyed, limited, settled, and allured, to, upon, and for such and lo many of the Uses and 'l’rusts, and under and subjtCt to such and so many of the Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, and Declarations, in and by the said Will of the said Peckham Willi amt, limited, expressed, created, declared, and contained, of and concerning the Freehold Part of the Hereditaments hereby veltedas aforesaid, as (Itall be then existing undetermined or capable of taking Effect.

III. And it is hereby enacted, That all and every Persons and Person who shall purchase all or any Part of the Hereditaments and Premises to be sold or conveyed in pursuance of this ACI, shall pay his, her, or their Purchase Money or Purchase Monies into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Eft.ues of the said John Williams, puefuanr to the Method prescribed by the ACb of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chaper the Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward according to the AS of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, at any Time after the passing of this Act, upon Perition to be presented to the said Court, in a summary Way, by the said John Williams, or in case of his Death by his personal Representatives, to make an Order to refer it to One of the Mailers of the said Court, to takean Account of all such Colls, Charges, and Expences, as are herein-before authorized to be paid as aforesaid, and to make an Order for paying and reimbursing the same to him the said John Williams, or his Representatives, in case of his Death, as to the said Court shall seem meet, out of the First Monies arising from such Sale or Sales, and to be paid into the Bank as aforesaid, foas fully to rcirrburlc and indemnify the said John Williams zgzinft all such Cods, Charges, and Expences and also to make an Order for paying the said Sum of T en thousand Pounds as to the Court shall seem meet; and that the Residue of such Purchase Money shall be laid out in the Purchase of Navy Bills, or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Incercft arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy, or Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they shall respectively be paid off by Government, shall also be laidou: in the Name of the said Accountant General, in the Purchase of other Navy, or Victualling, or Exchequer Bills; all which said Navy, and Victualling, and Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, and dull there remain until a proper Purchase or Purchases shall be found and approved as herein-before directed, and until the fame shall, upon Petition letting forth such ^Approbation, to be preferred to the Court of Chancery in a fumtrary Way by the said Join Wiliams, or the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments to be purchased with the fame, be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General for the completing such Purchase or Purchases, in such Manner ?s the kid Court shall think just and direS; and if the Money arising by the Sale of the said Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills shall exceed the

Amount

8^9

Purchasers to pay their Purchase Money into the Bank in the Name of the Accountant Ge* neral of the Co <rt of Chancery*

Power for the Court to make an Order ro refer it to 0'ie of tlu Matters of ;he Court to take ?.n Account of the Colts and Expences, etc

S4° 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

Amount of the whole Purclnfc Monty so laid out as aforesaid, then and in such Caftf the Surplus which shall remain, after discharging che Expenses of the Applications to the Court, shall be paid to such Person or Persons reflectively- as would have been entitled to receive the Kents and Profits of the Landsdrcftedtobe purchased, in case the fame had been pure haled in pursuance of this Act, or to the Representatives of such Person or Persons: Provided, that it shall he lawful for the Court of Chancery to make an Order for taxing' the Costs of any Application to be made to the said Court, respecting the Matters aforesaid, and the Colls of taking the Lid Money out of the Bank, and inverting such Money in a new Purchase or PurchasVs as aforesaid, and for Payment of such Costs, out of the said Monies, or out of the Money arising by Sale of the Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, so to be purchased as aforesaid.

Certificate of V. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of am General'," £-lc f-nd Accountant General, and Receipt of the Cashier of the B ink of anti ttece pt England for the Money or Monies arising from such Sale or Sales as afore-of the Bank^r fa‘d, or Oftke Copies thereof respectively, shall from Time to Time, and for the Monty at all Times hereafter, be and be deemed to be a good and sufficienc ?uchnfaie°tc> Discharge to any Person or Persons w,ho shall become the Purchaser or he sufficient Purchasers of the said Hereditaments and Premises hereby made faleablr, Puichaie's'° anc^ to h*s» her, or their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for so much Money as in such Certificates and Receipts shall be exprefttd Or certified to be paid; and that such Person or Persons having paid his, bet, or their said Money, and obtained such Certificates and Receipts for the fame, or Office Copies thereof respecti'vely, shall nor, nor shall his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, be liable to fee to the Application of such Money, nor be answeraole or accountable for any Lass, Misapplication, or Non-application of the same.

rfditV'eimi'" 11 forther enacted, That, in the mean Time, until the said

flial] be fM, Hereditaments and Premises hereby verted in Trust as aforesaid shall be the Trustees fold in pursuance of this Act, they the said Trustees or the Trustees or the Iftn'e'tobe Trustee for the Time being, shall permit and fuller the fame Premises re-jurki, ifa far spectively to be held and enjoyed, and the Rents, Issues, and Profits fu<\^e!son°as to be had, received, and taken by and for the Benefit of such

would twenti. Person or Persons as respectively would be entitled to, and ought to the fame^in'*e hold, enjoy, and receive the same rtfptftively, in case this Act had not case this Act been mace.

had not been irade.

When To much of the Hereditaments (fall have been sold as shall be n*--ceflary, those remaining unfold, dial I be conveyed upon such Trusts, as , would then Be fubhiting in case this Act had not been made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and ft» Toon as so much of the Hereditaments and Premises by this Act verted shall hive been fold, as shall be necefidry for carrying the Trulls of this Act into Execution, such of the Hereditaments and Premises as shall remain unfold, shall, instead of being fold, be with all convenient Speed conveyed by the faits Trustees, or the Trustees or Trustee for the Time being, to such Uses, upon and for such Tri fts. Intents, and Purposes, and subject to such Powers and, Provisoe« as would be thereof tespectively lubfilting, under arvf by virtue of the said Will of the said Peckham Williams, in case th s prefenc Act had not been made, (any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof inanywise notwithstanding); but nevertheless the Purchaser or Purchasers under this Act, pr any of them, shall not be concerned to esquire, whether 3 any

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 53. 841

any more of the said Estates have been fold than may be necessary to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said George Whitt Power to ap. Thomas and William Marsh, or either of them, or any Trustee or Trustees xrutt«W to be appointed as herein-after is mentioned, shall happen to die, or be de*

firoos to be discharged, or decline to act, or become incapable of acting in the Truds hereby in them r< posed, then and in such Case, and when and so often as it shall so happen, the surviving or other Trudee, his Heirs, Exc-cutors.or Adminidrators, shall within the Space of SixCalendar Months after any of the said Trustees shall die, or desireto be discharged, deline to aid* or become incapable of acting as aforesaid (with the Consent and Approbation of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents , and Profits of the said Estates, such Person or Persons having attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, or otherwise with the Consent and Approbation of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, tedified in Writing), nominate and appoint some other Person or Persons to be a Trudee or Trustees in the Place and Stead of him or them so dying, desiring to be discharged, declining to act, or becoming incapable ofadting as aforesaid 5 and when and so often as any new Trudee or Trustees shall be so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, in case such Nomination and Appointment shall be approved of by the Court of Chancery (an Order in which Behalf it shall be lawful for the said Court to make, if the said Court shall think fit, upon Petition in a summary Way), all and every the Powers and Authorities by this Act given shall be veded in, and all and every the Trud Estates shall be conveyed, surrendered, assigned, and transferred, so as that the fame may be legally and effectually veded in such new Trudee or Trustees, in Con-jundlion with the surviving or continuing Trudee, or in such new Trudee or Trustees only as the Case may be, upon the lame Truds as arc herein-before declared concerning the same* and that all and every such new Trudee and Trustees shall and may have, and exercise, and act in the Execution of the Truds and Powers aforesaid, in such and the same Manner as if originally named and appointed by this Act, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise noewithdanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said George White Thomas and Indemnity to William Marsh, or such other Trudee or Trustees to be appointed as afore- Trust*e‘" said, shall not, nor shall either or any of them, nor the Heirs, Executors,

or Administrators of them, either or any of them, be chargeable with or answerable for any Money to be received by virtue of the Truds hereby in them reposed, any otherwise than each Person for such Sum or Sums of Money as he or she may or shall actually receive, and that none of them shall be answerable or accountable for the Acts, Receipts, Neglecta, or Defaults of the other of them, nor with or for any Loss or Damage which may happen without the respective wilful Defaulc of the said George White Thomas and William Marsh, or their respective Heirs, Executors, or Admi-nidrators.

X. Saving always ro the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Grnml Successors, and to the said Sit Stephen Lushington as Mortgagee as aforesaid, Satln«-and to all and every other Persons anuPerion, dodics Politick and Corporate*

his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Successors (other than and except the said John Williams, and his Heirs, and all and £Ler. £s? Per.] 10 D every

842'-

[Publick Act.]

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

every the Son and Sons, Daughter and Daughters of his Body lawfully begotten or to be begotten, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, and the said Miles Poole Penfold and Elizabeth his Wife, and the Heirs of her Body, and ail and every other Person or Persons entitled to, or claiming, or hereafter to become entitled to, or claim, any Edate, Right, Title, Tmft, or Interest, of, in, to, or ou: of the Hereditaments and Premises. hereby vested in them the said George White Thomas and William Marsh, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in TruA as aforesaid, under and by virtue of the said Will, or any Surrender or Surrenders to the Uses thereof), all such Estate, Righr, Title, and Interest, of, in, to, or out of the said Hereditaments and Premises, lb hereby veiled in Trull as aforesaid, as they respectively had before the passing of this Act, or would, could, or might have had, in case the fame had not been made.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without spe-daily pleading the same.

The

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 53,

fans ro2 arfJ Y',9VS

. ! 'i On*

The SCHEDULE to which the Act refers.

11 v SU Lifct -{t mrlj ni

; mhA - 0’U3*x3

Olfil 9ri*lO 5U11.V

2

ms aim;.- r r

3 bsri Y‘3v,ft'5q*bi

Annual Rent or Annual Value.

£ '

A MOIF.TY of the Manor or reputed Manor of Tretbake alias Tretbake Penkellow alias Penkelly, in the Parish of Lanteglos near Fowcy, in the County of Cornwall and an entire Messuage, Buildings, Lands, and Premises, let to Robert Reane, at the yearly Rent of - 84 9

Two Mills called Tretbake Mills, and a Messuage, Buildings,

Lands, and Premises thereto belonging, fttuate in the said

Parish of Lanteglos, let on Lease to ----- Harris, for a

Term of Ninety-nine Years, determinable on Three Lives, on the granting of which, a Fine of One hundred and twenty Pounds was paid by the Lessee, at the yearly Rent of - - - - -14

A Messuage and Mill, called Cut Mill, and Lands and Pre-mifet. thereto belonging, situate in the Parish of Chidbam in the County of Sussex, let to Mr. William Kerwood, at the yearly Rent of - - - 57 J5

A Messuage and Gaiden, situate in the West Street of the City olCbichester in the County of Sussex, let on Lease to the Collector and Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, at the yearly Rent of - - - - 31 10

A Messuage and Garden, situate in the West Street of the City of Chichester aforesaid, let to William Humphrey, at the yearly Rent of - - - 26 5

A Farm and Lands called Upper Hanger otherwise Hcther Deane otherwise Eland, situate in the Parish of Eljlead in the County of Sussex, and a Barn and certain Lands in the same Parish, let to Richard Gratwicke, at the yearly Rent of 30 o The Manor of Alborne otherwise Aldborne, with the Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances in the County of Wilts, in Hand, but the annual Value of which is 40 o

A Farm and Lands, situate in Alborne otherwise Aldborne, Wamburgh, Upham, and Snaps, let to Thomas Church, at the yearly Rent of Two hundred and twenty-one Pounds, buc these Premises being subject to a perpetual yearly Rent of Sixty Pounds, the annual Value will be - - 161 o

A Messuage and Mills, called Broadbridge Mills, and certain Lands and Premises, situate in the Parishes of Bosham and

J.

o

o

o

o

o

0

0

o

843

Huntington,

844

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

Annual Rent or Annual Value.

jr. d.

Funiington, in the County of Sussex, let to Messieurs Hack, at the yearly Rent of ... 105 o o

The Manor, Seigniory, or Lordship of North Stoke, East Stoke, and West Hay, in the Parish of Hayling, in the Hie of Hay-ling in the County of Southampton; and the Messuage or Tenement, Farms, Lands, and Premises, called East Stoke, situate in the Parish of Southwood, in the said Isle of Hayling, let to John Hillyer, at the yearly Rent of - - 105 o o

Certain Buildings, Salt Pits, Salt Pens, Ponds, Lands, and Pre-miles, called the Salterns, situate in the Parish of Hayling aforesaid, let to James Eyles, at the yearly Rent of -1500

A Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate at Hale, in the Parish of Farnham in the County of Surrey, let on Lease to the Petitioner, Miles Poole Penfold Esquire, at the yearly Rent of 40 o o A Cottage, and about Twenty-eight Acres of Land, fituare at Hale aforesaid, let on Lease to John tiollejl, at the yearly Rent of . - - -60 00

Two Pieces or Parcels of Coppice Ground, situate at Hale in the Parish of Farnham aforesaid, in Hand, the annual Value of which is - - . > 19 o o

A Messuage, Mills, Lands, and Premises, situate in the Parish of Bcsham aforesaid, let to Messieurs Diggens, at the yearly Rent of , - - - - 156 o o

A Messuage, Buildings, Farm, and Lands, situate in the Parish of Aldingborne in the County of Sussex, let to John

Pledger, at the yearly Rent of - . / - 60 o o

A Messuage, Buildings, Farms, and Lands, situate in the Parish of Birdham in the said County of Sussex, called Cow-dery, let to Thomas Outfield, at the yearly Kent of - 130 o o

John Hollejl.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. i8o».

i

ANNO QUADRAGES1MO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*f* iHHt*

54-

An Act for vesting the Entirety of certain Hereditaments in the County of Middlesex, and an undivided Moiety of certain other Hereditaments in the same County, respectively devised in strict Settlement by the Will of ‘John Lefevre Esquire, deceased,

in Charles Shaw Lefevre Esquire, and his Heirs; and for settling the Entirety of certain Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton > in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses.

[7th May 1802.]

WHEREAS John Lefevre late of Heckfeld, in the County of John Lefmrt Southampton, Esquire, deceased, being feiled or entitled of or jn

to the Entirety of and in divers Freehold Messuages, Lands, Muaitjtx, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and also being seised or entitled of or to One undivided Moiety or Half Part of and in divers other Freehold [{,«<. isf Per.j to £ Messuages,

846

an*i of Heck-fa Id Houset and an Estate VxSouibaxptt/n

made his Wil), dated nth Di(*mbervj7>$t and devised ha th Estates.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in or near Hackney, Oldford, Bow, Bromley, Sum/ Leonard, and Edmonton, in the County of Middlesex, and also poll’elsed or entitled of or to the Entirety of certain Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments, and of or to One undivided Moiety of and in certain other Copyhold or Customary Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying within and held of the Manor of stepney otherwise Siebor.healh, and Bromley Saint Leonard, in the far^Chunty of j'AidMefex, and being likewise fejfect or entitled of or to the JEp^rpty of and in a Freehold Capital Messuage or Tenement at Heck/ieldgm'the County of Southampton, and of or to the Entirety of and in divers Tfeehold and Copyhold Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the several Parishes of Heckfield and Everjley, in the said County of Southampton, duly made and published his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the Twelfth Day of December in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, duly executed in such Manner as the Law requires for passing Real Estates of Inheritance, and thereby gave and deviled all his Freehold and Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being at or near Hackney, Oldford, Bow, Bromley, Saint Leonard, Saint John Wapping, and Edmonton. and in or near the Parishes of Hackney, Bow, Bromley, Saint Leonard, Saint John Wapping, and Edmonton, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex, with their and every of their Appurtenances; and also all that the said Testator’s Freehold Capital Mdfuage or Tenement, and;the Farms, Lands and Hereditaments thereto belonging, and enjoyed therewith, situate and being in or near the Parishes of Heckfield and Everjley in the said County of Southampton, with their and every of their Appurtenances, and all his Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being in or near Heckfield aforesaid, in the said County of Southampton, which the said Testator was seised of and entitled to, and had surrendered to the Use of his Will as aforesaid (except certain Hereditaments in the said County of Southampton, agreed to be exchanged by the said Testator with Lord Rivers and George Pitt, for other Lands in the same County, as therein mentioned), unto and to the Use of his Wife Helena Lefcvre and her Al-ligns, during the Term of her natural Life, without Impeachment of Wade, except wilful Waste \ with Remainder to the Use of his Son in Law Charles Shaw Lefevre Esquire, and his the said Testator’s Daughter, Helena Lefevre, during the Terin of theii natural Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, without Impeachment of Waste, other than wilful Waste; with Remainder to William Currie and Charles Smith Esquires, and their Heirs, during the Lives of the said Charles Shaw Lefevre and Helena his Wife, and the Life of the Survivor of them, in Trust.by the usual Ways and Means to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of such One or more of the Children of the said Charles Shaw Lefevre, on the Body of the said Helena his Wife to be begotten, in such Proportions, Manner, and Sort, and for such Estate and Estates, Rights andlnterefts, as they the said Charles Shaw Lefcvreand Helena his Wife, jointly (and in Default thereof, as the Survivor of them solely), by any revocable or irrevocable, absolute or conditional Deed or Writing, or Deeds or Writings, under their, his, or her Hands and Seals, or Hand and Seal to be by them, him, or her duly executed in the Presence of, and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, or as such Survivor, by his or her last Will and Testamentin Writing to be executed in like Manner,

847

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

and attested by Three or more such Witnesses, should direct, order, limit, appoint, give, or devise the fame; and in Default of such Direction, Order, Limitation, Appointment, Gift, or Devise, the said Testator gave and devised the fame Estates to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Charles Shaw Lefevre, on the Body of the said Helena Shaw Lefevre, his Wife, to be begotten, successively, in Tail General; with Remainder to all and every the Daughters of the said Charles Shaw Lefevre, on the Body of the said Helena his Wife to be begotten, equally to be divided between them, as Tenants in Common, in Tail, with cross Remainders in Tail, between and amonglf such Daughters; with Remainder to the Use of any One or only surviving Daughter, in Tail; with Remainder to the Use of the said Testator’s said Daughter Helena Shaw Lefevre, and the Heirs of her Body; with the ultimate Remainder to the Use of the said Testator’s Brother, Isaac Lefevre, his Heirs and Assigns for ever: And whereas the said Testator John Lefevre died in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety, without revoking or altering his said Will as to the Devise aforesaid, leaving the said Helena Lefevre, his Widow, and the said Charles Shaw Lefevre and Helena his Wife, his Son in Law, and Daughter and Heiress at Law, him surviving; and there is Issue between them the said Charles Shaw Lefevre and Helena his Wife now living, Two Sons, videlicet, Charles Lefevre, of the Age of Seven Years or thereabouts, and John George Lefevre, of the Age of Five Years or thereabouts: And whereas the said Charles Shaw Lefevre is seised in Fee Simple in Possession of divers Freehold Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the several Parishes, Townships, Villages, and Hamlets of Hcckfield, Mattingley, Hazlcy, Hafell, Stratfeld Sea, Stratfeld Turgis, Hartley Westpall, and Shcrfeld, in the said County of Southampton, lately purchased by him of the Hight Honourable Henry Lord Stawell, and divers other Persons: And whereas the said Messuages. Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof the said Charles Shaw Lefevre is seised in Fee, are respectively contiguous to and intermixed with the said devised Freehold Capital Messuage or Mansion House, Lands, and other Hereditaments, in the said County of Southampton; and the said Charles Shaw Lefevre, being desirous of settling a sufficient Part of his said Fee Simple Estates in lieu of, and by way of Exchange for the said devised Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments in the County of Middle/7x, as well Freehold as Copyhold, Part whereof con* fist of an undivided Moiety; they the said Charles Shaw Lefevre and the said Helena his Wife, did lately apply to the said Helena Lefevre Widow, to agree to such Exchange, and Ihe the said Helena Lcfev e hath consented and agreed thereto: And whereas Charles Bailey, a Surveyor nominated by and on the Part of the said Charles Shaw Lefevre and Helena his Wife, and William Mason, a Surveyor nominated by the said Helena Lefevre WTidow, have surveyed and valued the said several Estates so proposed to be exchanged; and the Particulars, Quantity, and Quality of the said several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and Moiety of Lands and Tenements, within the said County of Middlesex, are speciSed and set forth in the First Schedule hereto, and produce the net yearly Rent or Sum of Five hundred and twenty Pounds and Fifteen Shillings; and the Particulars, Quantity, and Quality of the said several Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which the said Charles Shaw Lefevre is desirous to substitute in Exchange, are specified and set forth in the Second Schedule hereto, and produce the net yearly Rent or Sum of

Six

Testator *$ Death.

C. barbs SLavt Lefevre Esq. ieilei in Fee of Estates in the County 0? Souibamptun.

Charles Sha*9 Lefevre, Esq* is desirous of exchanging a sufficient Part of hi Fee Sim* pie Estateg in Hants, for the entire Hereditaments and Moiety in Midellejex.

Sut veyors

Estimate ami Va uatior.s.

848

Rfafons fcr the pto ofed Exchange, and giving Powers exchanging tnd leafing.

entire Hereditaments jnd Monty in bli.iJUftXy fp cihed in Firit Schedule, veiled in Charles Si atu L'Jevre,

Eiij and h:s Hens, in lieu of li» much of hi Fee Simple Estates in Hunts, as spe-cit e 1 in the S cond Schedule.

4.2* GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

Six hundred and sixteen Pounds, which exceeds the yearly Rent of the said settled Middlesex Estate, by the yearly Sum of Ninety-five Pounds Five Shillings; and the said Fee Simple Estate, proposed to be substituted in Exchange, is not only more than an Equivalent or Compensation for the said settled Middlesex Estates, but, upon the falling in of Leases on divers Parts thereof, the yearly Income thereof will be considerably increased j and the said Fee Simple Estate being an entire Estate, and contiguous to the said Capital Mdfuage or Mansion House at Heckfield, and the Bulk of the Family Estates there, the said Fee Simple Estate proposed to be substitutedinExchange, is a very desirable Substitute for the said Mii-dlesex Estate, in which are many Houses and Buildings liable toconsider-able Repairs, and other incidental Charges and Expences, and Part whereof consists of an undivided Moiety; for all which Reasons it would be greatly for the Benefit and Advantage of all Persons claiming under the Will of the said John Lefevre, deceased, if the proposed Exchange were carried into Execution; but in regard that there is no Timber on the said settled Estate, and that there is Timber of considerable Value on the said Estate proposed to be substituted, and in regard that the said Helena Lefevre Widow, Charier Shaiu Lefevre and Helena his Wife, the fuc-ceflive Tenants for Life of the said settled Estate, and which said Helena is also Tenant in Tail in Remainder, are made by the said Will impeachable for wilful Wade, they the said Helena Lefevre Widow, Charles Shaw Lefevre and Helena his Wife, are desirous that Power to commit Wade in respefi of Timber, but leaving sufficient for Repairs, may be reserved to them, as to the said Estate proposed to be substituted; but in-as much as the said Proposal of the said Charles Shaw Lefevre and Helena his Wife, cannot be effeefed without the Aid and Authority of an Act of Parliament: Therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjefh the said Helena Lefevre Widow, and they the said Charles Shaw Lefevre and Helena his Wile, for themselves and their said Infant Sons, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pit-lent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the entire Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, late of the said John Lefevre, deceased, within the said County of Middlesex, mentioned and specified in the First Schedule here-under written, with the Rights, Members, Easements, and Appurtenances thereto belonging j and also the undivided Moiety, all'o late of him the said John Lefevre, dec a ed, of and in the said other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the same County, mentioned and specified in the said First Schedule, and of and in the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, which Premises respectively were limited and settled by the said Will of the said John Lefevre, decease I, as aforesaid, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and stand settled and limited to such Uses, upon such Trusts, and under and subject to such Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as he the said Charles Shaw Lefevre shall from Time to Time, by any Deed or Deeds, with or without Power cf Revocation and new Appointment, to be by him sealed and delivered in the Presence of, and to be attested by Two or more credible Wicriefles, or by Lis last Will and Testament in Writing, or any Codicil thereto, to be by him signed and published in the Presence of, and to be attested by

Three

849

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

Three or more credible Witnesses, direct, limit, or appoint; and in Default of and subject to, and in the mean Time and until such Direction,

Limitation, or Appointment, to the Use of him the said Charles Shaw Lefevre and his Assigns for his Life, freed and discharged as herein-after mentioned; and from and after his Decease, to the Use at Richard Raggett of Odiham, in the County of Southampton, F/quire, and IViHiam Atkinson of Chancery Lane, London, Esquire, and their Heirs and Assigns for ever, but nevertheless in 'Fruit foT him the said Charles Shaw Lefevre, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated, of, from, and against all and every the Uses,

Trulls, Estates, Limitations, Powers, and Provisoes, created, limited, and declared of and concerning the same respectively, or any Part or Parts thereof, in and by the said recited Will of the said John Lefevre, deceased as aforesaid, in lieu of and in Exchange for the entire Hereditaments herein-after limited to the Uses of the said Will.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Freehold Mef- tdr'ujlvrt't fuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof the said Fee M.nyle Charles Shaw Lefevre is seised in Fee, as are mentioned and specified in cnuntyo/11' the said Second Schedule, together with all and every the Rights, Mem- Siuthampton bers, Easements, and Appurtenances to the fame Premises belonging, shall, "^'"siconfl from and after the passing this Act, be and (land settled, limited, and af- schedule, Vc. sured, to, for, and upon the several Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, ur« Vthe* and under, and subject to the several Powers and Provisoes in and by the hteMr u-said Will of the said John Lefevre, deceased, limited, expressed, and de- f'^Exch'uig® elated of and concerning the said entire Hereditaments and Moiety here- for the \hdjit. by vested in the said Charles Shaw Lefevre, his Heirs and Assigns as afore- f,x

said, or such of them as are now exilting undetermined and capable of taking Etfeft slave only and except that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Helena Lefevre Widow, Charles Shaw Lefevre, and Helena his Wife, successively, and their respective Assigns, when in Possession of the said Premises lall hereby settled and limited, to commit Waste with tefpeft to the Timber upon the fame Premises, so as sufficient Timber be from Time to Time left thereon for Repairs), in lieu of and in Exchange for the said Hereditaments so hereby settled and limited, to the Appointment and to the Use of, and in Trull for the said Charles Shaw Lefevre, and his Heirs and Assigns as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if it shall happen Mutual Power that either of the Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita- of

ments respectively, hereby veiled and settled in Exchange, or any of them, 1,0 T1 'oa' or any Part thereof, shall at any Time or Times hereafter be lawfully evicted or taken away out of the Possession of the Person or Persons, her, his, or their respective Heirs or Assigns, in or upon whom, or to whose Use the fame Hereditaments and Premises are hereby respectively settled and limited, by any Right or Title precedent to the passing of this Act, so that the Exchange hereby intended cannot continue, that then and from thenceforth the said Exchange hereby, or intended to be hereby made as aforesaid, shall be void and of no Effect; and then and from thenceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Person and Persons, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, out of whose possession the Hereditaments and Premises respectively, hereby intended to be exchanged as aforesaid, shall b« lawfully evicted or taken away, from [Lot. & Per J 10 F and

850 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

and immediately after such Ejeftion, Ev.ftion, or taking away of the said Premises as aforesaid, to enter into his, her, or their former Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments so hereby respectively settled in Exchange as aforesaid, and to have, hold, and enjoy the fame again, as in his and their first and former Elbite; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Saving clause. IV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all Letfees of the Premises, or any Part thereof, in respect of their several Leases and Interests, and to ail and every other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, and Corporate, his, her, and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other titan and (except the said Helena Lcfevre Widow, Charles Shaw Lefevre and Helena his W ife, and all and every the Son and Sons of the said Charles Shaw Lefevre on the Body of the said Helena his Wife, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies issuing, and all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the said Charles Shaw Lcfevre on the Body of the said Helena his Wife, and the several Heirs of their Bodies, and the Heirs of the Body of the said Helena the Wife of the said Charles Shaw Lefevre, and the said Trustees nominated and appointed in and by the said recited Will of the said John Lefevre deceased, and each of them, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming or to claim auy Estate, Right, Title, Trull, or Interest, at Law or in Equity, of, in, to, or out of the said several Hereditaments and Premises in the said County of Southampton, comprized in and devised and settled by the said Will as aforesaid, and the Heirs of the said Charles Shaw Lefevre), all such Estate, Right, Title, Incerell, Claims, or Demands of, in, to, or out of the Hereditaments respectively velted and settled by this Act, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have held or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be a publick Act, and shall be taken Notice of and allowed as such by all Judges and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

42° GEORG 11 nr. Cap. 54.

85*

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Tenants Names, &c.' DESCRIPTION of PREMISES.

ARCHIBALD THOMPSON, Tenant from YcartoYcar.

GEORGE COOPER, Tenant from Year to Year.

io 91M

ABRAHAM HAWKINS, Tenant from Year to Year.

WHITE, Tenant from Year to Year.

MACMURDO and Co. Tenants from Year to Year.

Ditto - - Ditto,

Ditto - - under Lease, which commences Christraas - - - 1786 Term - - Expire* - 1807

JOHN DALBY, on Lease, which expires Midsummer 1842.

An undivided Moiety of a FIELD of Arable J Land, at Bow — — — J

An undivided Moiety of a FARM HOUSE,' Barns, Stables, Cowlhcds, Granaries, Lofts, and other Buddings, with fevetal Pieces or Parcels of Garden, Arablo, Meadow, and Pasture Land, at Old Ford in the Paiilhcs of Bow and Hackney, or One of them An undivided Moiety of TWO FIELDS of Meadow Parish

An undivided Moiety of ONE FIELD of.%

Meadow or MarfliLand, at Old Ford, in the K [

Parish of Bow — — — J

An undivided Moiety of a Piece of MEADOW "J

I

vided Moiety of TWO FIELDS of aw or Mai (h Land, at Old F.rd, in the > of Bow — — — J

3 1

)']£ bflL

tt»bax»

3 vl

L AND,cal!ed Seven Acre Field, at Old Ford,

in the Parish of Bow -

An undivided Moiety of a MESSUAGE an dl

1

COTTAGE, with Garden and Stables, the J

Messuage underlet tc and the Cottage to

: of

Hicks, 1

Pari is J

An undivided Moiety of certain LANDS and near the Marshes on the East Side

1

Wick Lane, together with sundry Buildings, used by Mcflrs. Mac Murdo and Co. as a Dye House and Bleaching Ground, situate in the several Parishes of Bow and Hackney, or One of them — — — — J

An undivided Moiety of a certain large^ DWELLING HOUSE, S»blts, Faflory, j and Piece of Meadow Land, at Old Ford, in the PariOi of Bow

Carried

Land, at Old Ford, in j

Quantity.

a. r. r. 2 2 2

21 2 tj

odi t

9 -

3 o 38

anuiiifai

o o 13 i

18 1 371

6--

o ,ol

» ° *3}

54

Frcfent An mul Rent.

10 -

11b 01 t

Annual

V-lue.

Outgoings.

Land Tax — 13 4

tju8

sqbi

;iwcI

Land Tax 7 to —

11 10 —

shub

t-Uli I

tferii

[ Odl A\.~if

Land Tax — 10 6

Land Tax

)} I\J'

upit

fa ni

Land Tax

II, I

Land Tax —- 19 5

f/olii

[1 gui

Land Tax 5 — 4

Land Tax 1 x {

>4 16 ii

852

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 54

Tenants Names, &c.

DESCRIPTION of PREMISES.

Demised by JOHN

winch Christmas Term —

Lease to TURNER, ummences

- 1781

- ii

Expires — — —1802

MARYPAYZE, on

JLcafe, which expires Lady Day 1S40

WILLIAM MANN,

Lease, which col mences

Lady D»y-----1760

Term — — — 99

Expires — — 1859

Ditto — —ai from Year to Year.

An undivided Moiety of ith Cottage id, in the lion ot Wright

Brought over —

certain WHARF,"'

01 a uu.im u iinnr,

and sundry Buildings, at O'd 1 Panlh of Bow, in the Occupa- f

Wright — — —— J

An undivided Moiety of a certain PUBLICK y HOUSE and Tea Guldens, 3t Old Ford, in the Pat ilh of Bow - J

The Entirety of a large DWELLING-HOUSE 1 and Homeflall, at Bromley — .— — J

Ditto — — Ditto

Tenant An undivided Moiety of a certain COTTAGER and Mar(h Lands, in Bow and Hacitncy v Marshes, neai Old Ford, in the Occupation f of the said William Mann -

The Entirety of a certain FIELD, called Buvr ‘ Common Field, in the Pari lit of Bromley

U N W I N and S T O- The Entirety of a certain Piece of MEADOW 7 N A R D, on Lealc. I LAND, at Bromley - - — - J

MclTuONEYandWEB- An undivided Moiety of Two COTTAGES.

T.nnnle fr.vw, I . J.

STER, Tenants from Year to Year.

s, )

The Entirety of it tenant DWELLING -)

SMITH, and CUR R1E, on Lease, 14 Ye.irs of which were unexpired at Michaelmas — — 1801.

BELLIS, Tenant from Year to Year.

HOUSE, Malt Distillery, and extensive Pre- I miles, at the East Side of Foui Mill Street, ! Bromley; Six Cottages, with Gardens, Two v Windmills, and about Three Acres and a , Half of Pafluie Land, on the West Side of ‘ Four Mill Street aforesaid — — — J

in undivided Moiety of a certain Piece of MEADOW LAND, awarded by the Com- m.dinners under the Act of Parliament for y ir.closing the Common Field Lands in the f Parish of Edmonton — — — — J

I DU L E—continued

Quantity. Present Annual Rent. Annual Value. Outgoings.

A. R. P. 54 *92 £ - ' 105 15 — £ < ' £ / 14 t ,f

0 r 0 15 7 to — Land Tax — u j

1 0 35 10 10 — 10 10 — Land Tax — *7 3

6 0 14 .1-- Land Tax 0 12 —£

1 prm rU .41

14 0 13 jo 70 Land Tax 2 14 7

8 3 *6 20 27 ( Land Tax 1 14 — \ < Quit Rent 7 \ toBromlcy £ ' U

rj 2 2 38 4! 5 Land Tax 2 12 6

0 0 6 6 Land Tax — 76

- l60 220 —

2 I 26$ 3 10 — 6

no 3 3* 540 15 — 26 9 si 629 5 — 26 9 54 aS a io$ Quit Rents 167

494 5 65 601 ij cy 16 , si

N.B. All the Lands and Premises comprized in the aforegoing Schedule arc Freehold, except Twenty-one Acre* or thereabout, Part of the Lands in Old Ford, which ate Copyhold of Inheritance un-difiinguishable, held of the Manor of Stepney other wise Stebonheath, subject to Quit Rents, amounting to 1. 6. 7.; and Eight Acres Three Roods Twenty-six Perches, Part of the Lands in Bromley, which arc described to be in the Occupation of William Mann, are Copyhold of the Manor of Bromley Sr. Leonard, at the Will of the Lord.

The Timber funding on the above Eflfite amounts in Value to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, or thereabouts.

42° GEORG 11 m. Cap. 54. 853

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Tenants Names, Sec. DESCRIPTION of PREMISES. Quantity. Present Annual Rent. Value.

A.

ThojUas caplin, A MESSUAGE or FARM HOUSE, Out--]

Ltafe from Michaelmas 1796, for 21 buildings and Ptemife*, together with several

Years, determinable Inclosures of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture

at the End of the tuft 7 or 14 Years, at the and Coppice Ground thereto belonging, situ- «s 0 -4 75 - - 75 —

Option of either Parry, ate In the Hamlet of Mattingfey and Tything

on giving 12 Calendar Months Notice. of Hazelcy in the Paiifli of Heckfield; late

Simeon’s ——

THOMAS BANNIS- A MESSUAGE and FARM HOUSE, Out-

TER, on Lease, 6 buildings a»dPremifes, and several Inclosures

Years of which are of Land thereto belonging, with the Appur- 43 0 7 53 ~ ~ 53 —

unexpired at Michael- tcnances situate in the Hamlet of Matting-

mas 1S02. ley aforesaid; late Burroughes’s -

WILLIAM CLARKE, A MESSUAGE or FARM HOUSE, Out-'

on Lease, 5 Year* of buildings, Farm, and Premises, with several

which are unexpired Inclosures of Arable, Meadow, Pasture, Cop-

at Michaelmas 1802. pice Ground, and Hop Land theicto adjoining l25 0 0 45 — — ns —

and belonging, situate in Mattingley afore-

laid; late Brafter’s -

In Hand — — A Parcel of COPPICE or WOOD GROUND

called Great Binficlds, situate and being at: 5* I to 4® 4 — 40 4 —

Heckfield ——

JOHN SEV/RV, on A MESSUAGE, Buildings, and Farm, called"

Lease for 14 Years, HAMLYNS, together with Lands thereto

from Michaelmas belonging, called Wood Fields, and a Clofc 75 0 60 - - 75 —

179* of Land called Brocas Pightlc, situate in the

1 Parish of Hartley Westpall -

Carried forward - - 353 £ . 3*3 4 — 35* 4 -

Outtomp.

£ J-(Millinjlqri

L»ndT*l 15 1

I H.iiel«y D« 4 -

i Quit Rent y j lo Lord C — I —

I Bolton 5

Corpora ri- 7

I on of Ba- V 4

Lfingttoke J

|* Land Tax 6 I 6

Quit Rent y to Lord J— 14. 6 L Bolton i

f Land Tat 6 14 5 [ Quit Rent 1 a 7

- 36 u 7

[Lff.£5? iVr.]

10 G—H

854

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 54,

THE SECOND SCHEDUL E-amtinuri.

Tenants Names, &c. DESCRIPTION of PREMISES. Quantity. Present Annual Rent. Annual Value. Outgoings

fdntoienl J .54illV A. R. P. £ d. £ ' d. £. *. i.

j Brought over 35* 3*3 4 - isS 4 — — — J6 11 7

DANIEL TUBB, Certain Lands, called GASTON LANDS,-

situate in Hartley Wefipall, with the Barn

from 10th October and Backside thereto belonging — — 70 0.0

>79* A Messuage, Buildings, Farm, and Lands,

called SOMERSELLS situate in Haitley

Westpall aforesaid — — — — ^4 0 0 ’ A'J

S ' J Another Messuage, Buildings, Farm, and 1 Land Tax 7 ,.

Lands, situate in Hartley Westpall afore- t — — — 30 i3s,) Hurley, P* 14 8

laid - — f /

v. Do.Sherfield 1 19 6

A Meadow, called GASTON MEAD, situate

in Hartley Westpall aforesaid — — — 1200

Another Meadow, called NEW MEAD, in

Hartley Weflpall aforesaid — — 200

Another Meadow,called DALMORE MEAD,

situate in Sherfield upon Loddon — — «, 18 0 0

186 0 0 - f Heckfield 7 lf j

A M.ITuajc or FARM HOUSE, with the~| I Land Tax S

Outbuildings, Garden, Orchard, and several 1 j Mattinglcy 2 19 7

from Michaelmas 1800. Inclosures of Arable, Failure, and Meadow I Land thereto belonging, situate in the several j 176 i 13 C23 123 1 Stratfield 7 <TurghDo.S 1 "

Tythingsor Hamlets of Hcckfield, Stratfield I Quit Rents

Turgis, and Matting ley; late Carter’s — J I to Lord >118

I - I Du 'oLucd? 6

JOSEPH SOANE, A Messuage or FARM HODEE, with the"^ (Bollun S

Tenant from Year toYcar. Outbuildings and Premises, and several Incfo- 1

lures of Arabic, Patture, and Meadow Land 30 1 2 21 Land Tax 2 8 —

thereto belonging, situate in Hartley West- 1

pall and Maittngley $ late Carter's — J

In Hand — — Sundry Pieces of COPPICE LANDC, situate"'*

in Heckfield Hartley Weflpall, and Strat- y c

field Turgis, in the Occupation of Charles , ZZ Io

Shaw Lcfevre Esquire; late Carter’s — J

- «i e.S L , m , % 779 3 s 616 710 — 72 10 9

1 fc ' All the Premises comprized in this

Schedule arc Freehold. -

Dedildlions — — 72 10 9 72 10 9

- S V > ... . 543 9 3 «37 9 3

Value of the MIDDLESEX Estate, comprize

in the First Schedule. - — 494 5 H 602 15 6;

Eiccft of the HAMPSHIRE Fibre _ — I 49 3 34 >3 8J

Surveyed, by us, 7 William Majon, I Sol. S Cfta’. Bailey.

1 ’ 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 54 vr> 00

A COMPUTATION of the Value of the FEE of the Estate comprized in the FIRST SCHEDULE.

Tenants Namss. Annual Rems. Improveable Rents. Deductions. Grof» Amount of The Fee on the present Net Rents. Gross Amount of the Fee on the Net Improveable Value.

1 r i i LANDS at OLDFORD. J . At EDMONTON. — Archibald Thompson— George Cooper — — Abraham Hawkins — White — — M'Murdo and Co. — Ditto — — — John Dalby — — Wright — _ Mary Puyz.e — — William Mann Belli* — -11111^2121 O O 6 O^fs 0 m £. d. 12 too 10 10 — 8 10 — 11 10 — 55 17 10 — 7 10 — 10 10 70 6 — £ , " '3 1 7 10 —. — io 6 — io — — 10 — 3 — 4* 1x6 — 11 3 — 17 3 2 14 7 £ > At 28 f Year. ( 7,105 5 JO Furchalc } £. d. 8,148 5 its

ill 15 — <7 «9 9i 309 *7 19 9? 17 19 9i

Net Rent — 253 ij 2{ 29t — ' J

BUILDINGS at OLD- C FORD. — _ j M'Murdo and Co. — Oncy and Wcbfter — 13 6 ,3 6 1. , - 1, 6 I

- 19 7 — 19 1 7 — i 7 — At 15 j Years J 264 15 — Purchase j 164 15

lands at bromley. J 17 ij _ 17 <3 —

William Mann — — Unwin and Stonard — '»- - iz 4* 5 — - 22 f] a 22 6 At 28 j

-; 50 3 4 6* S4 5- 3 4 «i 1 4 4 V Years I 1,309 15 2 Purchase } 1,428 12 1

Buildings at brom- f LEY. — — — j Hatch, Curriej and 1 Smith — — r 46 15 6$ l60 5* — 52 220 J — 1 r$* 0 1 1 4,840 -

Ditto - - - Copyhold at n the Will of the Lord. 3 William Mann — — xii 6| 2 11 i 14 — Qr. Rt. 17 6 At 25 j Years 4 435 i, _ Do. y 6lO II —

»7 8 5i 24 8 5f 1 11 6}J 12,63611 — «5,292 4 —

This Statement made by uj, 7 William Mafia, 6th March l Sea. J Cha'.Baihj.

856

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 54,

COMPUTATION of the Fee of (he Estates comprized In the SECOND SCHEDULE, ' at Twenty-eight Years Purchtfe.

Net Annual Rent. Net Annual Value. Gross Amount of the Fee on the present Net Rents. Gross Amount of the Fee of the Improvable Value.

£ *. 343 9 £ J. *37 9 £ e. Ij,!i6 14 4 £ c. 19,848 14 4

Dedufl the Gross Value y of the MIDDLESEX I ESTATE — — 3 — — >2,636 I| 15,291 4 —

Excels of the HAMP--) SHIRE ESTATE, in I point of Gross Value J — — »i5*° J 4 1, J5« 10 4

This Statement computed by us, 7 William Mason, 6th March, i8os. $ Cha‘. Bailey.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 55.

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigtown; and for the more effectually amending, widening, altering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the High Bridge of Cree, by Newton Douglas, Glenluce, and Stranraer, to Portpatrick, and from Stranraer to the Confines of the County of Ayr, near the Cairn of Lochryan; and for levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County.

[24th May 1802.]

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigtown, certain Persons were appointed Trustees for surveying, ordering, amending, and repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads and Bridges in the said County, and certain Powers were given to the said Trustees for the said Purposes: And whereasfomeProgress has been madeir.making and repairing the said Roads, but the Powers granted by the said Act have been found ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended; ami it would be of Advantage to the Publick if the said Act was repealed, and more effectual Powers were given for making and repairing the Roads in the said [Loc. Ss5 Per.] 10/ County:

I

Li.

iS Geo.

862

repelled.

Trustees for the Roads appointed.

4.20 GEORGII TIL Cap. 55;

Counrv: And whereas the Road through the said County, from the High Bridge of Cree, bs Newton Douglas, G/enluce, and Stranraer, to Portpatrick, and trim Stranraer to the Confines of t e County of Ayr, near the Cairn of Loibryan, being One if the great Co mumcations between England, Scotland, zn<h Ireland, is in ba Repair, and cannot be properly amended and kept in Repair, unless Tolls are allowed to be levied thereon, and other Powers are given: And whereas the Laws now iubfifting for the makina of Roads, and building Bridges, and repairing the fame, have been found ineffectual in the said County of Wigtown, to make and maintain the Roads through the lame generally, and other and farther Powers are necessary in order to carry the Purposes of the said Laws into Execution, and it is attended with Difficulty to make effectual, and properly to apply the Statute Work in the said County: And whereas a reasonable Composition in Money, in lieu ofactual Labour, is in many Places found to be more useful and effectual for the Purpose of making and repairing the Roads, as well as more ealy and convenient for the Persons liable in Statute Services, than the actual Performance, and it would therefore be of Advantage to the said County of Wigtown, to convert the Statute Services into Money, and to ascertain the Rates thereof, and the Mode of levying the fame, and to authorize an additional Assessment, than that at present allowed to be imposed on the Heritors of Lands and other Persons in the said County, for making Highways and Bridges through the fame; and as these several Purposes cannot be effectually accomplished without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted i and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall be, and the fame is hereby, from and after the passing of this Act, repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person who is at present, or shall hereafter during the Continuance of this Act, be in the actual Possession or Enjoyment of the full Property or Dominium Utile of Lands in the said County of Wigtown, valued in the Land Tax Roll or Valuation Books at One hundred Pounds Scots per Annum in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, and the eldest Sons of such Proprietors, and also One Guardian of each Minor or other Person incapacitated by Law to act for him or herself possessed of Lands in the said County of the Valuation aforesaid; and in the Absence of any Proprietor possefifed of Lands within the said County, rented at Three hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum or upwards, or his or her Guardian when Minor, or incapacitated as aforesaid, One Factor of such Proprietor not being appointed for the Purpose of making him a Trustee under this Act, but bond fide exercising the Business usually belonging to the Office of a Factor or Land Steward; and also the Sheriff Depute of the said County, or his Substitute in his Absence, and the Chief residing Magistrate of every Royal Burgh within the said County during his M.igiftracy only, shall be and they hereby are nominated and appointed Trustees for surveying, ordering, making, amending, widening, altering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, and causing to be surveyed, made, amended, widened, altered, repaired, and kept in Repair, the several Roads in the said County of Wigtown, and the Bridges thereupon, and for putting in Execution all the Powers and

Authoiities

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 55. 863

Authorities by this Act given and granted, with Power to finifti any Business begun by the Trustee* appointed by the said Act of the Eighteenth of His Majesty, and to call to account all Persons who acted under the Authority thereof, and to recover all Arrears and the current Year’s Conversion Money payable under the said Act.

III. And be it enacted, That if any Person, not qualified as aforesaid, ^"*,tyfnn or as herein-after mentioned, shall, notwithstanding presume to act as a qual'lcj.00 Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling, besides the Expence of Prosecution, to be recovered by sum-

mary Complaint at the Suit of any Heritor of the said County before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriffs Depute or Substitute of the said County of Wigtown, and to be paid to the said Trustees or their Collector, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Person complained of; and every Thing so acted or done by such unqualified Person shall be void and null, unless the same shall have been also agreed to by a Majority of a legal Meeting of Trustees qualified as aforesaid.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any of the said Trustees shall accept Trust not or hold any Place of Profit arising out of this Act, he shall be incapable j>°acec>fProfit of acting as a Trustee during his Enjoyment of such Place of Profit, and undecthi» that no Victualler or Retailer of Beer, Ale, or Spirituous Liquors, shall Act-

be capable of holding or enjoying any Office of Trull or Profit under this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five

or more of them, shall hold their First General Meeting under this Act jngs, outer of at Wigtown, upon the Third Wednesday after the passing of this Act, for the Proceeding,*, Purpose of arranging the Proceedings, and for appointing such Officers and regulating such Matters as may be requisite for carrying this Act into Execution, and thereafter shall hold Three General Meetings in the Year, One at Wigtown, on the First; lawful Day after the Thirtieth of April, or such other Day as shall be appointed for the Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply for laying on the Cess; another at Glenluce, upon the First: Tuesday of August; and another at Wigtown on the First V/ednesday subsequent to the Day on which the Michaelmas Head Court for the County is held, with Power to the said Trustees, or Majority of those prefenc at the said General Meetings, to adjourn them-lelves to the next lawful Day thereafter whensoever necessary, without Intimation, as also with Power to adjourn to such other Times and Places as they shall think convenient. Ten Days previous Notice of the Day and Place and Purpose of the adjourned Meetings being always given by circular Letters from the Clerk of the General Meetings to the Trustees resident in the County, or to the known Factors of those who may be absent, and if a Quotum of the Trustees shall not attend any General Meeting or adjourned Meeting, the Meeting shall be virtually adjourned, and shall be held at the same Place on thac Day Fortnight, and so on from Fortnight to Fortnight, until a Quorum shall attend; and it (trail be in the Power of the said Trustees to name Committees cl their Number, to have the more immediate

Caic

864

Quorum of Traitees.

For ere (fling Turnpikes, &e.

Toll!.

Proportion of 'l olls may be applied in repairing Road from Nrvjton Douglas a; d Portpatri. k.

Trustees may lower Toils, and ia lc them again.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

Care and Management of particular Parts of the said Roads, and to give thel'e Committees such Instructions and such Powers as they shall think fit and expedient.

VI. And be it enacted, That Five Trustees at a General Meeting assembled, and Two Trustees in any Committee, (except where otherwise directed in the Appointment of such Committee), shall be a sufficient Quorum; and at every Meeting a Prefes shall be cholen, who, besides his Vote as an ordinary Member, shall in Case of Equality have a carting Vote; but no Person shall have more than One Vote on any Pretence excepting as Prefes.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees at the First or any of the stated General Meetings assembled, may cause to be erected Gates and Turnpikes across any Part of the said Road, from the High Bridge of Cree by Newton Douglas, Glenluce, and Stranraer, to Pertpatrick, and from Stranraer to the Confines of the County of /!yr, near the Cairn of Lochryan , and to erect, or cause to be erected, such Number of Toll Houses as they shall think fit, and may authorize the Collectors or Tackf-men under their Authority, to take and levy at each of the said Gates, before any Passage is permitted, the Rates, Tolls, and Duties after mentioned; (that is to say),

For each Coach, Landau, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Hearse, Calafli, Chair, or other such Carriage, at the Rate of Sixpence Sterling for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, drawing the fame

And for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Sledge, or other such Carriage, at the Rate of Three-pence Sterling for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, drawing the fame; and at the Rate of One Penny Halfpenny Sterling for every Bull, Cow, or Ox, drawing the fame

And for every Horle, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, or whereon any Person shall ride, and not drawing, the Sum of Twopence Sterling:

And for every Als, Bull, Cow, Ox, or neat Cattle, the Sum of One Penny Sterling:

And for every Hog, Calf, Sheep, Lamb, or Goat, the Sum of One Farthing Sterling.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to, and in the Power of the said Trustees, at General Meetings assembled, from Time to Time to direct such Part of the Tolls and Dudes by this present Act authorized, to be levied as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Fifth Part of the annual Produce thereof in any One Year, to be laid out and applied for the repairing the Roads made or to be made within the County of Wigtown, branching out of or ieading from Newton Douglas, by Glenluce and Stranraer to Portpatrick: Provided always, that no Money shall in any Cale be allowed for such branching Roads, unless at a General Meeting called by circular Letiers Ten Days before the Day of Meeting, in which it shall be ltated that a Propolal for granting such Allowance is to be laid before the Meeting.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, shall be, and they hereby are empowered, at any General Meeting, to dimimfli or kflen any or all

it of

A

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 55. ' 865

of the said Rates upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, with the Consent of the Persons entitled to the Money then due and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls, if any be, and not otherwise; and also to raise the Rates again if they shall see cause, but so as not at any Time to exceed the Rates authorized as aforesaid by this Act; and a large and dif-tinct Table of the Toll Duties demandable at each Gate, shall be put up and remain in a conspicuous Place upon or near the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said ",a;r

Trustees to erect, or cause to be erected. One or more Gate or Gates, g‘a'jS> a°d' on the Side or Sides of the Turnpike Road, and across any Lane or Way take Toll, leading into or out of the fame; and a Toll House at each such Gate, and

there to demand and take such Tolls as are authorized by this Adf, on the main Road, declaring that these Side Bars shall affect no other Road than the said Turnpike Road before described, and only to prevent Eva-fions on that Road.

XI. And be it enacted, That no Person or Persons having OccaGon to Tolhnotto pal's through any Turnpike or Turnpikes to be ere died by virtue of this tPanOncea" Act, and who shall return the same Day through the said Turnpike or Day. Turnpikes beforeT welve of the Clock at Night, with the fame Coach, Cart,

or other Wheel Carriage drawn by the fame Horse or Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, shall be liable to pay the Tolls or Duties more than Once, but shall, on Demand, be furnished with a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, signifying the Payment of such Toll or Duty; and these shall give Right to the said Person or Persons returning the same Day as aforesaid, to repass the said Turnpike or Turnpikes Toll free.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That for Carriages employed Exemptions in carrying Manure or Fuel of any Kind, or going for the fame, or tr"m rol'* returning empty after carrying the fame, only One Half of the Rates

by this Adf before imposed shall be demandable; and that no Tolls shall be levied for or in respect of Carriages, Horses, or Cattle, employed in carrying Materials for making or repairing any of the Roads or Bridges in the said County, or any Corn in the Straw or Ucenfils of Husbandry, or returning empty after carrying the fame, or carrying any Person to or from Church, or any Place of religious Worship, belonging to or situated within the Parish where such Person refu’.es, or on attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die, and be buritd within the County, or in conveying the Mails, Letters, or Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, or in returning back from conveying the fame, or for the Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or for any Horses,

Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Solditrs, or in conveying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or for Horses, Carts, or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent with legal Passes, or Horses or Cattle going or returning from their usual Places of Pasture or watering, or going to Smithies for the Purpose of being Ihoed, or returning therefrom; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding hive Pounds Sterling, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling.

[Lee. EsTer.]

10 K

866

( <nportions >nay be made.

For ereflinj

VytighinsEn-

gines.

Charging Carriage* with heavy

Weights an additional

Toll.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

Xlif. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees at any General Meeting to compound with any Person or Persons keeping Carriages, Horses, or Cattle, in the Neighbourhood of any of the said Turnpike Gates, or being under Circumstances which render the Payment of the lull Duties particularly burdensome, and that for any reasonable Sum to be paid by Advance in lieu of the Toll Duties to which such Person or Persons might be subjected; provided that such Composition shall not be made at One Time for longer than the Period the Tolls are then let at, and all such Compositions shall be entered in Books to be kept by the principal Clerk of the said Trustees.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall, if they find it necessary, cause Weighing Engines tft be erected Upon such Parts of the said Roads as they shall think fit for weighing all Carriages which shall pass along the said Roads; and in cale any Carriage drawn on Wheels of less Breadth than Nine Inches shall be found to weigh more than Six thousand Weight, the Owner of every such Carriage shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, for each Hundred Weight such Carriage shall weigh above Six thousand Weight, and it shall be lawful for the Collector of the said Tolls or Duties to receive and take over and above the usual Tell the said Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling; and in cale any Carriage drawn on Wheels o( Nine Inches, or of a greater Breadth than Nine Inches, shall be found to weigh more than Twelve thousand Weight in Summer, or Ten thousand Weight in Winter, it shall be lawful for the Collector of the said Tolls Or Duties to receive and take, over and above the Ordinary Toll, the like Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Hundred Weight such C rriage shall weigh more than Twelve thousand Weight or Ten thousand Weight respectively, before the fame respectively shall be permitted to pass through such Gates or Turnpikes, and the same shall be applied as the other Penalties are by this Act directed to be applied; and in cale any Person or Persons shall hinder or obstruct the weighing of any such Carriage as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, besides all necessary Expences.

XV. And whereas much Hurt and Damage has been done to the Roads intended to be made and repaired by this Act, and by the said former Act, by Carriages carrying great Weights, the Fellies of the Wheels of which are not broader than the Fellies of the Wheels of ordinary Carriages, therefore it is reasonable that such Carriages should pay a higher Toll er Duty than other Carriages; be it thrrefore enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may from and after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and two, levy, or cause to be levied, demanded, and taken at the several Turnpike or Turnpikes, Gate or Gates, erected or to be erected on dr across all or any of the Roacfs hereby intended to be made or kept in Repair, before any Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Wheel Carriages drawn by One or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, pass'through tht lame, the Weight of which Carriage, with the Burden or Draught'ther&h'of thereon, shall amount to Two thousand Weight-or upwards,' and the Fellics*of the Wheels of which shall not measure Seven- Inches in brCadth, at least; if drawn by One, and Nine Inches in breadth,' if draw.Tby’One of tnCre

Horses,

867

42° GEORGII III. Cap. si.

Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, Double the Tolls and Duties, which the said Trustees are empowered to levy for such Carriages upon the Roads above mentioned, if such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, with the Burden or Draught therein shall amount to Two thousand Weight or upwards, and the Fellies of the Wheels of which shall not measure Seven Inches in breadth at lead, if drawn by One, and Nine Inches in breadth} if drawn by Two or more Horses, Marcs, Geldings, or Mules; but Double the Tolls shall be levied therefore as would have been leviable had such Carriages not been entitled to any Exemption; excepting always. Carriages carrying the Mail or Packet, Carriages attending Soldiers who are upon their March or carrying their Baggage, and Carts, Carriages, or Waggons travelling with Vagrants salt with legal Fades, which in no Cale whatever shall be liable in any Toll or Duty; and declaring that Carriages loaded with Manure or Fuel of any Kind, shall only be liable for the Half of the said Rates; and the Toll or Duty on such Carriages is hereby expressly declared not to be a Penalty, but the just and fair Toll Duty leviable on such Carriages.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall have Power to feu, purchase, or take on l.ease, such Pieces of Ground as may be necessary for the Scite of the Toll Houses and Gardens to the fame, not exceeding Half an Acre for each House and Garden; and in case the Trustees cannot agree with the Proprietors or Occupiers for the Price, Feu Duty, or Rene of such Ground, the same shall be ascertained by a Jury, as herein-after mentioned; and the said Trustees may, at any General Meeting, let the Toll Duties leviable at any Gate, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, to the highest Offerer, giving Security for the Payment of the Rent, to be approven of by the Trustees.

r XVII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, at any General Meeting assembled, may, from Time to Time, borrow upon the Credit of the Toll Duties aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Money as they find necessary, not exceeding the Sum of Six thousand Pounds Sterling of Principal, to be due at any One Period; and when any Part of the Principal Money borrowed is paid o(f, they may again borrow to the fame or a less Amount, and may assign over the Toll Duties to the Person or Persons from whom the Money is borrowed, as a Security for the Repayment thereof, wirh Interest at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and every such Loan shall, within Ten Days after it is made, be recorded in a Book to be kept by the Clerk of the General Meetings; and the Repayments of Loans, or any Part thereof, shall in like Manner be recorded.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Tolls and Duties,.and the Gates, Toll Houses, and Gardens, shall be vested in the said Trustees; and the said Toll Duties and Money borrowed on the Credit thereof shall be applicable towards making and repairing the said Roads upon which Turn-pikes are hereby authorized to be erected, and the Bridges thereon, and erecting the Gates and Toll Houses, and paying for the ntcefiTary Ground, and for.Damages sustained by the Owners and Occupiers of Gound or Materials taken for the Use of the said Roads, or for Houses or Fences demolished, or for new Fences where needfary to be made, and for defraying fihe Expences of carrying this Act into Execution relative to

the

May purchase Lands for Toll Houses, a‘c.

May borrow Money on the Turnpike Roads,

Toll Houses, &c. velted in Trustees. Application of Toll Du. ties, and Money ho rowed on Credit of Tolls-

868

Penalty on Persons cvad. ing Payment

ot Toils.

Penalty on

destroying Turnpikes, r<-.

Tolls to be applied.

Obliging Payment of Subscription Mo. jiey.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

the kid Turnpike Road, and towards paying the Interest of Money borrowed and Repayment of the Principal, and for or to no other Purpose whatsoever, except paying a Proportion of the Expence of procuring and passing this Act, as after mentioned; the other Proportion being to be paid in Manner after mentioned.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person Ihdi unduly evade Payment of the Duties authorized to be levied as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit a Ticket importing Payment thereof, or give away or dispose of a Tickec to any other Person, who has not actually paid the Duties, or shall pass through any Land, or any Gate or Way, not being a Common Road, in order to evade the going through any adjacent Turnpike; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling nor lei's than Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall maliciously destroy, pull down, break, deface, or injure any Turnpike Gate, or Toll House, or other Edifice, or Work erected or put up for the Purposes of the said Turnpike Roads, or any Bridge thereon, or Parapet or other Wall on the Side of the Roads, or Bridges, or any Mile Stones or Ports erected thereupon, or shall maltreat any Collector or other Person in the Performance of his Duty under this Act, or shall be aiding or artifting the rein, or shall rescue, or attempt to rescue, any Person in Custody for such Offence, every Person so offending shall not only pay for the whole Damages sustained by his tortious Act, but also shall be either itr.prisoned for Three Months, or fined in any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That at any General Meeting of the said Trustees, (the Pufpole of the said Meeting being specially announced by publick Advertisetnent in One Dumfries and One of the Edinburgh Newspapers), it shall be lawful for them to direct the l olls arising at the Turnpike or Toll Bars erected or to be erected on the said Roads, to be managed and applied towards the making, repairing, and upholding of the aforesaid Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; and as soon as the same shall be so adjusted, the Clerk of the said Trustees is hereby authorized and required to enter and record the Resolution, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; and if the Resolution shall be approved of by Two conlecutive General Meetings, it shall not be in the Power of the said Trustees, or of any Number of them, to vary or alter the final Resolution, Determination, or Allocation fomade, at any Time thereafter, excepting with the Approbation of Three conlecutive General Meetings.

XXII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons who has or have subscribed, towards the Expence of making and repairing the said Turnpike Roads by this Act directed or intended to be made and repaired, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their Subscription Money, at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by the said Trustees, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, to sue for and recover the fame in any Court competent in that Part of Great Britain ca!j$d Scotland: Provided always, that the Money so subscribed and paid, shall be repaid

out

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 55. 86$

out of the Monies allowed to be borrowed by this Act, upon the Credit of the Toils to be levied on the said Turnpike Roads, and out of the Monies arising from the said Tolls, and until Repayment, the Monies so advanced shall be a Lien and preferable Charge upon the said Tolls and Duties.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Powers in this Act, respecting the said mt"lendce‘ Roads on which Turnpikes are intended to be erected and Tolls le- continuance vied, shall commence on the said Third Wednesday after the pading of Adt.

of this Act, and continue for the Term of Twenty-one Years thereafter, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XXIV. And, for the more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in ConTerfion°f Repair, the Roads and Bridges in the said County of Wigtown, generally, Labour into be it enacted, Thar, from and after the passing of this Act, Persons Money, heretofore chargeable to perform Statute Services in the said County,

shall be no longer so chargeable, but shall, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay an Assessment in Money, without Prejudice to the Recovery of Arrears due under the said Act of the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty.

XXV. And be it enacted, That all Occupiers of Lands within the said R3^3 of Con-County, whether Proprietors, Liferenters, or Tenants, shall pay yearly version-

for the Lands occupied by them respectively, at a Rate not exceeding Thirty Shillings Sterling for each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, as the Lands stand valued in the Cess Books of the said County, or shall be valued in Manner herein-after mentioned; and in order to fix the Conversion Money payable out of such Lands as are not valued in the Cess Books, the Trustees appointed by this Act shall name One Arbiter on their Part, and intimate that they have made such Choice to the principal Heritor in each Parish, whose Lands are not valued, and he, in Conjunction with the other Heritors in the same Parish possessed of such Lands, shall, within Ten Days after such Intimation, name an Arbiter on their Part, and failing such Nomination the Trustees shall be entitled to apply by summary Petition to the Sheriff Depute of the County, who shall thereupon name an Arbiter on the Part of the Heritors, and thefeTwo Arbiters shall fix and determine the Rates of Valuation, at which the aforesaid Lands, not valued in the Cess Books, shall pay Conversion Money for Statute Labour, in Proportion to the Valuation of Lands of similar Quality in the same Parish; and the said Arbiters shall have Power to name an Overfman in case of Difference, or if they cannot agree upon an Overfman, the Sheriff shall name one upon the summary Application of either Party or Arbiter, and the Decreet arbitral of such Arbiters or Overfmen shall be final and conclusive; and all Occupiers of Houses within Royal Burghs or Villages, having no Land excepting a Garden connected therewith, and rented at Five Pounds Sterling of yearly Value, whether Proprietors or Tenants, shall pay as an Assessment or Conversion for Statute Labour, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling per Annum for each Person; and where the Rent or yearly Value exceeds Five Pounds, they shall pay Sixpence for every Pound Sterling thereof; and where there is no fixed Rent, One shall be settled by Arbitration in case of Difference, in the fame Way \hoctir Per.] io L as

870

« 00 SI 6 4-20 GEORGII III. Cap. 55. as is before mentioned, with regard to the Valuation of Lards; and all Labourers, and all Persons exercising any Craft, Art, or Proledion, and their Servants or Journeymen, (Apprentices only excepted), and all Occupiers of Houses at a Rent or yearly Value below Five Pounds Sterling, having no Land, except a Garden connected therewith, and their Male Lodgers and Inmates, shall pay at a Rate not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, yearly, for each Person; and aW Persons keeping Horses for travelling, and all Innkeepers, Carters, Carriers, and all other Persons keeping Horses for Hue, shall pay Five Shillings Sterling, yearly, for each Horse used by them for these Purposes, to be levied on the greanft Number of such Horses kept by any Person at any Time within each Year for which the Payment becomes due, and which shall be diminished in the fame Proportion as the Conversion of Thirty Shillings Sterling upon the One hundred Pounds Scots of Valuation upon Lands: Provided always, that so far as the said Labourers, Persons exercising Craft, Art, or Profession, Occupiers of H uses below and above Five Pounds Sterling of yearly Value, and their Male Lodgers, Persons keeping Horses for Travelling, Innkeepers, Carriers, and other Persons keeping Horses for Hire, shall rent any Lands, and be assessed in the Quality of Tenants for the L inds occupied by them respectively, they shall be entitled to a Deduction of the Sum of the lefier from the Sum of the greater Assessment; all which Payments or Assessments shall be in lieu of all Statute Services for Highways within the County of Wigtown; and all which shall be payable, on the First Day of May yearly, to the Trustees appointed by this Act, or to Persons appointed by them to collect the fame: Provided always, that no Servant or Labourer who shall be bond fide hired or engaged to work during the Year, or Half Year, under any Mailer, subject to pay Conversion Money for the Land on which such Servant or Labourer resides or works, shall be liable in any Conversion, except for Land which such Servant or I abourer may occupy on his own Account: And provided also, that Parish Schoolmasters shall not be liable to pay Conversion Money for themselves or their Houses or Servants employed therein, unless they are Occupiers of Lands, as Proprietors*or Tenants, in which lad Charaderthey shall be liable to pay; and further, the Trustees may exempt such Persons as appear to them to be in indigent Circumstances from the Payment of Conversion Money, not being for Land occupied by them; and the Trustees shall fix and ascertain the Rates of Conversion as they shall deem expedient, not exceeding the Rates herein-before mentioned, and the Whole of the Conversion Money collected in each Parish shall be applied in making and repairing the Roads in such Parish, unless the Heritors possessed of Two Third Parts of the valued Rent of such Parish, agree that the said Conversion Money or Part thereof may be laid out elsewhere, and in that Cafe the fame may be applied, by the Orders of the Trustees in a General Meeting, to any Roads leading from thence through the next adjoining Parishes only; and the said Trustees may, at any General Meeting, after any of the Roads in One Parish are completed, diminith and let down the Conversion Money aforesaid, in such Parish, to such Rates as they judge necessary, provided that all Debts previously contracted be first discharged.

Lift of Occuj

XXVI. And be it enacted, That every Proprietor of Lands shall give in to

firerVdin^/o the CoIIe&or of the Conversion Money, for that Parish in which his Lands

or

42° GEORGIII III. Cap. 55. 871

or Part thereof lie, an exact Lift: of all the Occupiers of such Lands, and the Proportion of Valuation belonging to each, on or before the First of March next after the paffi-g of this Act, in so far as not alieady done under the said Act of the Eighteenth of His Mijrfty, and shall annually thereafter give in similar Lifts of all Alterations in the Occupiers or Proportions of Valuation, when any such shall occur, and the Collection shall be made accordingly.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, at any General Meeting, Affeiror^may may annually elect and appoinr, for each Parish and Royal Burgh in the |jr eachPa-said County, One or more fit Persons resident therein, to be Afftflors for such Parish or Burgh, and every Person so appointed an Assessor, neglecting or refusing to act, shall forfeit a Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, for each Time he is elected and so neg'efts or rrfufes, unless such Person gives to the Justices of the Peace of the said County, assembled at their Quarter Sessions, a Reason for such Neglect or Refusal allowed of by the said Justices as satisfactory; and every Person ap- '

pointed as an Assessor as aforesaid, shall, before acting as such, take the following Oath

I A.B. do solemnly swear, That I will faithfully execute the Office of A(Teflor’«

1 Assessor of Conversion Money, in lieu of Statute Labour, for the Oath'

{ Parish or Burgh of C, in the County of IVigtown.'

But no Person shall be obliged to hold the Office of Assessor after Once exercising it, till after an Interval of Four Years.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Assessor or Assessors and Collectnr for AfT (T r= to each Parish and Royal Burgh shall, annually, to the best of thrir Know- y*keuPL,ll,» ledge, make up a State or Lift of all the Persons in such Parish or Burgh liable to pay Conversion Money, with the Sum payable by each; and also a List of the Persons who were charged in the preceding Year, distinguishing those who paid and those in Arrear; which States and Lifts shall, from the First Day of April in each Year, either be affixed on the most patent Door of the Parish Church, or shall be lodged for publick Inspection at the House of some Person in the Parish, and Notice thereof affixed in Writing on the Church Dior, in order that if there be Errors in the fame, N nice may be taken of them, and the said Collectors and AffefLr or AflVflors shall report the same to the next Meeting of Parish Trustees after ihe fail First Day of April, and at the said Meeting all Parties interrfted shall be heard, and the Trustees shall finally adjust the fame, and declare their Approbation thereof; and the Collector shall exact and levy the Conversion Money according to such final States and Lifts, and failing so to do or to report exact Diligence, shall himself be liable to pay any Sums by him omitted to be exacted, and an annual Collection Day shall be held in each Parish, within Ten Days after the First Day of May, which Day of Collection shall be advertised at the Church D or of the said Parish, on a Sunday at leaf! One Week previous th rcto, declaring that the Collector of the Cess of each- Royal Burgh, if required b a General Meeting of the Trustees appointed by this Act, shall be ob’i ,ed to collect the Conversion Money due by the Inhabitants of the said R >yal Burgh, and likewise that due for any Lands belonging to or hell of such Royal Burgh, and to pay the fame after deducting Five Pounds per Centum

872

County mny be it,vid'd in toDiftricls.

Division Proceeding' (irb-ject to General Meetings Directions.

Proceedings, etc. to be recorded.

Bridge Money

Assessment.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

fcr his Trouble to any Person authorized to receive it by the said Trustees; and any Collector of a Royal Burgh, who refuses or neglects so to do, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for every Offence.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, at any General Meeting assembled, may, for the Purpose and better levying of the said Conver-

fion Money, divide the County into Two or more Districts or Parish DiviGbns, and separate Accounts of the Conversion Money raised shall be kept within each District and Division, and such Districts and Divisions may be afterwards altered by the Order of Three conlecutive General Meetings of the Trustees.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the whole Proceedings of the Trustees in the District or Parish Meetings, shall always be subject to the Direction and Controul of the General Meetings, and in case the District or Parish Meetings do not comply with the Orders of the General Meetings, it shall be in the Power of the General Meetings to appoint a Committee of Three or more of their Numbers to carry such Orders into Execution,

XXXI. And be it enacted, That Minutes of all the Proceedings of the Trustees as well in their Committees and District or Parish Meetings, as in their General Meetings or Adjournments thereof, and likewise all Contracts and Agreements made by them, shall be recorded in Books to be kept by the Clerks of the General District, Parish, or Division Meetings respectively and in case any Person making any Contract or Agreement with the Trustees, shall not within One Momh thereafter present the same to the Clerk to be recorded, such Person shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling, and any Clerk refuting or neglecting to record any Contract or Agreement within One Month after the same shall be presented to him, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling for each Offence-, and the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Trustees shall state the Substance of all Deliverances on any Petitions or other Papers presented t? them, otherwise the said Deliverances shall be of no Effect, and the Originals shall be deposited with the Clerks.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees of the Roads for the said County, or the Majority of those present at the annual Meeting appointed by the Land Tax Act, in Time coming, to aflcfs.the whole County to the Extent of Four Shillings and Two-pence Sterling upon every One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent yearly, as the Lands stand valued in the Cess Books, or shall be valued in Manner aforesaid, in lieu of the Assessment authorized by the Sixteenth Act of the Second Parliament of King Charles the Second, to be levied by the Colledlcr of Supply at the same Time with the Land Tax of the said County, and applied towards building, making, repairing and upholding the Bridges, and repairing the Roads in the said County, where the said Trustees shall direct, upon which no Tolls shall be levied by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that no Part of the said AHefTment shall be applied towards the making or eredling of any new Bridge or Bridges, unless the fame be made in a Line of Road approved of by the said Trustees.

42° GEORGII m. Cap. 55.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall be and they hereby re empowered to borrow upon the Credit of the Conversion Money leviable in each Parish in lieu of the Statute Services as aforesaid, such Sums of Money as they shall find to be expedient, and to assign over the Conversion Money in Security for the Repayment thereof, with the Interest thereupon, at ary Rate not exceeding Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, provided that the whole Sums due at any Time on the Credit of the Conversion Money of any One Parish, including the Money borrowed and (till owing under the Authority of the said Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall not exceed Six Years Amount of such Conversion Money, taken at the Maximum Assessment, and that no more than One Half of the annual Conversion Money in such Parish shall be used as a Fund of Credit whereupon to borrow or be a(signable in Security of the Money borrowed and Interest thereof j and all Transactions for raising Money on the Credit of the Conversion Money shall in other Respects be subject to the fame Regulations that are made requisite in borrowing Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the preceding Part of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the Money authorized by this Act to be levied in Name of Conversion, in lieu of Statute Services, and the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall be vested in the said Trustees, as a Fund to be applied in Payment of the Money borrowed upon the Credit of the said Conversion Money and the Interest thereof in each Parish respectively, and in defraying the Charges attending the Execution of this Act relative thereto, and in making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads in the respective Parishes in which, or upon the Credit of the Conversion of which, such Money shall have been raised, and thereafter in the adjoining Parishes as before-mentioned, and to no other Purposes whatsoever, except the paying a Proportion of the Expence of procuring and passing this Act, as after-mentioned.

XXXV. Provided always, That in case the Trustees of any of the said Parishes shall neglect to execute the Powers committed to them by this Act, and shall not have levied and applied the Conversion Money according to the Regulations of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Trustees, at their annual General Meeting, to apply the Conversion Money not levied or unapplied of each Parish in Faulr, to the Use of the Roads in that or any other Parish within the County.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees aftingas well in Execution of the Powers given by this Act rtlpefting the Roads on which Tolls are authorized to be levied, as in Execution of the Powers given respecting the Conversion Money and Roads of the County generally, (this and the subsequent Regulations and Enactments regarding both Departments of their Duty), may at any General Meeting assembled propose Handing Rules for conducting the Business by this Act authorized, and particularly may settle whatever Clauses and Obligations they think proper to have inferred in Contracts to be entered into by the Trustees, which Rules, when once made and confirmed by Two consecutive General Meetings, shall be printed and published, and shall not be alterable, except by the Approbation of Three consecutive General Meetings.

.: [Lee. & Per.J

«73

Foi-borrowing Money on Conversion.

Application of Conversion Money, and Money borrowed.

Standing Rules, etc. t« be settled.

10 M

874

Accounts ol Money levitd, etc. to be entered in Books.

General Meetings may appoi it Officers, etc.

Mode of borrowing Money, etc.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That a full and exact Account of all the Money levied within each Parish, from the Conversion Money for Statute Labour, and also of the Money arising from the Toll Duties, and of the Application thereof respectively, with proper Vouchers, shall be kept by the respective Collectors, and shall, with all former unsettled Accounts, be annually exhibited to a General Meeting of the Trustees, who shall finally settle the said Accounts; and the Collector or Collectors, when Accounts are settled, shall enter in a Book a clear State thereof, mentioning noc only the whole Sum leviable, and what is actually levied during each Year within his Department, and the Particulars of the Sums laid out and the Names of the Persons by whose Orders, and the Peifotis to whom the fame were paid, but the said State shall also contain an Account and Description of the Work for which each Sum was payable, with the Places and Times at which the Work was done, and as far as can easily be known the Quantity of such Work; and these Particulars shall also be specified in all Orders or Drafts for Payment; and the said Books of Accounts shall at all Times be kept in the Parish or Division, and the original Account of each Parish or Division settled by a General Meeting, shall lie with the prim ipal Clerk, who shall every Year enter into a Book an Abllract of the Accounts of every Parish and Division in the County; which Abstract Accounts shall particularly distinguish how much Money in each Parish and in the whole County is paid for Expence of Management and to the Officers appointed by the Trustees, and the Abstract: Account Book of each Year shall always be laid before the ensuing General Meeting; and no Person shall pay away any Money levied by virtue of this Act, except to the Order of some Person expressly authorized to issue Orders by a General Meeting of the Trustees; and all such Bo iks, States, and Accounts, shall always be open to the Inspection of any Trustee gratis.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Trustees, at any General Meeting, may cleft and appoint fit Persons to be their Clerks, Cashiers, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers, for a Time not exceeding One Year, and may continue the said Officers, or elect others in their Stead, after the Expiration of the said Time; and also may, out of the Money raised by virtue of this Act, pay to them, or to any Person assisting in the Execution thereof, such Allowances as to the Trustees shall appear reasonable, and the said Trustees shall appoint a Person to be their principal Clerk for the whole County for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Trustees may, at any Meeting, remove any of their Officers, and may elect and appoint Officers in their Stead, but not for a longer Period than till the next General, Stated, or Periodical Meeting Provided nevertheless, that the said Trustees, at any General Meeting, may remit to and empower a Meeting in any District, Parish, or Division, to elect and appoint any Officers to Employment, the Business whereof relates only to such District, Parish, or Division; and the said Trustees shall take from the Cashiers or others appointed to any Office of Trust, such Security for the faithful Execution of these Offices as the said Trustees shall deem sufficient.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees at any General or other Meeting assembled, to treat of borrowing any Sum or Sums of Money) unless Intimation has been made by Letter to

{heir

»75

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

their Clerk that it is intended to apply to the next General Meeting for that Purpose Two Calendar Months previous to such Meeting, upon receiving which Letter, the Clerk shall mark thereon the Day he receives it, and immediately writecircular Letters, intimating the Contents and Purpose thereof to the whole Trustees of the Division or Parish for which the Loan is proposed to be made; and whenever any Money shall be borrowed it shall be declared and entered in the Minutes of Pioceedings, and in the said Record Book of Loam, for what Road or Part of a Road, or for what Bridge, the fame is borrowed, and whether for repairing, or for altering, or for making new the fame; and such Money shall not be laid out otherwise than for the Road or Part of a Road, or the Bridge, or for the precise Purpose for which it is so declared to be borrowed.

XL. And be it enacted, That all Persons having lent Money to the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or having advanced Money for the Roads and Bridges under the Faith of that Act, so as to have been entitled to the Repayment and Interest thereof, shall continue to be secured as under the said Act, provided that they and each of them produce to the First, Second, or Third Genetal Meeting of Trustees, to be held under this Act, their several Claims, specifying the whole Debts due to them, and the Nature thereof, and the Roads for which they were contrafttd, and Funds on which they were secured, and a State of all partial Payments thereof, shewing the Amount of what is (till owing, and declaring that no Debts which shall not be claimed as aforesaid at the said First, Second, or Third General Meeting, shall be thereafter acclaimable ffom the said Conversion Money.

XLI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall have Power, in their respective Departments, but under the Conditions and Provisions herein-after mentioned, to cause the said several Roads and Bridges in the said County of Wigtown to be made, repaired, and kept in Repair, and to cause Foot Paths along the said Roads to be made and repaired, if deemed necessary, and also to cause Drains along the fame or through any contiguous Lands, to be made and repaired for the Use of the fame, and to cause Fences to be made and repaired along the Side of or near the fame, to render the fame fate for Travellers, or to prevent f’erlons from evading to pal's through Toll Gates, and to cause any improper Lines of Road to be altered, and new Lines of Road which may be use-fulto the Publick, to be opened; and to cause any Road to be widened, to a Breadth not exceeding Thirty Feet clear within the Side Drains, and for these Purposes to cause any House or Building, not exceeding Ten Feet high in the Side Walls, to be pulled down at or after any Term of Whitsunday, upon Warning given to the Occupier Six Months at least previous to such Term, and to cause all other Obstructions to be removed, and to cause Materials for making or repairing the Roads and Bridges (not actually raised or collected by Authority of the Proprietor or Occupier for any other Purpose), to be taken from any Ground, One Week’s Notice being always given to the Proprietor or Occupier of such Ground, and the Place thereafter marked out by Two of the Trustees, and to cause any Roads, which, by making new Lines of Road, or altering the Course of old Roads, or otherwise, shall have become useless to the Publick, to be suppressed, and likewise to suppress or (top

any

Security to Perf< ns who lent Money under 18 Geo. 3*

Powers to make Roads, and to take Grounds, etc.

876

Power to remove certain Buildings.

Belt Lines of Road to be adopted.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

any Roads, which are of little Importance to the Publick and of no particular Use to any Individual, but which give an Opportunity or Facility to Persons travelling any Road where Toll Gates shall have been erected, to avoid passing through such Gates, and to cause any old Bridges that shall be useless to be pulled down, and the Materials of such suppressed Roads and Bridges to be disposed of or used for the Purposes of this Act, and likewise to cause any Hedge, within Twenty Feet of the Centre of any High Road, to be lopped in the proper Sealon, so as that it shall not overhang the Road, at the Expence of the Owner of such Hedge, in case such Owner does not do it himself after Six Months Notice and also to cause the Branches of any Tree, overhanging any Road, to be lopped in the proper Season, after Notice to the Proprietor, and in the Time aforesaid j and for futveying, and the other Purposes in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person authorized by them, to go through any private Property, doing as little Damage as possible, and paying for the Damage that may be done: Provided always, that in altering, widening, or making the Roads aforesaid, or in digging or taking away the aforesaid Materials* nothing shall be done that may any way prejudice any House or Building, or any Garden, Orchard, or planted Walk, or any Avenue to any House or any Piece or Parcel of indofed Ground, which, before the passing of this Act, has been set apart and used as a Plantation for Trees.

XLII. And be it enacted, That, after the passing of this Act, no House or other Building shall be erected within the Pittance of Twenty Feet from the Middle of any of the said publick Roads or Highways, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings Sterling for every Offence, and the Expence of demolishing such House or Edifice; ant) any Justice of the Peace may stop the building of every such House or Edifice; and if any Building shall be erected hereafter within the Pittance aforesaid, any Two Justices of the Peace, upon Application made to them by any One of the Trustees under this Act, and Proof given that the said Building is within the Pittance aforesaid, may order such Building to be pulled down and the Materials removed at the Expence of the Ereftor or of the Occupier of the Ground on which the fame stands, and grant Warrant for levying the fame in the same Manner as is directed for levying the Composition Money for Statute Labour as aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That no new Line of Road shall be made in pursuance of this Act, nor shall any of the present Roads be repaired at an Expence exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling per Mile, until the bell Line of Direction for such Road shall have been ascertained and approved of in the following Course; that is to say, the making or repairing of the Road shall be proposed at a Meeting of the Trustees, and the Surveyor to be appointed under the Authority of this Act shall, upon Oath, mark or level the Line proposed, and any other Lines pointed out by such Meeting, or by any Trustee, within Three Months thereafter, declaring what Line in which the Road can be carried is moll level, and a Committee shall view these Lines, and report in Writing their Opinion thereon, giving their Reaibns, if against adopting the Line most level; and such new Line of Road shall not befo made, nor shall any of the present Roads be repaired at an Expence exceeding the said Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling

per

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

per Mile, until all those Lines have remained marked on the Ground for Two Months and until after all the said Proceedings have been had, and the Trustees, at O ie General Periodical Meeting or adjourned Meeting, shall have declared their Approbation of One of the Lines, and in case they shall adopt a Lme different from that which the Surveyor shall have declared to be the mod level, the said Road shall not be made or repaired until the Line of Road be approved of by the next General Meeting which shall be held thereafter.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That before the said Trustees shall, at any Notice to be General Meeting, or at any Time, order any Grounds to be taken, g'vcn t*'« or Fence or Building pulled down, in order to make, alter, or widen Pnetors> any Road or Bridge, the Proprietor and Occupier of such Ground and Premises shall receive Foriy Days Notice of Inch Intention, by Writing left at their or their known Agents usual Place of Abode j and that whenever any Building or Fence is to be taken down, or Ground taken for widening, altering, making, or repairing any Road or Bridge, the doing thereof shall be approved of by a General Meeting of the Trustees, and previous Notice of the Operition intended, shall be given to the Proprietor and Occupier, and an Offer shall, at the same Time, be made of what the Trustees aie willing to give, as for the Value or Damages -, and if the said Proprietor or Occupier does not incline to accept of the Offer so made, he shall,- within Fourteen Days after such Notice given him, exhibit to the General Clerk of the Trustees, in Writing, an Offer on his Part of the Value or Sum for Damages which he is willing to accept of; and if the Trustees at their next Meeting do not agree thereto, it shall be Application lawful for them to apply to the Sheriff Depute of the County of Wigtown, or his Substitute, to summon a Jury, in order to value the Ground ne- sheUff.0'* cessary to be taken or ufrd for widening and enlarging the Highways and Roads aforesaid, and the Loss or Damage arising from the altering Value and or removing of Fences; and the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute are hereby empowered and required, upon such Application, to order by a jury, «r. Information thereof to be made to the Owner or Owners, and immediate Occupier or Occupiers of the Grounds proposed to be so taken and used, and afterwards to issue a Summons in the usual Manner for calling together and impannelling a Jury, to consist of at least Fifteen Persons in Number, to examine into, and after Examination to report, upon their Oaths, to the Sheriff, the Value of the Ground so to be taken and used for the widening and enlarging the Highways and Roads over and above Twenty-four Feet in Breadth, including the Drains on each Side, and the Loss or Damage to arise to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occilpiers of the Lands, by altering and removing of Fences where that is proposed to be done, and thereupon the Sheriff shall order and adjudge Payment of the Value and Amount of the Loss and Damage so ascertained to the Owner or Owners, Occupier and Occupiers of the Ground, according to their several Interests; and upon such Payment being made, and a Discharge thereof lodged with the Sheriff Clerk, the said Trustees shall from thenceforth have Right to, and be it Liberty to take and tile the Grounds so valued and paid for, in widening and extending the Highways and Roads aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the Owner or Owners of such Grounds had executed regular Dilpolitions of the fame, and Infeftment had followed: Provided always, that Thirty Days Notice at least shall [£«-. fciPrr.] to N be

878

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

be given to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Grounds, so to be valued, and Fences intended to be altered or removed, of the Day upon which the Jury is to be impannelled for those Purposes, and that no Proceedings and Orders of the said Sheriffs in the Premises, made In pursuance of this Act, shall be reviewable by Bills or Letters of Advocation or Suspension to or questionable by any Court whatsoever, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding , and the Expences of ascertaining the Value or Damages by a Jury as aforesaid shall be paid by the parties jointly, if the Sum awarded be higher than that offered by the Trustees, and lower than that required by the Owner, but in any other Cafe the Party appearing to the Jury to be moll in Fault, shall, by the fame Verdict, be subjected to the Expences; and where any Damage shall be done by taking and leading Materials for making and repairing the said Roads or Bridges, the Proprietor or Occupier of the Ground shall be paid such Damage as shall, on his Application to a General Meeting of the Trustees, be ascertained by them, or a Committee appointed by them, after Inspection and due Consideration, but such Application and Examination shall not prevent the taking the Materials in the mean Time.

Application of

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or wherl^exceed- awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur-ingaoaA chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Liferents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby

directed

1*79

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were

made.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and held under Entail, or subject to Liferents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or belonging to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or-more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Patties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, as far as the Case be applicable.

X LVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so Agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That all Sums paid as Satisfaction or Damages for Buildings or Fences taken down or injured, or Ground taken for the Use of the Roads, and the Expence of new Fences, where necessary, and all Damages for taking or leading Materials as aforesaid, (excepting such of the said Particulars as respect or are for the Use of the Roads on which Tolls are levied under the Authority of the First Part of this Act), shall be paid by an Assessment on the Heritofs^r^the County, in Proportion to their respective Valuations, as ascertained by the County Cess Books, or to be valued and ascertained in Manner aforesaid.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That no Person shall drive a Carriage, or ride upon any of the Foot Paths along the Side of any of the said Roads, or shall plough any uninclosed Field contiguous to any of the said Roads, wijfiout making Head Ridges along the Side of such Road Twenty-four Feet at least in Breadth, or shall turn a Plough on any of the said Roads, or shall hang or place a Gate across any of them, or along the Side of any of the said Roads, tin such a Manner as that, when open, it shall lie upon or

come

If under *oo /. and above so/.

Where under »0 /. Sterling.

Damages to

be paid by an Assessment on the Heritors of the County.

Penalty for injuring Roads, tie.

88o

42° GEORG It III. Cap. 55. -

come over any Part of the said Roads, or shall'lay or leave, orrause to be laid or left unnecessarily, any Cart, Chaise, or Carriage, loaded or unloaded, or any Implement of Husbandry, or any Timber, Lime, Mortar, Shells, Gravel, Stones, Carrion, Dung, Soil, or Com port, upon any of the said Roads, or within Five Yards thereof, if there be no Fence betwixt such Articles or Matter and fuel) Road, (except Materials for making or repairing Fences or Houses adjoining to such Road, which may remain for any-Space of Time not exceeding Six Months, provided" there be always left a fate and easy Railage along such Road for Two Carriages abreafft, and a free Course fur the Water to and along the Side Drains), nor shall lay or leave any Sand or Ashes on the said Roads, except in Time of Froft, nor shall llop or detain Cattle for the Purpose of milking or marking them on any of the said Roads, or fharTI graze, or leave upon any of the said Roads . any Animal whatsofever, or shall shoe Horses on the Hoads or Streets of the Royal Burghs and Towns of the said County, except in Cafes of Accidents happening, or shall carry along any of them, upon any Carriage, any Timber, Iron, or other Matter, projediing beyond the outer Part of such Carriage, and not placed as nearly as may be parallel with the Shafts of such Carriage, or shall draw or cause to be drawn on any of thte laid Roads, any Piece of Timber, Stone, or other Thing whatsoever, other wise than upon a Wheel Carriage, or suffer any such Thing, being upon a Wheel Carriage, to touch or drag on any of the said Roads, or shall drive along any of the said Roads any Carriage, of which the Nails on the Tier of the Wheels are not sunk so as to make the Sole that touches the Ground fiat, or shall make any Hole or Cut in any of the said Roads, or shall do any Thing whereby any of the said Roads, or the Streets of Burghs, Towns, or Villages, may be unnecel* farily injured or obstructed; and every Person offending, or counteracting in any of the said Particulars, shall be liable to pay the whole Damage thereby sustained, and repair the Injury done to the Road or Stieet, and remove the Nuisance and desist from the Encroachment, and shall also, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling.

Persons to co- L. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall make a Way or Paf-VerDrams,etc- j'age from any Land or Field to any of the said Roads shall be obliged to cover the Side Drain of such Road at such Part with an Arch or Pen of sufficient Stone Work, so as that the Couife of the Water in the Drain may not be impeded; and any Person who conducts Water across any of the said Roads shall carry the fame in a Drain, so deep and sufficiently covered with Stone Work, as that the Water or Drain may never prejudice the Road, and in making such Way or Drain shall leave a safe and easy P.iffage along such Road for Carriages, and shall do the Work as quickly, and with as little Inconvenience to the Passage of the Road as pollible j and no Person shall obstruct or fill up any Ditch or Drain made across any Road, or through any Fence or Land adjoining to the said Roads by Authority of the said Trustees, or along the Side of any of the said Roads, or shall let any Water flow into any Ditch along fide of any of the said Roads, where it did not flow before, of shall let any Yv'ater flow upon the said Ronds, and every Person being the Occupier of Land, in which such Ditch or Drain shall have been lo made, or in which such Water shall run, shall, when required by any *6 Person

8 81

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

Person authorized by any One of the said Trustees, clear the fame, and allow a free Passage to the Water, so that it may not injure the Road, or being the Occupier of any Land where any Fence incumbers any of the said Roads, shall, when so required, clear off the fame; and every such Person so offending, or failing or neglecting to do as aforesaid, shall pay to the said Trustees the whole Expence of having the fame done in the most sufficient Manner, and shall also pay any Damage that may have arisen thereby, and shall also forfeit and pay any Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling, for each Offence, and the Occupier of the Land through which such Road or Ditch, or Drain, lies, shall always be deemed the Trans-gressor, unless it shall be proved that some other Person was the Tranl-greflor.

Lt. And be it enacted, That no Person shall make any CutorExcava- Nuisanceson tion upon or along-fide, or within Five Yards of any of the said Roads, the Roads, ttc. (excepting ordinary Ditches for inclosing or draining Land, being at lead One Foot from the Side Drain of such Road), where there is not a substantial Fence betwixt such Places and the Road, or shall burn Kelp nearer to any Road than the High-water Mark will admit, or shall have and work any Lime Kiln, Brick Kiln, or Steam Engine, or shall other wile create any Nuisance by Fire or Smoke, or have and work any Saw Pit or Mill Wheel, or erect any new Windmill within Fifty Yards of any of the said Roads where there is not a Wall or other Thing to prevent such Fire, or Sawing, or Wheels, or Sails of Windmills being seen from such Road; or shall burn Heath or Whins within Fifteen Yards of any of the said Roads; or shall, by making any Hole or Trench, or otherwise, do any Injury to any of the said Roads or Footpaths along the Side thereof, or shall plough up any of the said Roads; and every Person offending in any of the said Particulars shall be liable to pay the whole Damages thereby sustained, besides removing or correcting the Thing offensive, and shall also for each Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor iefs than Twenty Shillings Sterling.

LII. And be it enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties by this Act Penalties to imposed, shall (unless otherwise spectally directed) be paid One Half to to be the Person giving Information, on Conviction of the Offender, and the other Half to the said Trustees, or any Person authorized by them to recover and receive Penalties, and the Parc so payable to the said Trustees shall be applied in making and repairing the Roads and Bridges in the said County, and it shall be competent to any Person to exhibit his Complaint to any One of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, upon any Cafe arising on this Act, and wherever sufficient Evidence is offered by any Person to the said Trustees, they are hereby required to order Prosecution: Provided always, thac the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions shall have Power to mitigate any Penalty or Forfeiture by this Act imposed, the Person incurring a Penalty or Forfeiture in every Cafe being liable to pay the Expence of suing for and recovering the same.

LIII. And be it enacted, That all Sums authorized to be levied by or due How to bt re-in pursuance of this Act, if not paid when due and demanded, shall, upon covered> [Loc, fs5 Per.] 10 0 Application

88z

Trustees may sue in Name of their Clerk, etc.

Persons aj-gt.rved may appeal.

Limitation of Actions.

Trustees not to a in Matters w *ere they are in-tcreftci

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

Application of the Collector, and Piodudlion of an Atreftation by him, that the same are due, and have been required, before One or more of the Justices of the Peace of the said County, be levied by virtue of a Warunt or Warrants of the said Justice or Justices, which they are hertby empowered and required to grant, by summary Distress, Poinding* or Sale of the Cattle, or Harnels or Accoutrements of the Carriages, chargeable for the lame, belonging to the Person or Persons liable for the fame, such Sale being always by putilick Auction at the Place where the said Eff’edU were found, or at any other Place directed by the Warrant, and not looner than Two Days nor longer than Eight Days after such Distress; and the Overplus, if any be, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner, deducting 'he full Costs of Suit and Execution, and where Money is due for any Forfeiture or Penalty, if the Officer reports that sufficirnt Effects for Distress cannot be found and the Money due shall not forthwith be paid, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace for the said County to commit the Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Months, unless such Money, with the reasonable Charges, bt sooner paid.

LIV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees may fuc and be sued for any Matter in pursuance of this Act, in the Name of their Cashier or principal Clerk; and no Action shall be discontinued or abated by the Death or Removal of these Officers, but that in every such Action the Cafhirr or principal Clerk for the Time being shall always be deemed the Pursuer or Defender.

LV. And be it enacted, That any Person considering him or herself aggrieved by any Order, Proceeding, Sentence, or Judgement, with re-spedi to any of the Matters of this Act, referred to the Determination of the said Trustees, or to One or more Justices of the Peace in the First In fiance, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person to appeal or apply for Redress to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, in their then next Quarter Sessions giving Fourteen Days previous Notice to the Parties interfiled or complained of; but in case there fit all not be Fourteen Days to elapse till the next Quarter Sessions, then such Person shall be at Liberty to appeal to the Justices at their next subsequent Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine the Matter inDilpute, and their Judgement therein shall be final and conclusive.

LVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That Action and Complaint for every or any of the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, or for any Wrong alledged to be done, or Injury fiiffered in any Matter relative thereto, or in consequence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred, or Wiong done or Injury suffered, and not afterwards.

LVII. And be it enacted, That no Trustee shall be entitled to vote or act in settling any Sitisf action to be paid to him for Damages under the Authority of this Act; and in case the County be divided into Dif. tricts for the Levying and Application of the Conversion Money for Statute Labour, every Trustee shall have Power to act in every District,

whether

42° GEORGII ill. Cap. 55. 883

whether the Lands qualifying him, or his Residence, be within the same District or not; and it shall afford no Objection to a Person acting as j udice of the Peace, or Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the County, that he is a Tiultee appointed by and acting as such under this Act, or that he is a Creditor for Money lent for the Uses of the Trust} and at all their Meetings the Trustees shall pay their own Charges.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That the Expence relative to the procuring and Eipence of passing this Act, shall be paid One Half by the Heritors of the County, Act-by an Assessment to be levied according to their Valuations as already ascertained by the County Cess Books, or to be valued and ascertained in Manner foresaid, along with the Land Tax, and the other Half out of the Money raised by the Toll Duties, or Money borrowed on the Credit thereof.

LIX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a publick Act, Publick Act-and mall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and others whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

it o -1: ij mi . i j 'i.v

' . ’ i . . i 1

:jctO i 1 "iu nirji.'i; . f '* 11 ' ‘ "

r‘ > *vrf-. ..at,

1 !. j \ >: v . .* v ,-' i. tw» 'to: - ->

: t 1 r)f. i t

- 1' :rKO'"‘ . M

sri} n<jf.

j :.ii Mi-li,: ?. >. f

1/1 TO , i i .'I = r

i . f!jo bos , uv "J t H' \y

t: ,\.r: - .-» ' ' '

.»*.[ H»- , «M.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 56.

An Act for enlarging the present or providing an additional Workhouse, for the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent; for railing Money for that Purpose; for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; and for the better Relief, Government, and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish.

[24th May 1802.]

WHEREAS the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, is large and very populous, and the Poor belonging thereto are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great and burthensome Expence: And whereas the Buildings and Premises now used as a Poor-house and Workhouse in and for the said Parish, are not sufficiently large for the proper Accommodation and Employment of such Poor: And whereas the Enlargement of such Buildings and Premises, or providing other proper Buildings and Premises, for the general Reception and Employment of the said Poor; and the granting proper Powers for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates, and for the better Government, Regulation, and Employment of such Poor, will tend to the Safe of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and to^ [Loc. £s* Per.'} 10 P the

I

886

Guirdhns of the four,

anil Trustees.

Manner of appointing Guardians in future.

41° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

the more effectual Relief, Assistance, and Accommodation of such of the said Poor as by Age or Infirmities are rendered incapable of supporting themselves by their Labour, to the better Employment of the industrious and those who are able to work, to the proper Correction and Punishment of the idle, refractory, and profligate, and to the Education of the Infant Poor In Habits of Industry and Religion: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the perpetual Curate of the said Parish of Chatham, such of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent as shall be resident in the said Parish, the Lord or Lady of the Manor and Hundred of Chatham, the resident Commissioner of His Majesty's Dock Yard fa the said Parish, the resident Storekeeper of His Majesty's Ordnance, the High Constable of and for the Manor and Hundred of Chatham, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, and every and each of them respectively for the Time being, and 'Thomas Af:eiukn, Jacob Ashley, John Burton, John Boddingtbn, Thomas Colehester, Thomas Creed the elder, George Cre/y, Samuel Henry Dickerson, William Dadd of the Fountaine, John Eggier, Ambrose Etherington, John Gurr, William Goddard, William Jefferys, Edward Prentis Henjlow, Samuel Hemmans, John Irons, Thomas Lomas, Joseph Matthews, David Polhill, William Poole the elder, William Twopeny, Thomas Turner, and William Whitehead, and their Successors (to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned), are hereby nominated and appointed Guardians of the Poor of the said Parish of Chatham, and Trustees for putting this Act in Execution.

II. And, that there may be an impartial Succession of Guardians chosen out of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and in order to keep up the Number of Twenty-four Guardians (exclusive of the Persons who are to be Guardians in Right of their Office or Station), be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the Time being, and such of the Parishioners of the said Parish who shall be rated to and pay any Rate for the Relief of the Poof of the said Parish, are hereby authorized and required to meet at the Vestry Room of the said Parish upon Easter Monday which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, and so on Easter Monday in every Year afterwards successively, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon; and at the said Meeting in One thousand eight hundred and three, the Clerk to the said Trustees, or some Person to be by them appointed for that Purpose, shall write the Names of such of the said Guardians who shall be then living, and shall then reside in the said Parish of Chatham, and shall not have refused to act as a Guardian (except the Names of the Persons who are to be Guardians in Right of the Tr respective Office or Station), on distinct Pieces of Paper, and shall roll up the fame separately and as near as can be in the fame Shape or Manner, and shall then put them into a Box or Glass, from whence some indifferent Person shall draw out Eight of the said Papers, or such Number as shall reduce the whole Number of Rolls contained in the said Box or Glass to Sixteen, and the Names of the Guardians so drawn shall be read aloud, and such Guardians whose Names shall be so drawn shall then go out of Office, and the Parishioners then present shall immediately proceed to cleft a like Number of other

Persons,

387

42° GEORGII III. Cap. $6.

Persons, Inhabitants of the said Parish, to be Guardians in the Room of those who shall then go out of Office, or to re-elect the fame Guardians continuing Inhabitants thereof, any or either of them, into the said Office of Guardians; and the Guardians who shall be then elected or re-elected by the major Part of the Parishioners present, shall be joined with the remaining Guardians, and shall have the fame Power and Authority with them to ad in the Execution of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That on Easter Monday in the Year Further J?r* One thousand eight hundred and four, the Clerk to the said Guardians, guutiuns for or some Person to be by them appointed for that Purpose, shall write Guardfans. the Names of such of the remaining Sixteen Guardians who shall be then

living and shall then reside in the said Parish of Chatham, and shall not have refused to act as Guardians, on distinct Pieces of Paper, and shall roil up the fame separately and as near as can be in the fame Shape and Manner, and shall then put them into a Box or Glass, from whence some indifferent Person shall draw out Eight of the said Papers, or such Number as shall reduce the whole Number of Rolls contained in the said Box or Glass to Eight, and the Names of the Guardians so drawn shall then be read aloud; and such Guardians whose Names shall be so drawn shall then go out of Office, and the Parishioners then present shall immediately proceed to elect a like Number of other Persons, Inhabitants of the said Parish, to be Guardians in the Room of those who shall then go out of Office, or to re-elect the fame Guardians continuing Inhabitants thereof, any or either of them, into the said Office of Guardians; and the Guardians who shall be then elected or re-elected by the major Part of the Parishioners present, shall be joined with the remaining Guardians, and shall have the fame Power and Authority with them to act in the Execution of this Act; and from thenceforth, on Easter Monday in every Year successively, the senior Eight of the then acting Guardians (except the Persons who are to be Guardians in Right of their respective Office or Station), or so many as shall reduce the whole Number to Sixteen, shall go out of Office, the Guardians of the fame Election taking Place and to be reputed senior Guardians with respect to each other, according to their Seniority of Age and Priority of pirth, and their Places shall then be supplied by the major Part of the Parishioners then present, in Manner aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon any Vacancy happening of For Applying the Office of any Guardian for carrying this Act into Execution, either

by the Death of such Guardian, or his ceasing to be an Inhabitant of the ' ’ said Parish, or his Refusal to act in the Execution of this Act, the surviving or other Guardians for the Time being shall or may thereupon at any Meeting of Guardians to be held pursuant to this Act, order such Vacancy to be filled up befor^the Day dated by the former Clause of this Act for the Election of Guardians in the Room of those who shall be displaced as aforesaid, causing Ten Days Notice at lead to be given, in Writing, of the Day and Hour of the Election of a new Guardian for filling up such Vacancy, to be had in the Vestry Room of the said Parish, or such other Place as they shall appoint, by affixing such Notice at or upon the Church Door of the said Parish; and that thereupon the said Churchwardens and Overseers, and such of the said Parishioners, so qualified to vote for Guardians as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and required,

$88

For rfgu'at'na the Manner oh

Guardian*, to accept their Trait in a limited i iioc.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

quired, pursuant to such Notice in like Manner as by the said former Clause of this Act is directed, to proceed to elect a new Guardian in the Room or Stead of the Guardian whose Office is so become vacant as aforesaid; and in case upon any such Vacancy happening of the Office of any such Guardian as aforesaid, such Vacancy shall not be filled up, nor any Election had of any new Guardian previous to any stated Day by the former Clause of this Act, for the Election of Guardians in the Room of those displaced as aforesaid, then the said Churchwardens and Overseers, and such of the said Parishioners so qualified as aforesaid, shall and may, and are hereby authorized and required, on any such stated Day, and at the Time and Place when and where they shall be so assembled, for the Purpose of electing Guardians in the Room of those displaced or vacated as aforesaid, to proceed also to elect and choose One or more new Guardian or Guardians, in the Room or Stead of such Guardian or Guardians, of whose Office or Offices any Vacancy shall then have previously happened, and shall not have been filled up pursuant to the Directions of this Act; and all and every the Guardians so elected and chosen in the Room of such Guardians, of whose Office or Offices any Vacancy shall have happened as aforesaid, shall be a Guardian or Guardians upon the like Terms and Conditions as the Guardian or Guardians in whose Room or Stead he or they shall be chosen, was or were subject and liable unto with respect to their being displaced or otherwise.

V. And be it further enacted, That for the Preservation of Order in, and the better Regulation of, all Elections of new Guardians by virtue of this Act, the Chairman of such Meeting, elected as herein-after mentioned (being such immediately previous to such Election, notwithstanding he may be disqualified thereby to continue a Guardian in future), shall pre-fide thereat and take the Poll of the Electors (if any shall be required); and that such Guardian so preficfing the reat, shall, in case of an Equality of Voices or Votes in such Election, or concerning any Adjournment thereof, have acafting Voice or Vote (although he may have voted before at such Meeting), and shall thenand there publicklydeclarewhat Persons are duly elected new Guardians under this Act, and certify the Names of such new Guardians so elected, unto the old Guardians, at their next Meeting to be held immediately after such Election; and such Certificate of the Persons so elected Guardians, shall be final as to the Faft of the due Notice of such Election, and of their being duly elected, and not liable to be controverted before any Magistrate or Magistrates, or in any Court of Law or Equity, or otherwise howsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Guardians nominated by this Act (except the Persons who are to be Guardians in Right of their respective Office or Station), who shall not aft in the Execution thereof at the First or Second Meeting of the Guardians to be held immediately after the passing thereof, and shall not subscribe a Declaration in Writing to be entered among the Proceedings under this Act, declaring their Acceptance of the Trust or Office of a Guardian under it; and such new Guardians to be elected under this Act in Manner aforesaid, who shall not, within Ten Days after Notice in Writing given to or left for them at his or their usual Place of Abode, from the acting Guardians of any Meeting of Guardians under this Act (whose Duty it is hereby declared to be to cause such Notice to be given to or so left for all Persons

so

889

42° GEORGII III. Cap. s6.

so to be elected Guardians, as soon as conveniently may be after their Election), voluntarily subscribe a Declaration in Writing to the like Purport or Effect, shall be ipso facto held, adjudged, deemed, and taken to have declined and refused to accept such Trull or Office of a Guardian under this Act, and the Office of such Guardian is in that Cafe hereby declared to be ipso facto vacant; and that thereupon the acting Guardians under this Act shall and may, and they are hereupon authorized and required, at some subsequent Meeting, as soon as conveniently may be, to order the Office of such Guardian or Guardians respectively to be filled up as herein-before is directed, as, if such Guardian or Guardians bad been actually dead; and such Person so elected into the Office of Guardian shall not be admitted or reinllated therein without a fresh Election, unless he shall voluntarily afterwards, and before the Expiration of Six Days next after any Notice shall be affixed on the Church Door of the said Parish, pursuant to this Act for electing a new Guardian in his Room, subscribe such Declaration, declaring his Acceptance of the said Office of Guardian as aforesaid.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority afore- Qualification, laid. That no Person (except the several Persons nominated and appointed in and by this Act, and also the Persons who are to be Guardians in Right of their respective Office or Station), shall be capable of acting as a Guardian in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall at the Time of acting be seised or posselfed, in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, or be in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, Freehold or Leasehold, within the said Parish of Chatham, of the clear yearly Value, and assessed to the Parish Rates thereof at the Rate of Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards; or unless he shall be a Tenant or Occupier of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Parish assessed to the Parish Rates at the Rent of Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and also be possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount or Value of Five hundred Pounds; and if any Person (except as aforesaid) not being qualified as aforesaid, shall presume to act in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted upon the Trial thereof shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty upon Proof being given of his having acted as a Guardian in the Execution of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Messuages or F.lhtes an<l Tenements, Poorhouses, Workhouses, Edifices, Buildings, Lands, Here- ufe"'

ditaments, Monies, Rates, Assessments, and Arrears of Rates and Assess- Churchwar-ments. Goods, Chattels, and Effects, which from and immediately before the passing of this Act, the Miniller, Churchwardens, and Overseers of for the use of the said Parish, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, were entitled unto or posselfed of in Trull for the Parishioners thereof, for and towards <3.,ardiant. the Relief, Maintenance, Use, and Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, shall, from and immediately after the passing hereof, be posselfed by, paid, delivered, and belonging unto the said Guardians by virtue of this Act, as [Lee. Isf Per.] 10 Q fully,

8go

Money, &V. left to charitable Use*, to be applied l>y Guardians according to the Will of the Donor.

Quorum of the Guardians.

Notice of every Meeting requiting a bo re Five Guardians.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

fully, effectually, and beneficially, and in as large and ample Manner and Form, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as they the said Ministers, Churchwardens, and Overseers, or other Person or Persons, at or immediately before the passing hereof, were entitled thereto, or were in Possession thereof as aforesaid, subject nevertheless to be used, possessed, applied, and disposed of, upon the Trulls in this Act contained, and not otherwise; and also that the said Guardians under this Act shall be thereupon inverted with all and every the Powers and Authorities for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, which Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor by the Laws made or to be made for the Relief of the Poor, are or shall be inverted with; (except only in such Cases wherein the same are expressly altered or varied by this Act, and wholly repugnant thereto).

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all or any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Sum and Sums of Money or other Effects, that shall come to the Planets of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, or any other Person or Persons in Trurt for the said Parish, to be applied in any particular Manner for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, by virtue of any Will or Deed, or by any other Means whatever, shall be by them conveyed, assigned, and paid to the said Guardians or their said Treasurer, and shall be applied and disposed of by the said Guardians in the Manner and for the Uses and Purposes appointed and directed for the Application thereof, be the fame by Deed, Will, Donation, Gift, Agreement, or otherwise, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and the said Guardians are hereby authorized and required to inspect into and examine how such Trurt Estates and Funds have been managed by those who have the Management thereof, and to remedy and correct all improper Management and Conduct therein as to the said Guardians shall seem expedient and necessary: Provided also, that the said Guardians and their Successors may and are hereby empowered to permit and suffer the Trustees, Treasurers, or others, who now are or hereafter may be chosen to conduct the Management, Direction, and Distribution of any Trurt Estate or Fund devised, granted, or given to or for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, to continue in the Management, Direction, and Distribution of such Trurt Estate or Fund for the Benefit of the said Poor, for so long and for such Time as they the said Guardians and their Successors, or the Majority of them, shall think proper and expedient.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to and verted in the said Guardians, shall and may be executed and exercised by the major Part of them present at any Meeting held pursuant to this Act (the Number of Guardians present at such Meeting not being less than Five, except in Cafes where any Number is herein particularly mentioned and directed to be present at any Meeting, and in such Cases by the major Part of such Meeting); and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of such respective major Part so present, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if done or made by all the Guardians.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, previous to every Meeting of the said Guardians for the transacting of any Business, at which a greater Number than Five Guardians shall be requisite to be present, Ten Days Notice at least, in Writing, shall be given of the Hour and Place of such Meeting, and of the special Bufinefe intended to be there transacted.

891

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

by affixing such Notice at or upon the Door of the Church of the said Parish.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians shall meet in the Vestry Room of the said Parish, or in the Committee Room at the Poorhouse of the said Parish, on the Second Monday next after the Day on which this Act shall have received the Royal AlTent, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, and shall then and there proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall and may after that Time meet by Adjournment at the fame or any other Place within the said Parish, as shall be agreed on by the Guardians present at any Meeting; and if there shall not attend at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Guardians to act and to adjourn to another Day, or the Guardians present shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, then the Clerk to the Guardians for the Time being shall adjourn the Meeting to that Day Sevennight, and to the same Place at which such ltd! Meeting was held or appointed to have been held, causing Notice of such Adjournment to be given in Manner herein-before appointed for Notice of Meetings for the Elections of new Guardians; and the Guardians present at all Meetings shall defray their own Expences; and all such Guardians as are or shall be Justices of the Peace, may act as Justices in the Execution of this Act (except in Cafes where they shall be personally intereded), notwithstanding their being Guardians.

Meeting* of Guardian*.

Guardians to defray rheir own Expences and imy nt\ as Justices.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall at occasional any Time appear to the said Guardians, or any Five or more of them. Meeting proper and expedient that a Meeting of the Guardians should be held

at an earlier Time than the respective Meeting shall then Hand adjourned to, it shall be lawful for the said Guardians, or any Five or more of them, to summon a Meeting of the Guardians to be held at some convenient Time and Place within the said Parish, by giving Seven Days Notice thereof, in Manner herein-before directed for Notices of the other Meetings; and all such Meetings shall be deemed good and valid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Guardians present at every a chairman Meeting shall, before they proceed to any other Business, elect One of the to bechofen. Guardians then present to be Chairman of such Meeting; and if at any Meeting any Question shall be put to the Vote, and there shall be an Equality of Votes for and again!! the Question; then and in every such

Cafe the Chairman present shall have the calling and decisive Vote, although he may have voted before at such Meeting.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall For appoint-be lawful for the said Guardians, or any Nine or more of them, by Writing mgCleik,/,-. under their Hands, from Time to Time to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think proper to be their Treasurer or Treasurers,

Collector or Collectors of the Rates authorized by this Act to be raised (such Treasurer or T'reasurers, Collector or Collectors, to be resident in and rated to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish), Clerk or Clerks,

Surveyor or Surveyors of the Works, Mailer or Mailers, Millrefs or Mif-tresses of the Poorhouse or Workhouse, or other Officers, to transact ar.v of the Business, Matters, or Things, in or about the putting this Act into Execution, taking such Security for the faithful Execution of tteir

respective

892 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Taking Se- respective Offices, as the said Guardians, or any Nine or more of them, shall think fit; and out of the Money raised by virtue of this ihcm Salaries Act, to Pay or allow unto such Person or Persons such Salaries or Recompence, yearly or otherwise, for his or their Trouble, as to them the said Guardians, or any Nine or more of them, shall seem meet and reasonable, and to revoke and countermand, alter and vary such Nominations and Appointments, Salaries or Recompence, and make others in their Head, or not, as to them shall seem meet and proper.

fcye Laws

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said may be made. Guardians, or any Nine or more of them, and they have hereby full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to make such Bye Law, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as well for the better regulating their own Proceedings at any publick Meetings of the said Guardians, and the Manner of convening and holding such Meetings, wherein the fame respectively are not controlled by this Act, as for the better maintaining, governing, employing, managing, and regulating the Poor of the said Parish, and also for applying the Monies that shall from Time to Time arise by virtue of this Act, as to them shall seem proper and expedient; so that no such Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation be repugnant to the Laws of this To be entered Realm; and all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and all otherp’iV*"'11 ot^er Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Guardians, shall be endings. tered by their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Chairman of the Meeting at which the same shall be made, or by the said Clerk by his Order; and which Book or Books may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts and Places whatsoever; and to all which Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and all other Person or Persons whomsoever, to whom the said Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall or may relate, is and are hereby required from Time to Time to conform themselves, at and under such reasonable Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to be inserted in such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations respectively, not exceeding Five Pounds, for Non-conformity thereto, as shall be agreed upon at the Time of making the same, and to be recovered in like Manner as other Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures are herein directed to be recovered, and to be paid unto the Order of the said Guardians under this Act, or any Five or more of them, and to be applied to the Purposes thereof; Provided always, that such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations respectively be published, by affixing a Copy thereof on the Door of the Church of the said Parish; and that the same shall be subject to Appeal as herein-after is mentioned.

NoByeLtw,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no such Bye Law, Rule, Or-*»aicd b,/fre* ^er> Regulation, Act, or Proceeding shall be repealed or revoked, unless P«a , " by a Majority of a greater Number of the Guardians present at forfte fub* sequent Meeting than were present at the doing or making thereof.

The Treasur-

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians shall Money Ys'the an<^ they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to Guardians order and direct the said Treasurer and Treasurers from Time to Time lhaiJ aPP0,nt- to pay all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be by him or them received for or on Account of the Poors Rate, or on Account of the Poor

of

893

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

of the said Parish, and applicable to the Relief thereof, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as they shall think necessary and expedient for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Treasurer and Treasurers is and are hereby authorized and required to pay the fame from Time to Time accordingly; which Sum or Sums so paid shall be allowed him or them in his or their Accounts respectively.

XIX. Provided always, That the Rates or Assessments directed to be made by this Act, shall be collected, levied, and recovered by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being, in Manner as heretofore, until such Time as a Collector or Collectors shall be chosen in Manner aforesaid, or during such Time as there shall happen to be no Collector or Collectors of the said Parish, on the Person or Persons hereby directed to pay the fame, in such Manner as the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor are directed to be levied and recovered by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, or by any fubl'equent Act or Acts relating to the Relief of the Poor.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to be collected by virtue of the Rates or Assessments hereby directed to be made, and all other Monies whatsoever, which shall come to the Hands of the said Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor applicable to the Relief of the Poor within the said Parish (such Monies as shall or may hereafter be given to the said Parish, and applicable to the Use of the Poor thereof, the Management and Distribution of which shall or may be otherwise directed by the Donor or Donors thereof respectively only excepted), shall be by them from Time to Time paid unto the Treasurer or Treasurers to be appointed as aforesaid, within the said Parish, so soon as such Monies shall be received by the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, as they shall be received by the Treasurer or Treasurers to make Payment thereof.

XXI. And belt further enacted, That the said Guardians, or any Nine or more of them, shall and they are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time and at all Times from and after the passing of this Act, as often as Occasion shall require, to make such Rates or Assessments as by the Laws now in being or hereafter to be made, Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor now are or otherwise shall or may or could or might be enabled or empowered to make for and towards the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, for raising such Sum and Sums of Money as they the said Guardians, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall judge or determine"to be necessary for and towards the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, and other the several Purposes that is and are as well in this Act as also in the several Laws now in being or hereafter to be made, touching and concerning the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, or in anywise relating thereto, particularly mentioned, that such Ra'e or Assessment so to be made by the said Guardians, or any Nine or more of them, shall be allowed by Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Kent, and on the Sunday next after such Allowance shall be published in the Church of the said Parish, as the Law in such Cases directs; and that all the Monies arising

[Lee. & Per."} 10 R from

In case no Collector appointed, the Rates to be collected by the Churchwardens,

Monies coming to the Churchwardens, etc. to be paid to the Treasurer.

R tea.

s94

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

from such Rates or A(Te(Tments shall from Time to Time be collected or gathered by the Collectors or other Officers appointed for that Purpose, and shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and that no Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be made for the Relief of the Poor in the said Parish, other than is and are by this Act directed.

Collector* ein-l>ower>d to levy Rates.

Collectors to account to the Guai dian*»

Penalty on Ketulal or N eg left thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person and Persons to be appointed in Manner aforesaid, Collector or Collectors of the said Rate or Assessment, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to collect and levy the same accordingly; and for the better enabling him or them so to do, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors to execute all such Warrants of Distress as shall be granted from 7'ime to Time by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, again!! any Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the said Rate or Assessment, in the same Manner, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, asOverfeers of the Poor, by any Law or Laws now in being, can or may execute the fame; and the said Collector or Collectors shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to make up and render to the said Guardians, at some publick Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, as often as thereunto required by the said Guardians, a full, true, and perfect Account, in Writing, of all Monies collected or received by him or them by virtue of this Act, and of all Monies rated or alfefTed and not received, and to verify the fame on Oath, which Oath the said Guardians, or any Two of them, are hereby authorized to administer, and to pay over the Money so by him or them collected and received and remaining in his or their Hand or Hands, to the said Treasurer or Treasurers, or such Person or Persons as the said Guardians, or any Five e more of them, shall by Writing under their Hands appoint to receive the same, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and if the said Collector or Collectors, or any or either of them, shall refuse or neglect to give in a just Account as aforesaid, or to pay the Monies remaining in his or their Hands in Manner aforesaid, they shall be liable to such Penalties as Overseers of the Poor in like Cafes are subject and liable to.

For levying

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies to become due Rates,nc, and payable by virtue of this Act, or any Rate or Rates made^for the Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish and for the Purposes of this Act, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offenders or Defaulters, by Warrant, according to the Form or Effect in the Schedule hereunto annexed, under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Hereditaments and Premises in respect of and for which such Rate is charged shall be situate, which Warrant such Justices are hereby empowered and required to grant; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, according to the Form or Eft’eft in the Schedule hereunto annexed, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common or other Gaol or House of Correction of the said County, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless such Monies and all reasonable Charges (halt be sooner fully paid and satisfited; and that when and as often as any Dif-

895

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

tress shall by the Authority of this Act be made for Non-payment of any of the said Rates or Monies hereby directed to be made, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons making such Diitrefs, to rail'e and levy the reasonable Charges of making and keeping such Distress.

XXIV. And whereas it may happen that many Persons liable to and who For levying may be rated and assessed for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, may Jvo,n Pert/ni before the Payment of the Sum which may be rated on them respectively, quitting quit and leave their Grounds, Dwelling Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Houf"*e,c' Coachhouses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hers-ditaments, and remove out of the Limits aforesaid, and thereby endeavour

to avoid the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments , be it therefore enacted, That when any Person or Persons who hath or have been so rated and assessed, shall quit his, her, or their Land, Ground, House, Shop, Ware-house, Coachhouse, Stabe, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditaments, before he, she, or they shall have paid the said Rate or Assessment, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the fame when due and demanded by the Collector or Collectors authorized and appointed to receive the same, that then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, or One of them, by Warrant according to the Form or Effect in the Schedule hereunto annexed, under the Hands and Seals of Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Hereditaments and Premises in respect of and for which such Rate is charged, shall be situate (which Warrant the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to grant, and such Warrant being first backed or countersigned by Tome Magistrate of the County, City, or Liberty, where the Distress is to be made, which Warrant such Magistrate is hereby required to back or countersign), to bif-train the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, and to sell the same, rendering the Overplus (if any be) after having deducted the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon Demand thereof made.

XXV. And whereas there are divers Houses, Tenements, and Here- Ratesof ditaments within the said Parish which are let at small Rents, or are let £t°"r"\VC% out in Lodgings or separate Apartments, or ready furnished, by which t?> b° pitdb"'’ Means the Payment of the parochial Taxes for such Houses, Tenements, the Landlord* and Hereditaments may be evaded j for Remedy whereof, be it enacted, or °whers‘ That where any House, Tenement, or Hereditament, or any Part thereof,

shall be let out in Lodgings or separate Apartments, or ready furnished, the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of, and shall be rated to and pay the Rates or Assessments in respect of such Tenements and Hereditaments, for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish.

XXVI. Provided always, That the Goods and Chattels of any Person Tenants i;a. or Persons renting or occupying any such last mentioned House, Tene- bit to payment, or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be liable at HeduaVhe all Times to be distrained and fold for Payment of so much of the said frme out of

Rates K'nt‘-

896 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Rates or Assessments, and of all Arrears thereof which accrued and become due from each of them respectively, during the Time of their (Occupancy only: Provided also, that each and every such Occupier or Occupiers who shall pay such Rates or Assessments, or upon whom the same shall be levied, shall and may from Time to Time deduct the fame from the Rent due and payable from him, her, or them, to the respective Landlord or Owner (unless there shall be some Agreement to the contrary between the Landlord and Tenant), and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a (efficient Discharge to such Tenant or Occupier, and ti> his, her, or their Landlord, for lo much Money as he, she, or they shall pay in the Manner directed by this Act; but that no such Tenant or Occupier of any separate Apartment of any House or Houses, or ready furnished House, shall, by the Payment of such Rate or Assessment in Manner aforesaid, be deemed to acquire any Settlement in the said Parish by such Payment, but that the Landlord or Owner shall be deemed and con-(trued, to all Intents and Purposes, to have paid the fame j any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

empowered to

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians, or any purchast Eleven or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, and they and to enlarpe are llereby authorized and required with all convenient Speed, after the the prerent or passing of this Act, to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners, Providean ad- Occupier or Occupiers, and all other Persons interested in any Lands, Workhouse Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Parish, for the and Fumi- purchasing such Lands, Grounds (not exceeding Two Acres), Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any or either of them, or so much thereot as the said Guardians, or any Eleven or more of them, shall think necessary, and to purchase the fame and all Buildings thereon, in the Name of the then Guardians of the Poor of the said Parish (who are hereby enabled to accept and take a Conveyance thereof to them and their Successors for ever), and upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed on for such Purchase or Purchases, to take PoflelTion thereof, and to cause all Buildings thereon, or so much thereof as they shall think proper, to be pulled down and disposed of, and by new Erections, additional Buildings, and Alterations therein, as the said Guardians, or any Eleven or more of them, shall think necessary, convert the fame into One or moreHouse of Houses, with suitable and requisite Offices, Outbuildings, Gardens, and Fences, for the better receiving, employing, and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and from Time to Time, as Occasion shall be and require, to alter, enlarge, and repair the present Poorhouse or Workhouse of the said Parish, or any other House or Houses, Offices, Outbuildings, Gardens, and Fences, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and also from Time to Time to purchase and provide suitable and necessary Furniture for the fame, and the Consideration Money for the Purchase of such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and the Expences of erecting, building, or converting any Buildings, in Addition to or for the Purpose of a Poorhouse or Workhouse as aforesaid, and furnishing the fame, and all other Expences to be incurred by the said Guardians for the Time being, or by their Order or Direction, in or about the Execution of this Act, shall from Time to Time be paid and defrayed by the said Guardians out of the Monies to be raised, levied, and received by them from Time to Time, in the Manner herein directed.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. s6*

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Guardians, or any Eleven or more of them (if neceflkry), with the Consent of the Lord or Lady of the Manor of Chatham for the Time being, to take by Grant any Part or Allotment of the Waite or Common of the said Manor, for the Purpose of erefling and making such House or Houses, Offices, Outbuildings, and Gardens, for the Benefit of such Poor, or for the Purpose ot making any Addition to any House or Houses, Offices, or Outbuildings, and for the Garden thereto, to be approved of by such Lord or Lady, which said Grant shall be taken in the Name of the then Guardians of the Poor of the said Parish, who are hereby enabled to accept and take the same to them and their Successors for ever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Guardians for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the jMefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid. Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

\_Loc. 1st Per.] toS

897

Waft? Lands may betaken fora Work-houfr, etc. with Consent of the Lord of the Minor.

Application of Compensation where amounting to a 00 L

898

Application here the Compilation is lei* than a 00l. and more than »of

Application where the Mo ney is leli that 20 i.

Guardians may make Contracts.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Pc rfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signlfied by Writing under their respective Hands, to be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by hive or more of the said Guardians (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Planets of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians, or any Eleven or more of them, may contract or agree with any Person or Persons for the adding to, altering, repairing, or furnishing, the prefenc Poorhouse or Workhouse, and any other Poorhouse or Workhouse for the said Parish, and the Offices, Outbuildings, Gardens, and Fences requisite or belonging thereto, or for providing Materials and Furniture for the Purposes aforesaid, and that the said Guardians, or any Eleven or more of them, may contract and agree with any Person or Persons for *11 or any of the Articles, Materials, or Utensils necessary or Tequi-site for the maintaining, cloathing, and employing the Poor to be received into the said House, and also, it they shall think fit, to contrail with any Person or Persons for the lodging, keeping, maintaining, and employing all or any of the Poor of the said Parish; and all Contrails and Agreements made cr entered into by or between the said Guardians, and any other Person or Persons whomsoever, relating to any Act, Matter, or Thing, to be done or performed in Execution of this Act, shall be reduced into Writing, and signed by the Parties thereto, and shall be good, valid, and binding, as well upon the said Guardians as upon all other Parties

thereto.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56. 899

thereto, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and in cal'e of Breach thereof,' Actions and Suits may be brought, maintained, and defended, and Damages and Costs recovered thereon against the Party or Parties refusing or neglecting to perform the same.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians shall Contrasts, etc. cause all Contracts made in pursuance of this Act, and all Receipts, Pay- j" j'gj'j£rcd ments, Debts, and Credits, and every Matter or Thing relating thereto,

to be fairly written and entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and all and every such Book and Books, and also the Book and Books herein-before directed to be kept for entering the other Acts and Proceedings of the said Guardians, shall from Time to Time and at all convenient Times be open to the inspection and Perusal of all and every Person or Persons who shall pay to the Poors Rates in the said Parish.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Guardian, Treasurer, No Guardian Churchwarden, or Overseer of the said Parish, shall hold or enjoy any Place of Profit or Advantage created by this Act, or under the Powers or be con-" ’ hereby given or entered into, or be in any Manner beneficially interested ",nfd j" any or concerned in any such Contract or Agreement as aforesaid; and in case any Guardian, Treasurer, Churchwarden, or Overseer, shall hold or enjoy any such Place of Profit or Advantage, or enter into or be in any Manner directly or indirectly beneficially interested in, or concerned in any such Contract or Agreement as aforesaid, he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is mentioned.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise between the said Guardians at any of their Meetings, in respect of any Matter or Thing respecting the Execution of this Act, wherein any of them shall or may be concerned or interested, the Guardian or Guardians so concerned shall have no Voice, but shall, after he or they shall have been adjudged by the Rest of the Guardians to be concerned or interested in any such Difference or Dispute, withdraw during the Debate of such Difference or Dispute; and in case he shall refuseor neglect so to do, he shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is mentioned.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Guardians, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Poors Hates and Assessments to be collected within the said Parish, and by Writing, signed under the Hands and Seals of any Nine or more of the said Guardians, to mortgage and assign the said Estates, Poors Rates, and Assessments, to the Person or Persons advancing or lending the fame, or his or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security rot the Repayment of the Principal Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with Interest for the fame, and every such Assignment may be in the Form mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or in any other Words to the fame Effect; and every such Assignment shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law.

Guardian* not to have a Voice in any Matter before the Board wherein any of them shall be interested.

Power to borrow Money.

900

;Power to grant Annuities*

Fixing Agei of Annuitant anti Rates cf Annuities.

Annuities to he paid out of Hates.

Securities tiansfei rab!e.

Securities to hr entered in a Book.

42° GEORGII 111. Cap. 56.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Guardians, or any Nine or more of them, think it adviseable to raise all or any Part of the Monies necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, by the granting of Annuities for the Life or Lives or any Person or Persons, then it shall be lawful for them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of any Nine or more of them, to grant any Annuity or Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said GuarJians, any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolure Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities to be payable and paid during the natural Life of any Person so contributing, advancing, and paying as aforesaid, or the natural Life of any such Person as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of such Contributor, at the Time of Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money; so as no such Annuity be granted for the Life of any Person under the Age of Twenty Years; and so as no such Annuity exceed the Rate of Seven Pounds Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds advanced on the Life of any Person under the Age of Thirty Years, or the Rate of Eight Pounds for every One hundred Pounds advanced on the Life of any Person of the Age of Thirty Years and under the Age of Forty Years, or the Rate of Nine Pounds for every One hundred Pounds advanced on the Life of any Person of the Age of Forty Years and under the Age of Fifty Years, or the Rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds advanced on the Life of any Person of the Age of" Fifty Years and under thp Age of Sixty, or the Rate of Eleven Pounds for every One hundred Pounds advanced on the Life of any Person of the Age of Sixty Years and under the Age of Seventy Years, or the Rate of Twelve Pounds for every One hundred Pounds advanced on the Life of any Person of the Age of Seventy Years or upwards; and the Grant of such Annuity may be in the Form mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or in any other Words to the fame Effect; and every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law; and every Annuity so to be granted as aforesaid, shall and is hereby charged upon and shall be payable out of the Rates and Assessments herein-before mentioned, and shall be made payable and be paid Quarterly during the natural Lives of such Contributors respectively, or the natural Life or Lives of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by such respective Contri butors, and a proportionable Part of such Annuity shall be paid from the lad Quarter Day of Payment, to the Day of the Death of the Annuitant or- his cejlui que vie.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money borrowed or raised by Mortgage and Annuities granted as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Administratops, or Alligns, at any Time, by Writing under their Hands, to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons w homsoever; which Transfer may be made by Indorsement on such Securities, in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or in any other Words to the fame Effect; and Copies of all Assignments or Mortgages, and Grants of Annuities which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and of all Transfers thereof, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Guardians, to which Book or Books

any

got

42° CrEORGlI III. Cap. 56.

any Person interred shall at all seasonable Times haveAccefs, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward, and for the Entry of every such Alignment, Mortgage, Grant, and Transfer, the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more, and after such Entry made of any such Alignment, Mortgage, Grant, and Transfer, every such Assignment, Mortgage, Grant, and Transfer, shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, and his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security hereby transferred; and all and every Person and Persons to whom such Alignments, Mortgages, Grants, and Transfers shall be made, shall be, in the Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned. Creditors on the said Buildings, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, and upon the said Rates, equally One with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing such Money.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians shall and Guardians to may sue and be sued in the Name of their Treasurer for the Time being, 1"^ j*n th-and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by or against the Name of their said Guardians by virtue or on Account of this Act, in the Name of such Tre*f*r* Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal, or by the Act of such Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Guardians, but the Treasurer for the Time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in every such Action or Suit (as the Case shall be): Provided always, that every such Treasurer, in whose Name the Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to be received by the Guardians by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as he shall be put unto or became chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may Guardians be lawful for the said Guardians to bring or cause to be brought in the br

Name of the Treasurer as aforesaid, any Action or Actions of Debt or Action, special Action on the Cafe in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for all or any of the Penalties or Forfeitures which shall be incurred under this Act, and for all or any of the Fines set or imposed by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, or any Part thereof (in which Action or Actions it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in such Sum as the Plaintiff shall suppose to be then due or forfeited), for so much Money before then owing from or by the Defendant to the Plaintiff, by an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish; and if the Plaintiff recovers in any such Action he shall have full Costs, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgement are now by Law levied and recovered, in which Action or Actions no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardian^ shall yearly Accounts to and every Year hold Four or more Meetings for inspecting the Accounts be auJlttd-of the said Treasurer, and of the Master or Mistress of the said Work-house, or other Officer or Officers to be chosen and appointed under this Act, upon such Days as the said Guardians shall order and appoint; at [Lw. fisf Per.'} 10 T which

90 2

May contract

for Money for

Indemnification from Bastard Children.

May take up

wandering

Poor,

They may punish 'he Poor who are idle or misbehave themselves.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

which Meetings the said Treasurer shall produce am Accmmt of all Sums of Money by him received, and also the Receipts and Vouchers of the said Mailer or Mistress, or other Officer or Officers, for all Money paid to him or her, and the said Mailer or Mistress shall all'o produce and lay before every such Meeting an Account of all Sqins of Money by him or her received, and also an Account how he or she las paid, laid out, and expended the fame, in as full, clear, and distinct a Manner as can or may be, and shall also deliver in a true and distinct Account of the Number off Person? in the said Workhouse, distiuguishing their Age and1 Sex, and how they are employed, and how much Money has been earned by their Labour in the preceding Quarter, and such Accounts shall be left at the said Poorhouse or Workhouse, and shall be open at all seasonable Times to the Inspection and Perusal of all and every Person and Persons paying to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish; and such Treasurer, Master or Mistress, or other Officer or Officers, shall also verify on Oath the Truth of such Accounts, which Oath the said Guardians^ or any Two of them, are hereby empowered to administer.

XLIT. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Guardians shall, and they are hereby empowered to contract and agree for such Sum of Money or Consideration as they shall be willing to accept from any Person or Persons, to indemnify him, her, or them, for or on Account of any Claim or Demand to be made upon him, her, or them by the said Parish, for the future Maintenance of any Bastard Child, or Children likely to be born a Ballard, and thereupon absolutely to acquit and diffiharge him, her, or them, from any Claim or Demand of the said Parish on Account thereof, by Writing under their Hands.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any One or more of the said Guardians, from Time to Time to cause any Person who shall be found wandering or begging within the said Parish, or who being poor or having no visible Means of supporting and maintaining himself or herself and Family without Labour, and being capable of Labour refuseth to do any Work suitable to his or her Age, Strength, or Ability, whereby himself, herself, or Family, or some Part thereof, is chargeable to the said Parish, to be sent to tlx; said Workhouse, there to be kept and employed for so long Time as the said Guardians, or any Two or more of them, shall direct, or until he or she shall be discharged by due Course of Law; and in case of Misbehaviour of any such Person, it shall be lawful for the said Guardians, or any Two or more of them, to punish such Offender in Manner herein-after mentioned, or for the said Offence for which he or she was apprehended and sent to the said Workhouse fin case he or she shall be a Vagrant), to cause such Offender to be passed as a Vagrant to his or her Place of Birth or other legal Settlement, if the fame can be found.

XLIV. And whereas many Persons maintained in publick Workhouses refuse to work, or are guilty of profane cursing and swearing, Drunken-ness, or of embezzling and purloining, or other Misbehaviour, and by the Laws uow in being no Punishment can be inflicted upon them without committing them to the House of Correction or Common Gaol,

which

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56. 903

which Commitments have not been found to answer the Purposes thereby intended; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any poor Person maintained in any Workhouse belonging to the said Parish of Chatham, shall embezzle or purloin any Part of the Apparel provided for or belonging to the said Workhouse, or any Materials for Work, or make Waite of the Provisions, Materials, or Things provided in or for the said Workhouse, or be guilty of prophane curling, swearing, Drunkenness, or any lewd, immoral, or indecent Behaviour, or refuse or neglect to perforin the Work or Service which he or she shall be required to do, or shall be remiss therein (such Work or Service being suited to his, her, or their Age, Strength, and Ability), it shall be lawful for the said Guardians, or any Two or more of them, to cause such Person or Persons so offending to be punished in such Workhouse, either by Abatement of Diet, moderate Correction, solitary Confinement, or Distinguishment of Diet or of Dress, without committing such Offenders to the House of Correction or other Prison; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: But provided always, that no Female shall be whipt in any Case whatsoever.

XLV. And, to the F.nd that all the Poor in the said Poorhouse or Encniragj. Workhouse may be encouraged to apply themselves to the Labour or Kiven to Talks in which they may be employed, with Diligence or Attention; be it further enacted, That out of the Profits arising from the Work 00 ‘ which shall be done by such Poor, such Rewards shall be distributed to the industrious and skilful, in Proportion to the Quality and Perfection of their Work, as to the said Mailer or Mistress shall appear reasonable, under the Directions of the said Guardians.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on knowingly buy, receive into pawn, or secrete any of the Cloaths or e"‘

Wearing Apparel of the Poor who at any Time shall be received into furniihtd for and maintained in the said Poorhouse or Workhouse, or any of the the Poor‘ Goods or Materials carried into the same to be wrought up, manufactured, or used by the Poor therein, or any of the Goods or Furniture thereof, or shall buy or receive any of the Provisions allotted or provided for the Poor of the said Poorhouse or Workhouse, every Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, upon Conviction on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent; which Penalty, when paid or recovered, shall go One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the said Guardians, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no spirituous or other strong No spirituout Liquors shall be conveyed into the Poorhouse or Workhouse for the Re- ^'rried'into the ception of the Poor of the said Parish, unless with the Permillion of the Workhouic. said Guardians, or by the special Order of the Apothecary appointed to attend such Poorhouse or Workhouse; and every Person who shall be convicted of any such Offence shall forfeit a- Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, which Penalty shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, who is and are hereby declared to be a competent Witness or Witnesses.

XLVIII. And.

§04 . 42ft GEOTtGII III. Cap. 56.

Con" ^LVIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it enacted, That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or in any other Words to the fame Effect.

ant'ctrtifi*

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Guardians

cat"s, av.1 to grant Certificates under their Hands to any Person whose legal Settle^ tnent shall be in the said Parish, and who shall be willing to remove or who shall have removed out of the said Parish, which Tespective Certificates, attested by the Clerk to the said Guardians, and signed by Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, as Certificates are now by Law directed to be, shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes; and if any such Certificates or any Bonds already given to the Officers of the said Parish for indemnifying such Parish from any Charge which may arise from Ballard Children, shall at the Time of the First Meeting of the said Guardians be and remain in the Custody of the Officers of the said Parish, such Certificates and Bonds shall forthwith be delivered to and kept by the Clerk to the said Guardians; and the said Guardians shall and are hereby authorized to sue on such Bonds, and they shall recover the Penalties as if such Bonds had been originally made to them, and all Bonds hereafter to be given for the fame or like Purposes shall be made to the said Guardians only; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Children L. And be it further enacted, That all poor Children who shall at

he »ppren-° any Time be maintained by the said Guardians, shall be and remain ticed. under their Care and Government until they arrive at the Age of Fourteen Years, and that after such Children shall attain the Age of Fourteen Years respectively, or sooner if the said Guardians shall think fit, the said Guardians may and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to bind and put forth any such Children Apprentices to any reputable Person in England or Wales, to be taught any Art, Trade, Mystery, or Occupation, or in any Handicraft Business or Manufacture, or to be employed in the Sea Service, as the said Guardians shall think mod suited to the Strength and Capacity of such Child or Children, for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, or until such Child (being a Male), shall attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, or (being a Female), shall attain the Age of Eighteen Years or Day of Marriage; and that every such Writing shall be mutually binding as an Indenture between the Master, Mistress, and Apprentice, and shall in all Respects be in force, and according to the Laws in force concerning the apprenticing of poof Children where Parents are not able to provide for them; and that the said Guardians shall, and they are hereby required to provide necessary Cloathing for every such Apprentice upon his or her being bound as aforesaid.

Children may

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians may and or hired outJ ^ey are hereby empowered to discharge out of the said Workhouse, or to hire out, either before or as soon as may be after any Child shall have attained the Age of Fourteen Years, any of the poor Children in the said

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56. 905

/aid Poorhouse or Workhouse or otherwise, for One whoie Year at the lead, for the Benefit of such Child or Children.

LII. And be it further enacted, That any Inhabitant of the said Parish of Chatham, notwithstanding his or her being a Member or Officer of the said Parish, or contributing to the Rates of the said Parish, and any Person maintained within the said Workhouse, or otherwise relieved or supported by or at the Expence of the said Pari fit, shall in all Actions to be brought in any ot His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture given by this Act, and at the Hearing of all Examinations and Appeals touching Orders of Re* moval from or to the said Parish, or touching Orders of Bastardy,' concerning Bastards chargeable or likely to become chargeable to the said Parish, or touching Adjudications or Convictions of Defaults and Offences for which Forfeitures or Penalties are or may be imposed by virtue of this Act, or touching any-Penalties or Forfeitures which, or any Parc of which by the Laws now in being, or by any Law hereafter to be made, are or may be given to the Poor of the said Parish, be and be deemed to be a competent Witness; any Law, Statute, Custom, Rule, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed (the Recovery and Application whereof is not herein- Penalties, before particularly described), shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the said County, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice is hereby authorized and required to grant for those Purposes, and to administer all such Oaths gratis), and the Overplus, after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale (such Charges to be fettied by the said Justice), are recovered and deducted, shall be returned on Demand to die Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all such Penalties or Forfeitures, when so recovered or paid (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act), shall from Time to Time be paid to the said Guardians, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to be applied towards the Maintenance of the Poor in the said Roorhouse or Workhouse, or in otherwise putting this Act in Execution; and in case sufficient Dili refs shall not be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County, there to remain, withour Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all Charges as aforet'aid, shall be looner paid and satisfied.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Appeal, or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or any other Matter or Thing [Lee. £3* Per.~\ ie U done

Inhabitants and Poor may be Witneilofi.

906

Justices empowered to grant Relief, upon Appeal against the Races.

Justices to proceed on Comp aint of Guardians or Person appointed by them.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

done or directed to be done or committed by or by Order of the said Guardians in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall apply for Relief to the Guardians for putting this Act in Execution, at any Meeting to be held within One Calendar Month next after Publication of any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, in the Church, or next after any such Matter or Thing done and committed by or by the Order of the said Guardians; and such Guardians, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered (if they shall think such Persons aggrieved), to give such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem necessary; and if such Person or Persons shall not be satisfied with the Determination of such Guardians, he, she, or they shall be obliged to pay such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and to comply with such Order of the said Guardians, and then shall and may appeal to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the Weitern Division of the said County, next after such Determination of the said Guardians, such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice at the lead in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, to the Clerk to such Guardians, and within Two Days next after such Notice entering into Recognizance before a Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned for prosecuting such Appeal, and to abide the Order thereon, and to pay such Cods as shall be awarded bythejudices at such General or Quarter Session; and the said Justices at such General or Quarter Session, upon due Proof of such Notice given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Cods to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices at their General or Quarter Session shall be final and conclusive.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on Appeal from the Rates to be made for the Purposes of this Act, the Justices shall and may amend the fame in such Manner as may be necessary for giving Relief, without qua(hing or altering such Rates with respect to other Persons mentioned in the fame; but if upon Appeal from the whole Rate it shall be found necessary to set aside the fame, then the Justices shall and may order a new Rate to be made.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace is or are empowered by the Laws in being to proceed on the Complaint of any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of any Parish, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby required to proceed on the Complaint of any One or more of the said Guardians, or of such Person or Persons as shall have been duly appointed by Writing under the Hand of the said Guardians for that Purpose, in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Complaint had been made by the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish.

wm '

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56. 907

LVII. And be it further enacted, That wherever any poor Person or Gmrdian. Persons, or any Vagrant or Vagrants, shall be ordered to be removed from p,*fomPtore-the said Parish of Chatham to the Parish or Place of his, her, or their move Poor or legal Settlement, it shall be lawful for the said Guardians (if they think Vasr*ntl-fit) to cause such poor Person or poor Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, to be respectively removed in the usual Manner of removing Paupers or Vagrants, by some Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Guardians for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands and Seals; and every Overseer of the Poor or other proper Officer of the Parish or Place to which such poor Person or poor Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, shall be ordered to be removed as aforesaid, is hereby required to receive every such poor Person or poor Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, in like Manner as he or they would have been if such poor Person or poor Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, had been delivered to him, her, or them, by One of the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Chatham; any Law, Custom; or Usage. to (he contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or Proceeding, concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any other Proceedings to be n°l(^j')or had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, vv.ntof or shall be quashed or vacated for Defect or Want of Form only, or be re- Form, moved or rerpoveable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; and that where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, such Distress shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on Account of any Defect or Want of Form, or any other Irregularity in the Summons, Conviction, Order, Warrant, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover Satisfaction for the Special Damage only, in an Action upon the Cafe.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences Piy:n? Exincident to or attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and all other Costs, Charges, and Expences of carrying the fame into Execution, and incident thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of the First Monies which shall come into the Hands of the said Guardians or their Treasurer by virtue of this Act.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Limitation of commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing A'Uons done in pursuance of this Act, or any of the Powers hereby given or in anywise relating thereto, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been thereof given in Writing to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Guardians, nor after Satisfaction or Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made; and every such Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County of Kent and jiot elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special

Matter

1

4-2° GEORGII III. G&p. y6.

Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if it shall appear to be done in pursuance of this Act, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or before the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or (halt discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant ot Defendants shall have appeared, and if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have and be entitled to the like Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in any other Cafe by Law.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded,

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

909

The SCHEDULE referred to, containing the Form of Proceedings.

No. t. WARRANT of DISTRESS for Non-payment of the Rates.

Kent, 1 To the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of to wit. J Chatham in the County of Kent, and to all Constables, Bors-holders, and other Peace Officers for the same County.

WHEREAS the under-mentioned Persons, now or late Inhabitants, Holders, Landlords, Tenants, Occupiers, or Enjoyers of Lands, H >uses, Shops, Warehouses, Coachhouses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, or other Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Part of feme Building or Tenement within the said Parish of Chatham, were and are truly rated and assessed, or liable to pay the Rate and Rates duly made for the Purpose of an Act, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled \_fct forth the Title of this A£f\: And whereas the said Persons have refused or neglected to pay the several Sums of Money at and against their Names hereunto respectively set down, for Money due from them for or towards the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and the said several Sum and Sums of Money are still remaining due in Arrear and unpaid, as appeareth upon Oath to us. Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent; and the said several Persons having been summoned to appear before us to answer the Premises, as also appeareth to us the said Justices upon Oath, and they nor either of them having shewn any sufficient Cause: These are therefore in His Majesty's Name to will and require you, or either of you, forthwith to levy the said several Sums of Money due from the said Persons, and here-under joined to or set against their Names respectively, by Distress and Sale of their respective Goods and Chattels (such Goods and Chattels being kept by the Space of Five Days before the same are fold), rendering to them respectively the Overplus (if any be), the reasonable Charges of such Distress, Sale, and Keeping, being first deducted; and if no sufficient Distress can be had or taken, that then you certify the same to us, to the End such further Proceedings may be had therein as to the Law doth appertain: And we do hereby strictly charge and command all and singular the Constables, JBorfholders, and other His Majesty's Peace Officers for the said County of Kent, to be aiding and assisting in all Things relating to the Pretnifes. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

[Loc. Lf Ter.]

10 X

PERSONS

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

PERSONS NAMES.

A. B -

C. D -

E. F. the Landlord for divided G. H. &c.

SUMS DUE. JT. s. d.

No. 2. WARRANT for Want of Distress of Goods.

Kent, 7 'so all Constables, Borfholders, and other Peace Officers for the to wit. j County of Kent, and also to the Keeper of the House of Correction at Maidstone, in and for the Laid County.

WHEREAS now or late an Inhabitant,

Holder, Landlord, Tenant, Occupier, or Enjoyer of Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, or Part of some Building or Tenement within the Parish of Chatham in the said County, was and is truly rated and assessed, or liable to pay the Sum of for and towards the

Rate lately made for the Purposes of an Act made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [set forth the Title of this ACC] \ And whereas the said refuted or

neglected to pay the said Sum of Money to the Overseer of the Poor, or the Collector of the Rares of the said Parish, although the fame was demanded, as appeared to us, Two of Elis Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, upon Oath; whereupon we the said Justices granted our Warrant, bearing Date the Day of

to levy the said Sum of on the said

by Distress and Sale of His Goods and Chattels, rendering to him the Overplus (ifany): And whereas

One of the Constables or Boriholders of the said County of Kent, to whom the said Warrant was delivered to be executed, hath made a Return of the said Warrant, and certified to us, that upon Enquiry and Search it appeareth unto him, that the said

hath not any Goods cr Chattels whereof a sufficienc Distress could be had or taken to levy the said Sum of

and the said Sum is iliil due and unpaid, as appeareth also to us upon Oath: These are therefore in His Majesty's Name to will and require you, and every of you, to apprehend the said

and him safely to convey and deliver to the Keeper of the said House of Correction, or his Deputy, together with this Warrant: And we do hereby also command you, the said Keeper or Deputy Keeper, to receive the said

into your said Gaol, and him safely keep, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of [any Time not exceeding One

Calendar Month'] unless such Money, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

No.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

No. 3. FORM of SECURITT for Money borrowed at Intereji.

DT virtue of an Act made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [set forth the Title of this Aci\, the Guardians of the Poor of the Parish of Chatham in the County of Kent, in Confederation of the Sum of

advanced and lent by A.B. upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act, do grant and assign unto the said A. B., his [ or her] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which is or shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act; to be had and holden from this Day, until the said Sum of

with Interest at per Centum per Annum for the fame, to

be paid Half-yearly, shall be fully repaid and satisfied. In Witness where- of the said Guardians, or of them, have hereunto set their

Hands and Seals, the Day of

No. 4. FORM of Grant of ANNUITY.

JgY virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [set forth the Title of this Ad~\ the Guardians of the Poor of the Parish of Chatham in the County of Kent, in Consideration of the Sum of

paid by^. B. to the said Guardians, do hereby grant unto the said A. B., his [or her] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, an Annuity or yearly Sum of out of the Rates and

Assessments to be made by virtue of the said Act; which Annuity or yearly Sum of shall be paid to the said ' his [or her] Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, at the Poorhouse of the said Parish of Chatham, by Four equal Quarterly Payments; (that is to say), upon in every Year, during the natural Life of the First Payment thereof to be made upon

now next ensuing the Date hereof; and a proportionable Part of such Annuity or yearly Sum of

shall be paid from the last Quarter Day of Payment, to the Day of the Death of the said In Witness whereof the said

Guardians, or of them, have hereunto set their

Hands and Seals, the Day of

No. 5. FORM of AJJtgnment of SECURITIES.

J THE within named in Consideration of the

Sum of to me paid by

of in the County of at or before the Execution hereof (the Receipt whereof I do hereby acknowledge), do allign and transfer the within Security, and all my Right, Title, and Interest in and to the fame, and the Money thereby secured, unto the said Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

Witness my Hand, the Day of

No.

912.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

No. 6. CONVICTION.

r>E it remembered, that on the Day of

'D in the Year of the Reign of King George

the Third, A.B. is convicted before of His Majesty’s

Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, by virtue of an Act made in the Forty-second Year of King George the Third, intituled [set forth the Title of this A SI ] [specifying the Offence]. Given under our Hands and Seals [or my Hand and Seal] the Day and Year aforesaid.

No. 7. NOTICE of APPEAL.

R pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [set forth the Title of this AST], we do hereby give you Notice, that we intend to appeal to the next Sessions of the Peace to be hoidenf^y Adjournment then those Words to be adaed] at Maidstone, in and for the County of Kent, against the Order, Conviction, or Determination [as the Case may be] of . - , - - Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, whereby they have [fating the Matter intended to be appealed against]. Dated the Day of

1,'.'Vi vti’- . i

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

' '

li T OI . J V . ’

r' '

tecT f

\~J.v. ;: _; Lrc ;1

%’: f-> fi 'it

. 1 .

t ..

3P1 1 no!: ')

y I Li:.

h 1 1

, in ,itia

3tit mil ,j

- JJ.

« g i } jfi

: ' l>: inv\

J y lb ,"* . . i-.Zit tli

V: Jt; T>' . I i.I. i! 301

f X t V.'f J ! -

v i ‘ if i.» :p>. r

1 III

t*

Y.r.C v.

inner l ‘ f .’ill

: a 11

,* ()t» :i

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 57.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for

ereSling a TVorkhouse in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for the better Employment and maintaining the Poor there, so far as the fame relates to the erecting a new Workhouse within the said City and County, for the better Maintenance of the Poor thereof.

[24th May 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of

Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for ere Bing a B/orkhouse in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for the better Employment and maintaining the Poor there, certain Persons therein mentioned, and their Successors, were incorporated by the Name of The Governor, Deputy Governor, Afftstants, and Guardians of the Poor in the City and County of Norwich, and Liberties of the Jame: And whereas the said Governor. Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians of the Poor, [Loc. £2? Per.] 10 T have

9U 42° GEORGII III. Cap. si-

have proceeded in the Execution of the said recited Act, and have found the several Powers and Provisions contained therein insufficient for the 1'e-veral Purposes thereby intended; but if such Powers and Provisions were altered and enlarged, and a new Workhouse erected, the Poor of the said City and County might be better employed and more comfortably maintained and supported, and at less Expence than they are at present: May it therefore pleal’e Your Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fmt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelcut Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, and all the Clauses, Powers, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Rules, Remedies, Directions, Provisoes, Articles, Matters, and Tilings whatsoever therein contained, (except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), and also this present Act, shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effrft for the Purposes of carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution.

m»y*contrait* IE And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and f r Lands and for the said Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians of the Buildings. p0or in the said City and County of Norwich, and Liberties of the fame, at any Court or Assembly at which Twenty-one Guardians at the ieaft shall be present, and they are hereby empowered and required, as loon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to rent or hire, for any Life or Lives, or for any Term or Number of Years, any Lands or Tenements from any Person or Persons who shall be able and willing to let the fame, or to contract or agree for the absolute Purchase in Fee Simple of any Lands and Tenements within the said City and County thereof, (provided that such Lands so rented, hired, or purchased, do not exceed Ten Acres in the Whole), with any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be willing to fell the lame, for the Purpose of making, erecting, and maintaining a Work-house, and other Works and Conveniencies thereto, for the Reception and Maintenance of the Poor in the said City and County, and other Buildings to be erected, maintained, and supported by virtue of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor, Deputy Governor, AITistants, and Guardians of the Poor in the City and County of Norwich, and Liberties of the fame, to hold such Lands and Premises so purchased without incuning or being subject to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain.

BodiesPoli-

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and powered*to*0" ^or ^oc^'es Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate

fell. or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trull, Executors, Administrators, Husbands,

Guardians, Committees for Lunaticks and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trulls, whether Infants or Ilfue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Femes Coverr, who are or shall be feiled in their own Right, and all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in such Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Ekreditaments, or any Pait thereof, which shall tc thought necessary by the said Corporation to be purchased for

9*5

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

for any of the Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Corporation for the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, of, in, and to the fame, to the said Corporation, for any of the Purposes of this Act; and that all Contrafts, Agreements,

Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made by vi'tue and in pursuance of this Act, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but alfa to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Ule, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, ot their Lid several and respective Cestuique Trulls, and all Persons whosoever claiming or or to claim by, from, or under them, any Law, Statute, Ul'age, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trull* Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians,

Committees, Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if there shall be any Money to be Application of paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any ingtoaoof. Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trull, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in llrift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Corporation, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenement, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase and Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invelted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood Lttltd or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Convex ance and Settlement shall be exilting undetermined and capable of taking Effect} and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made.

916

Application where Corn-pen fation shall be less than aoo I. and exceed 20/.

Application where the Money is less than ao /.

On Payment of Purchase Money, Premises to be conveyed.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Cetuum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Dank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the said

l.ands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if there shall be any Money to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, which shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and which shall exceed or be equal to ihe Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein- before di-reded , or otherwil'e the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Corporation, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so to be paid as aforesaid, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Ufcof the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Corporation, or any Twenty-one or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committte or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Money so contracted or agreed for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, by the said Corporation, to the Party or Persons respectively entitled to such Monies, or their Agents, cr upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England, for the Purpose of being disposed of in Manner herein-before directed, and upon the Conveyance in Manner heron-afitr

directed.

917

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 57*

directed, made of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, all the Estate, Righr, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons respectively for whole Use the fame was paid, in, to, or out of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, for the Use and Purposes of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be made to the said Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, and their Successors, shall be made in the Form or to the Effect following; ('videlicet),

Conveyance,

I A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of to be paid by the Governor,

Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians of the Poor in the City and County of Norwich, and Liberties of the fame, acting by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here insert the ’Title of this do hereby grant and release to the said Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, and their Successors, all [here describe the Premi/es to be conveyed3 and all my Right, Title, and Interest to and in the fame, and every Part thereof, to hold to the said Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, and their Successors for ever. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Day in the Year of our Lord .’

And every such Sale, Conveyance, and Assurance so made, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, shall and may and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be, after they shall have hired or so purchased any Lands or Tenements as aforesaid, to build, make, and erect, or cause to be builr, made, and erected, in a plain and durable Manner, the several Buildings following; (that is to say), a convenient Building, or Part of a Building, to serve as an Hospital for the Reception of aged and infirm Persons; One other convenient Building, or Part of a Building, for the Reception of such Children as are not able to work; One other convenient Building, or Part of a Building, for the Reception and Employment of such poor Persons as are able to work; One other convenient Building, or Part of a Building, to be made use of as an Infirmary for the Reception of the Sick; and One other convenient and separate Building, or Part of a Building, for the Recep ion of Lunaticks; and also such other Buildings, Works, and Conveniencies, as the said Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, shall find necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, shall and they are hereby required to keep the Buildings to be builr, made, erected, or purchased, or hired, by virtue of this Act, in good and sufficient Repair, and from Time to Time to alter and enlarge the fame, or any of them, in such Manner as they shall think necessary and convenient; and that all the Expences of purchasing such Lands and Tenements, and of building, making, and [Loc. y Per."] io Z erecting

Premises vest* ed in the said Corporation.

Governor, ele* to eretfl or provide necessary Building*.

9*8 42° GEORGII TIL Cap. $7.

erecting such ^Buildings, Works, and other Conveniencies, shall be defrayed out of the Monry to be borrowed by virtue of this Act; and that after such Buildings, Works, and other Conveniencies shall be so built, made, or eteded, and completed, all the Expeners of repairing, altering, and enlarg ng, and k eping the fame in Repair, and of hiring any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act, shall be defrayed out of the Monies to be from Time to Time raised for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor within the said City and County, by virtue of any Law or Statute in force and effect.

Governor, X. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor, Deputy Go*

the Holci? vcrnor> Assistants, and Guardians, shall and may, as soon as conveniently

ere- when ’ can he, next after the finishing or fitting up of such Building or Build-

fimfaed. jngS> provide and furnish the fame with all necessary Furniture, House-

hold Goods, and Utensils, and all'o all such Materials as shall be deemed necessary for the Employment of the Poor, to be received into such Building or Buildings, the Costs and Charges of which shall be paid and discharged out of the Monies to be raised for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor within the said City and County, by virtue of any Law or Statute in force and effect, or out of the Monies to be borrowed by virtue of this Act.

corporation

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for may comrart. fa;j Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, to enter into any Contract or Contracts for building, making, erecting, maintaining, and repairing, such Building or Buildings, and other Works and Conveniencies, or any of them, or for furnishing Materials, or any other Matters or necessary Things whatsoever, or for any Purpose or Purposes in Execution of this Act; but before any such Contract or Contracts shall be entered into, Fourteen Days Notice at the least shall be given, in some One of the publick Newspapers printed and circulated in the said City of Norwich, expressing the Purpose or Purposes of such Contract or Contracts, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered to the said Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned } and the said Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, shall and they are hereby required to take Security from every such Contrador for the due Performance of his or her Contract.

Contrast not

XII. And be it further enacted, That no such Contract or Contracts than Five"0 *'1 be deemed good or valid, if the same shall have been made for a Ytar«. longer Space or Term than Five Fears from the Time of entering into such Contract or Contracts.

Corporation

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to poundwi'ih an^ for k’dGovernor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, Per (out for from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to compound and aarec

Contract! any Person or Persons on account of any Breach or Non-performance of such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, so as the Sum so compounded and agreed for be not ltrfs than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non-per-' - T formance

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

formance of such Contradltjr Contrails, and all Cods, Charge?* and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby.

919

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Contraft or Con- Contrafhto tracts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be re- works to be ceived or paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works done.

shall be completed, and the Penalties to be buffered in case of Non-performance thereof, and shall be signed by the Person or Persons contracting

to perform such Works respectively; which Contraft or Contrails shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Governor*, the said Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, at any

Court or Assembly at which Twenty-one Guardians at the lead shall be not exceeding present, to borrow and take up at any Time or Times, for the several 3°>00®‘-Purposes of this Act, at legal Incereft, such Interest to be paid at the End of every Six Calendar Months, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding liiirty thousand Pounds in the Whole, and to mortgage and assign over, by Writing under the Common Seal of the said Corporation, all and every the Buildings, Lands, and Premises of the said Corporation, and all or ant Part of the Poor Rates to be collected within the said City and Caunty, by virtue of any Law or Statute now in being, as a Security for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the Money so to be borrowed, ,'vtfie Chsr.es of all such Mortgages and Assignments to be paid out 0 iie Monie. arising by virtue of this Act)} and all such Mortgages and j alignments I all be regularly numbered according to their respective Date , having a f arate Number for every Sum of One hundred Pounds ther iy secured, ..id Ci pies thereof so numbered shall be entered in a Bock or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the said Cor-por.tion; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, is and are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, in the Prefenre of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to assign or transfer hi*, her, or their Right to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, or any Part thereof, so that no such Transfer of a less Sum than One hundred Pounds be made; and all such Transfers shall, wichin One Calendar Month after the Date thereof, be produced to the Clerk of the said Corporation, who is hereby required to make or cause to be made an Entry of such Transfers, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties and Witnesses, and the Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned or transferred, in the said Book or Books wherein the original Mortgages or Assignments are entered; and for every such Entry, the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more} and which said Book or Books shall and may at; all reasonable Times be inspected and perused by any Creditor or Creditors of the said Corporation by virtue of this Act, without Fee or Reward } and afeet; such Entry made as aforesaid, such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors and Administrators, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Person or Persons to whom such Transfer or Transfers shall be made, may in like Manner transfer again, and so toties qHotiis} and it shall not be in

the

920

Form of Alignment.

Form of Transler.

How Money borrowed is to be paid off.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

the Power of any Person who shall have made such Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Monies due thereon; and that all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfers shall be made, shall be in Proportion to the Sum of Sums thereby secured, Creditors on the said Buildings, Lands, and Rates, equally one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing such Money.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Mortgage or Assignment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following

‘ t)Y virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty-second Year ‘ of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled £fet forth the Title of this we, the Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants,

and Guardians of the Poor, in the City and County of Norwich, and Liberties of the fame, in pursuance of the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of advanced and lent by A.B. of

upon the Credit and for the Purposes of this Act, do grant, bargain,

fell, and demile unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and ‘ AlTigns, such Proportion of the Buildings, Lands, and Tenements, be-‘ longing to us as Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guard-‘ ians as aforesaid, and of the Monies to be raised for the Relief and ‘ Maintenance of the Poor of the said City and County, by any Law or

Statute in force and effect, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which may at any Time be borrowed, or ‘ become due and owing, or charged upon the Credit of such Buildings, ‘ Lands, and Tenements, and Monies as aforesaid, to be had and holden

from this Day of until the said Sum of

with Interest at per Centum per Annum for the fame, shall be

repaid and satisfied. Given under our Common Seal, the Day and ‘ Year aforesaid.’

And every such Security shall be good, valid, and effectual, and shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Payment thereof, and to all ProGt and Advantage thereto, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Transfer may be made in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of

paid to me by C.D. of do hereby transfer a certain

‘ Mortgage or Alignment [or a Part thereof, as the Case may made by the Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians of the Poar in the City and County of Norwich, and Liberties of the fame,

to bearing Date the Day of

for securing the Sum of and all Interest now due

‘ and to become due thereon, and all my Right and Property therein, to

the said C. D- Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this

‘ Day of in the Year

XVIII. And whereas it is intended that all the said Mortgages and Alignments for the Payment of any Principal Money, shall be discharged within the Space of Thirty Years from the Time of passing this Act, and

with-

42° GEORGII III. Cap. ST- 921

without any Partiality or Preference; be it therefore enacted, That the Principal and Interest of the Money so borrowed shall be paid otic of the Monies to be raised for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor in the said City and County, by any Law or Statute in Force and Effed; and in case the said Governor, Deputy Governor, Adistants, and Guardians, shall at any of their Coates or Assemblies to be held after the completing of the said new Workhouse, at which Twenty-one of the said Guardians at the leaf! shall be present, come to a Resolution that the said Corporation will be able to and shall discharge a certain Sum or Sums of the Money borrowed upon Mortgage as aforesaid, in the Course of the next Six Months, that then, at the next succeeding Court or Assembly, the said Governor, Deputy Governor, Adistants, and Guardians, shall and will, and they are hereby requited to cause all the Numbers of the said Mortgages respectively, to be inclosed together in a proper and convenient Box, and that the Clerk of the said Corporation, or some other proper Person, shall, at such Court or Assembly, fairly and impartially draw out so many of the said Numbers as shall amount to the Sum or Sums of Money which the said Corporation shall, at their aforesaid previous Court or Assembly, have resolved to pay off and discharge; and the several Numbers so drawn shall be then paid off and discharged: Provided always, that a Sum not less than One thousand Pounds, Part of the Money so borrowed, shall be paid oft' in each and every Year, until the Whole of the said Principal Money (o borrowed, and all Interest thereon, be fully paid and discharged.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That after any of the Numbers of Notice fliati the said Mortgages shall be so drawn, and in consequence thereof the b'®J1ve?n0ttlie Money due thereon, or some Part thereof, be liable to be discharged as Money,* tic. aforesaid, that the said Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, shall cause Notice in Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Corporation, to be given to the Person or Persons entitled to receive such Monies, or left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, signifying the Intention of the said Corporation to pay off such Sum or Sums of Money due to him, her, or them, as aforesaid; and that if such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to attend himself, herself, or themselves, or some Person properly authorized on his, her, or their Behalf, on the Day and at the Place fixed and appointed in and by such Notice, to receive the Principal Sum or Sams then to be discharged, and shall not then deliver up the Security or Mortgage for the said Money or Assignment thereof, or give or execute a full and satisfactory Discharge for the fame, or for such Part of the Money borrowed then to be paid off, that then and in such Case all Interest thereon shall cease from the Day which was specifird and mentioned in such Notice, as the Day on which the said Principal Sum or Sums of Money would be so paid off and discharged.

XX. And be it further enacted, That Three Calendar Months, and Three Calen-no less Time, shall be and be deemed to be sufficient Notice for the paying jfoti^to'be off and discharging any of the said Mortgages and Assignments, or any g,ven.

Part of the Money due thereon.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of Fxjencesof procuring and passing this Act, together with Interest for the Money ad- 'p* Aktobe

[Lee. $9' Per.~\ 11 A vanced "rlpa-

Q22

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

vanced for that Purpose, shall be paid and discharged out of the First Monies to be raised or borrowed by virtue of this Act.

pi in'iffi not

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall if 1'Tentlerof recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons, or Amends. Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, for any Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or to the Clerk or Clerks of such Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Twenty-tight Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fir, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

AfSo*jIOn°f

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of the Chy of Norwich, and not elsewhere and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-eight Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as afore-f.iid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be gi.en against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants fliill recover Treble Costs, and have luih Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

Publick Atf.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudge and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as Inch, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Anorew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS;

t-* *Ht*

Cap. 58.

An Act for draining, preserving from Water, and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Parishes or Chapelries of Wookey, West bury, Rodney-Stoke, Wedmore, Mear, TVeare, Nyland, Badgworth, Biddisham, Bast Brent, South Brent, Cheddar, Axbridge, Compton Bishop, Lo*-Bleadon, Brean, Berrow, and Lympsham, all in the County of Somerset; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the River within the said Parishes of Bleadon, Lympsham, Loxtonf Bast Brent, Compton Bishop, Biddisham, Badg-worth, Weare, and Axbridge% some or One of them, above and from a certain Place called Southern Mead Barrs, situate within the said Parish of dort.

[24th May 1802.]

[ZLoc. y Ar.] n 5 WHEREAS

926

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

Commissioners.

Power verted in Two Coai-miiiioneis.

Power to eleil

Commission ei s in P.ace of any dying or (efuiing to act.

WHEREAS there are several Low Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes, Chapelries, Villages, or Hamlets of Wookey, Westbury, Rodney-Stoke, IVedmore, Mear, W'eare, Nyland, Badgworth, Biddisham, East Brent, South Brent, Cheddar, Axbridge, Compton Bishop, Boston, Bleadon, Brean, Berrow, and Lympsham, all in the County of Somerset, lying on or near, and draining into the River Axe; which, from their low and flat Situation, and by reason of there not being any Dam, Sluice, Lock, or Stophatches, in, upon, or across the said River Axe, in order to prevent the Water from the Bristol Channel at High Tides from running up the said River, and by the circuitous Course of the said River Axe, and by the Narrowness of the fame, and by divers other Obstructions, Impediments, and Annoyances, in Bridges and otherwise, in, over, upon, and near to the said River Axe, are very liable to be flooded, and the said Low Lands and Grounds are thereby rendered in a considerable Degree unprofitable to the Owners and Proprietors thereof; but if proper and sufficient Cuts, Rhines, Drains, Outlets, Floodgates, Locks, Dams, or Sluices, and other Works and Conveyances, were made for draining and preserving from future Floods the said Low Lands and Grounds, great Benefit would accrue to the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and to the Publick, and the Navigation of the said River Axe would be improved; yet the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That James Stephens of Camerton House, Francis Edwards IF'ha 1 ley of Winscombe, both in the County of So-mcrfet, Esquires, and bVyndham Gooddtn Esquire, Barrister at Law, and their Successors, to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting and carrying this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein-after contained, into Execution.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Matters, and Things by this Act given to or veiled in, or directed to be done and executed by or before the said Commissioners, may be done and executed by or before any Two of them, and the same shall be of as full Force and Effed as if done and executed by or before all the said Commissioners; any Thing htrein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any One or more of the Commissioners appointed by this Act, or to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die, or refuse or become incapable to ad, then and in such Case the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall, from Time to Time, at some Meeting to be held for that Purpose within One Calendar Month next after the Death, Refu-fal, or Incapacity of any such Commissioner, or as soon after as Occasion shall require, by Writing under their Hands or his Hand, appoint some other Person, not ifl^rested in the Prenrifes, to be a Commissioner in the Place and Stead of every such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every such Commissioner so

921

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58,

to be appointed shall have the fame Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, as the Commissioner in whose Place he shall succeed was veiled with.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be allowed to retain in their Hands, out of (he Monies to be raised by virtue ance. of this Act, the Sum of Three Guineas each, and no more, for their Trouble and Expences of each and every Day they shall necessarily attend

in the Execution of this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be jr.^taiwan capable of acting as Commissioner in the Execution of any of the Powers o^h. given by this Act (unless it be the Powers hereby given of administering

the Oath or Affirmation herein-afrer mentioned, or of giving Notice of the First Meeting of the Commissioners), until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath, or being One of the People called Quakers, the Affirmation following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do so- q° of th*

lemnly affirm) That I will faithfully, truly, impartially, and ho-

neflly, according to the belt of my Skill and Knowledge, execute and

perform all such Matters and Things which, according to the Nature ‘ and Duty of my Office and Employment of a Commissioner for carrying

into Execution an Act \_bere insert the Title of this Acf\ ought to be

done, executed, and performed by me, without Favour or Affection to any Person or Persons whomsoever. So help me GOD. [Or, being One of the People called Quakers, omitting the Words, So help me ‘ GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation it shall be lawful for any One of the said Commissioners to administer, and he is hereby required to administer the same; and the said Oath or Affirmation so taken and subscribed, shall be annexed to and deposited with that Part of the Award herein-after directed to be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Somerset.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, First Meeting, and they are hereby required, within Two Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, to cause Notice to be given in some or One of the Brijloland of the Bath Newspapers respectively, and also to be affixed in some publick Place in the City of Wells, and in the Town of Axbridge, in the said County, of the Time and Place of their First Meeting for executing the Powers of this Act vested in them, at least Fourteen Days before such Meeting; and that the said Commissioners shall and may at such Meeting, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves to meet at such Time and Place in the said County of Somerset, as they shall think moll convenient for the Purposes of this Act, and to cause Ten Days Notice at least to be given in some or One of the Bristol and of the Bath Newspapers respectively, of every subsequent Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment, which it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any One of them, from Time to Time to make, only excepted)*

92B

Proceedings of Commissioners to be entered in a Book.

Officers.

Officers to g ve Security.

Officers to account,

or be puniffi-ed.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders, Proceedings, and Determinations of the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners present at such Meetings, and being so signed, shall be deemed and taken for Originals; and all such Books shall and may be read in Evidence in all Cafes of Appeal, Suits, Actions, and other Proceedings, touching any'Matter or Thing done in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, Assessor or Assessors, Collector or Collectors of the Rates and Taxes, and such other Officers as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to remove all or any of such Officers as they shall think fit, and appoint others in the Room of such as shall be so removed, or as shall die or resign their Office, or be incapable of performing it; and shall take such Security for the due Execution of such respective Offices as they the said Commissioners shall think proper j and may, by and out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, allow and pay to such Clerks, Surveyors, Assessors, Receivers, Collectors, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be aiding or assisting to them in their respective Offices, or that shall in any Way be employed in the Execution of this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances, for their respective Attendance, Care, and Service, as to the said Commissioners shall seem reasonable; and all such Officers and Persons shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Commissioners, delivertc such Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing, under their respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, cblleft^d, or received, and how and to whom, and for what Purposes the lame and every Part thereof hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall verify the Accounts upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One of them, are and is hereby empowered to administer); and all such Officers and Persons shall, and they are hereby required, to pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint to receive the same; and if such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to render and give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof upon Oath, or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands, when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid, or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by the said Commissioners, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings, in their respective Custody or Power, anyways relating to the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor ltfs than Twenty Pounds, to be paid to the said Commissioners, and applied towards the general Purposes

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

of this Act; and if Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Refusal to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing shall live and reftde, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant < r Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Officer or O " cers, Person or Persons, to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not appearing, or not alledging a sufficient Excuse, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in such Manner a? the said Commissioners might have done; and if, upon (he Confeffiorr of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witne’fles (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered to administer), it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Person, such Justice shall and he is hereby required and authorized upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money, and also such Penalties as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and Penalty, and the Charges of distraining and felling the fame, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place by him appointed for that Purpose (except for some sufficient Excuse), or if appearing shall refuse or neglect to give or deliver to such Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truth of such Accounts and of the Articles thereof on Oath (which Oath the said Justice is hereby also empowered to administer), or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, the said Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol or Bridewell of the County where he, she, or they shall live or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he, she, or they shall have delivered in and settled his, her, or their Accounts, and have verified the fame on Oath, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts re-la ing thereto, and shall have paid all the Money which shall appear to be in his, her, or their respective Hands, and such Penalty as aforesaid, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale as shall in that Respect have been made, or until he, she, or they shall have compounded with the said Commissioners for the fame, and paid the Composition Money to the Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make), or until he, she, or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners: Provided always, that no Person who shaft be committed for Want of sufficient Distress only, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Time than Three Calendar Months.

{Lcc.& Per.]

ti C

93° 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

IX. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That every Clerk, Surveyor, Assessir, and Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, shall before he shall proceed to do and execute any Thing under this Act, take and subscribe the following Oath, or being One of the People called Sgu ken, the Affirmation following; (that is to say),

w*ors, Sand ' I & do swear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do affirm}

AflcJfrrtOath. ‘ That I will according to the belt of my Skill and Knowledge, iaith-

fully discharge the Trud reposed in me by virtue of my Office of Sur-

veyor [ or, A fife (for, or, Collector, as the Case may be J by virtue of an

Ad yHere insert the Title of this /.IcP} without Favour or Affection to

‘ any Person or Persons whomsoever. So help me GOD. [[Or, being One < of the People called Quakers, omitting the Words, So help me GOD ’}

One Commit Which Oath or Affirmation it shall be lawful for any One of the said

po"'r«ltoa<l- Commissioners to adminster, and he is hereby required to adminider iriiniitei the the fame; and which Oath or Affirmation so taken and subscribed, shall °lth' be depohted as the Commissioners Oath is herein-before directed to be

deposited.

Commissioners to view Rivers, Drains, etc. and employ an Engineer or Engineers.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to view the River Axe, and the several Drains, Rhines, Clices, and Shuttles communicating or connected therewith, and the Bridges upon and over the lame, and to employ a Surveyor or Surveyors, Engineer or Engineers, or other Person or Persons whom they shall think proper, (or the fame Purpose; and which said Surveyor or Surveyors Engineer or Engineers, are hereby required forthwith to make and deliver to the said Commissioners a Report in Writing, under their rdpedive Hands, and also, if required, a Plan or Plans of the bed and most effectual Means of widening, deepening, and improving the said River, and the several Drains, Rhines, Clices, and Shuttles communicating or connect ed therewith, and of improving the Bridges upon and over the fame, and for erecting and building proper and necessary Dams, Sluices, and Floodgates thereon tefpedfively, and for making such other Improvements for perfecting the intended Drainage of the said Low Lands and Grounds as shall appear proper and necessary, and also for improving the Navigation thereof within the said Parishes of Bieadon, Lympfham, Loxton, East Brent, Compton Bishop, Biddifham, Badgworth, IVea e, and Axbridge, fume or One of them, above and from a certain Place called Southern Mead Barrs aforesaid, situate within the said Parish of Bieadon, and of the probable Cods, Charges, and Expences of carrying the fame into complete Effect.

Han and Book

XI. And whereas the making of a Lock, with a proper and convenient of Reference Side Cut thereto, as intended hereby, at or near the said Place called the'oelk ofth ^outhern Mead Barrs aforesaid, will improve the Navigation aforesaid, and the Peace. be productive of great Advantage to the Publick: And whereas a Map or Plan describing the Line of the said intended Alteration of the said River, now (abject to such Navigation, and the Lands through which the fame is intended to be made, together with the Book of Reference containing a Lid of the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Somerset; be it therefore enacted, That such Map or Plan and Book oi Reference shall remain in the Cudody of the Clerk of the

931

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

the Peace for the said County, and that al Persons shall at any seasonable Time or Times have Liberty to inspect a d peril e the fame, and to make Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom at their Will and leasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace One Shilling for every Inch Inspection, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every Two hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts; and that the said Commissioners in making the said intended Alteration as aforesaid, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the I.ine or Course thereof described in the said V:ap or Plan, nor shall any such Deviation, so far as relates to the Navigation aforesaid, be made into or carried through the Lands of any Person not named in the said Book of Reference, without the Content in Writing of such Person:

Provided nevertheleb, that no Advantage shall be taken, nor any Interruption be given in making the said intended Alteration, on Account of any Error or Omission in the said Book of Reference, in Cafe it shall appear to the said Commissioners, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

MIL And be it further enacted, That all Persons whomsoever shall have That Naviga. free Liberty to navigate upon the said River, with such Boats and Vessels shall be as they have usually employed or may hereafter employ, without any Interruption from the said Commissioners or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, and without paying any Sum or Sums of Money for passing or repassing any Lock or Locks that may be intended by virtue hereof, to be erected thereon, or to any Charge whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Commission-and they are hereby authorized and empowered to drain, in the befl: and most effectual Manner, according to the befl of their Skill and Judgement, Dra nsanJ the said Low Lands and Grounds; and for that Purpose it shall be law- Outlet*, »tc. ful fir the said Commissioners, and their Agents, Workmen, and all other Persons by them employed, and they are hereby authorized and v empowered from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, at their Will and Pleasure, to enter into and upon any Lands or Grounds whatsoever, of or belonging to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, within the Parishes and Chapelries aforesaid, or within any or either of them, and to flraighten or alter the Course or Direction of the said River Axe, or any of the Drains leading towards or into the fame, and to make, open, and cut in or upon such Lands or Grounds, or any Part thereof, any new Banks, Bays, Rivers, Yeos, Channels, Rhines,

Roads, Ditches, Cuts, Passages, Culverts, or Trenches; and maintain and cleanse all such Rivers, Yeos, Channels, Rhines, Ditches, Cuts, Passages, Culverts, Banks, or Trenches, leading to, or communicating or connected with the said River Axe as new or hereafter shall be made, opened, or cut therein; and to alter, remove, rebuild, and repair any Banks, Engines, Sluices, Floodgates, Drains, dices, Bridges, Culverts,

Roads, and other Works already made and eroded, and also to erect and build, and from Time to Time to alter any new Banks, Engines,

Sluices, Flood Gates, Locks, Dams, dices. Bridges, Culverts, and other Works on the said River Axe \ and also to dam, bay, and flop up any ancient Brooks, Rhines, Pills, and Watercourses, and remove any dice or Clices erected thereon; and also to make any Embankment or Embankments against any Lands adjoining the said River Axe, within the said Parishes, any or either of them, in, upon, and through the Lands and

932

Commissioners may agree for the Purchase of Lands, etc.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. s8.

and Grounds aforesaid, for the more effectual carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, and for the better conveying the Waters from the same Lands and Grounds into the said River Axe and Dri/iol Channel, as shall be thought fit, necessary, and convenient by the said Commissioners.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority to do all or any of the Matters and Things, and to make and erect all or any of the several Works hereby authorized to be done, made, or erected, in, over, or upon any Common or Waste Grqunds, and also. in, over, or upon any private Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, whatsoever, making Batisfaction as herein-after mentioned; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to agree with the Proprietors of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments which the said Commissioners shall judge necessary to be cut, taken, or uled, for the Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase of such Lands and Hereditaments, or for the Recompence to be made to such Proprietors and Persons interested for the Damages they may sustain thereby, and also to settle and ascertain in what Proportion the Sum or Sums so agreed for shall be paid to the several Persons interested in the Premises; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs, and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Ccftmane Trusts, whether Infants or Blue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons who are or shall be seised or interested in their own Rights, and to and for all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, to contract for, fell, and convey unto the said Commissioners, by such Form of Conveyance as is herein-after directed, or by such other Form of Conveyance as they the said Commissioners shall appoint, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purposes aforesaid; or to agree with the said Commissioners for any Recompence or Compensation to be made for the Damages which m iy be done to any such Lands and Hereditaments by the Means aforesaid; and all such Contracts, Sales, Conveyances, and Agreements, shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever therein declared, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whatsoever, are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall lawfully do in pursuance of this Act; but if it shall happen that any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons interested or concerned as aforesaid, shall for the Space of Twenty Days’ after Notice in Writing given to the principal Officer or Officers of such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at his, her, or their respective Place or Places of Abode, or at the House of the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands or Hereditaments, neglect or relufe to treat, or shall not agree with the said Commissioners, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners may and they are hereby authorized

933

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

rized and required, Fourteen Days at lead before they shall make: the Application to the Justices of the Peace as herein-after mentioned and within Twelve Calendar Months after the Lands or Grounds shall have been taken, cut, or used, or such Damage done, to give or cause to be given to the Party or Parties whose Lands or Hereditaments shall have been taken, cut, or used, or who shall have fudained such Damage or Injury, or leave or cause to be less at his or their lad or usual Place or Places of Abode respectively, or at the Place of Abode of the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of the Premises, a Notice in Writing, purporting that the Value of such Land or Ground, and the Amount of the Damage or Injury fudained, will be adjuded and settled by a Jury; and thereupon the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required forthwith to apply to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Somerset, (not being intereded), which said Justices are hereby authorized and required to issue out their Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the said County for the Time being, or if such Sheriff shall be immediately intereded in the Matter in Question, then to One of the Coroners (not immediately intereded in the Matter in Question), of the said County, commanding such Sheriff or Coroner to empannel, summon, and return a Jury; and the said Sheriff or Coroner is hereby required to empan-hel, summon, and return a sufficient Jury, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm to serve on Juries in the Trial of Issues, to appeat before the said Justices of the Peace at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and the said Justices of the Peace are hereby empowered out of the said Jury to swear Twelve, who shall be a Jury, to enquire touching the Matters in Question; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at such Time or Place as aforesaid, the said Sheriff or Coroner shall return other qualified and indifferent Men who may speedily be procured, to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve, and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; and the said Justices of the Peace are hereby also empowered and required by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time to summon before them, or before any Two Justices who may attend, all such Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined as Witnesses, touching the Matter in Question, as well upon the Application of the Parties intereded as otherwise, and also to examine such Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices of the Peace are hereby empowered to administer), touching the Matters in Controversy; and the said Justices may, by Order in Writing, direct the said Jury, or any Six or more of them, to view the Place or Places and Matter in Question; and the said Jury shall esquire of and assess the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for Satisfaction or Damages as aforesaid, and shall ascertain in what Proportions the Sum or Sums so assessed shall be paid to the several Persons intereded, and the said Justices of the Peace shall give Judgement for such Sum or Sums of Money accordingly; which said Verdict, and the Judgement thereupon pronounced, shall be conclusive upon all Parties intereded, and being put into Writing under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices, shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to be kept among the Records of the Sessions of the Peace for the said County, and a true Copy thereof shall be admitted as Evidence in all j~Loc. & Per.] 11 D Courts

934

Penalty on Sheriff, Coro-nei, Under-Sheriff, J u-rors, or Witnesses, making Default.

Expences of the Jury.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

Courts of Justice, and the said Clerk of the Peace shall be paid Five Shif-lings and no more, for the depositing and keeping of every such Verdict and Judgement; which said Copy the iaid Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy is hereby required to make and deliver to the Person or Persons requiring the fame, he, she, or they paying for such Copy after the Rate of Two-pence for every Seventy-two Words and no more.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if such Sheriff or Coroner, or his Under Sheriff or Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sun» not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds; and if any such Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid on such Jury shall not appear, or shall refuse to befworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give his Verdictl, or in any Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined, or to give Evidence, every Person so offending, having no reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by the said Justices of the Peace, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Sum as the said Justices shall adjudge, not exceeding Ten Pounds for any One Offence.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where a Verdict shall be given for more Monies as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or Persons whomsoever, or for any Damage to be done to any Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or Persons, than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, then all the Expences of taking such Inquest, together with all such Charges as shall be incurred by the Person or Persons entitled to such Recompence or Satisfaction, in ascertaining the Recompence and Satisfaction to be made, shall be settled by the said Justices, and be defrayed by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act; but if any Verdict shall be given or made lor the fame, or a less Sum than had been previously oifered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or in case no Damages shall be given by the Verdict where the Dispute is for the Damages only, then and in every such Case the Costs and Expences of taking such Inquest shall be settled in like Manner by the said Justices, and be borne and paid by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of, or other Person or Persons intereded in the Lands or Hereditaments in Question j which said Costs and Expences, having been so settled, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, where the fame shall exceed such Costs and Expences, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed or adjudged; or otherwise such Colts and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the said Commissioners in and by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for the Recovery of the Rates and Taxes.

42° GEORGII III. Gap. 58.

935

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall ^n°ft(j° not extend to the taking down of any Dwelling House, Building, or other taking down Erection, (except Bridges, Culverts, Sluices, dices. Shuttles, or Dams) Houses, ru. without the Consent of the Owners or Proprietors, and Occupier or Oc- p, J'out Con' cupiers thereof respectively in Writing undir their Hands.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if in making any new River or Commission-Cut, of altering the Channel of the River Axe, or making any of the tu^mlhafe* Works relating thereto, any Piece or Parcel of Land shall be cut through Lands cut and divided, so that what shall be left on either Side of such Cut or Ri-

ver shall be less than One Acre in Quantity, or less than Two hundred mentions. Yards in Breadth through the whole Length thereof, and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Piece or Parcel of Land shall not haveany other Land adjoining thereto, then the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to take and purchase such Pieces or Parcels of Land, and shall pay for the same to the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, after the fame Rate and in the fame Vlanner as they shall pay or be adjudged to pay for the Land adjoining thereto, which shall be taken and used by them for the Purposes aforesaid; provided the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or the Person or Persons entitled to the Possession or to the Rents and Profits of such Lands respectively, shall by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, delivered to the said Commissioners within One Calendar Month next after Payment and Satisfaction shall be made for the other Land so taken and used by the said Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, require the said Commissioners to take and purchase the fame, and for that Purpose it Aral I be lawful for all such Owners of or Persons interested in such Piece or Parcel of Laud to sell and convey the lame to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, notwithstanding the y may be under Disability or Incapacity as herein-before mentioned with respect to Lands to be taken or used for executing the several Powers of this Act; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to sell and convey such Lands which they shall be so required to take and purchase as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be willing to purchase the fame, and the Monies arising from such Sale shall be appropriated from Time to Time for the Purposes of this Act; and that any such Conveyance may be made and effected by a Deed in Writing, according to the following Forms, or as near thereto as the Case will admit of; (that is to say), where the said Conveyance shall be made to the said Commissioners (which said Conveyance or Conveyances the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to accept and take), it may be made in the following Form, or as near thereto as the Nature of the Cafe will admit:

‘ Commissioners appointed in and by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-‘ second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [Here Jet ‘ forth the Title of this /Iff] do hereby grant, fell, release, and convey

[_or, if Leasehold or Copyhold, fell, or, assign] unto the said Commis-e sioners, all, &c. ['describing the Premises to be conveyed] and all my Estate,

Right, Title, and Interest, to and in che fame; to hold to the said Commis-

of

in Consideration of

to me paid by

1

sioners

936

The O wher? of such Lands may fell them tootheis, and not to the

Commission-eis, if they p.cferit.

Application of Co opensation where exceeding *oo/.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

' (loners, their Successors, and Assigns, for ever [or, if Ijafebcld or Copy-‘ hold, or for a particular Estate, ft ate the Term or Inter eft intended to bt ‘ granted r assigned] by virtue of and according to the true Intent and

Meaning of the said Act.’

And in case such Conveyance shall be from the said Commissioners to any Purchaser or Purchasers, it may be made in the following Form, or as hear thereto as the Nature of the Cafe will admit; (that is to say),

VX/E Commissioners appointed

in or by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of ‘ this Act] in Consideration of the Sum of

‘ to us paid by of do hereby

‘ severally grant, fell, release, and convey [or, if Leasehold or Copyhold, ‘ fell, or, assign^ unto the said all [describing the Premfes

‘ to be conveyed] and ail our Estate, Right, Title, and Interest to and in the fame; to hold to the said Heirs and Alligns for

ever [or, if Lecfehold or Copyhold, or for a particular Estate Jhte the ‘ Term or Inter eft intended to be granted or aligned'] by virtue of and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act. In Witness, Ac.

XIX. Provided always nevertheless. That in case the Owners or Proprietors of and Persons intereded in such Pieces or Parcels of Land as aforesaid, shall be minded and desirous of felling the same to any other Person or Persons, and not to the said Comtni l oners, then and in such Case it Avail be lawful for them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of the same to such other Person or Persons, upon giving Notice as aforesaid of such their Intention to the said Commissioners.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid or agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments purchased and fold, taken or ul'ed, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, or for any Damages done to such Lands or Hereditaments as herein particularly mentioned, and the said Money shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the fame exceeds the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said CominiHioners, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be ilgnified by an Order, made upon a i'etition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or Part thereof, affecting the fame Lands, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invelted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands,

or

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58. 937

or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intent3, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used, or damaged as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, on the Request of any One of the said Commissioners in Writing, signed by him, and without any Order of the Court of Chancery, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time ro Time go and belong to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid foT any Lands, or Hereditaments pur- e 'n^tioA chafed, taken, or used, or damaged as aforesaid, and belonging to any <)0e, not ex-Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity fe1edr1V®/ nor as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, nor be 15 ;St"anjo/’ less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at

the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or damaged, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and apprbving Parties), in order that such Money may be applied in such Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall where be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in such Cases the same shall be «bao*o *. paid to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been

entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purpose^ of this Act; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

u

\Lcc. & Per.]

93&

Where any new Cut shall be m de f«r the Pui pose of ltraiu:hrening the River Axet Sec. Commit* f» ners shall ppoint Proportions, etc.

fees Wall to be kept in Repair.

Nothing in this Act contained to exonerate Per-suns from doing their ancient Works, etc.

Where any Part of the River shall be rtndered useless,

Commissioners to fell the tame, etc.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any new Cut or new Cuts, or new Bank or new Banks, shall be made by virtue of this A St, for the Purpose of Heightening the said River Axe, and in consequence thereof Parts of the old or ancient Channel of the said River be choaked or filled up, and the fame together with the Banks thereof become useless as to any beneficial Purpose for draining the said Low Lands and Grounds, that then and in every such Case the Owners or Occupiers of the several Lands who have from Time to Time heretofore been charged and burthened with the cleansing, throwing, and repairing such Parts of the said last mentioned River and Banks, shall from Time to Time cleanse, throw, and repair such new Cut or Cuts, Bank or Banks, which shall be made in the Place of such Part of the said River as shall be so rendered useless as aforesaid, in such Quantities and Proportions, and in such Places and Manner, as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award, to be made as herein-afte* is mentioned, order and direct; and such Person and I’ersons shall be at Liberty from Time to Time, and at all proper and seasonable Times, to enter into such Lands through which any such new Cut or Cuts shall be made as aforesaid, for the Purpose of throwing and cleansing such new Cut or Cuts, Bank or Banks as aforesaid, doing as little Damage thereby as may be.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to make such Alterations and Amendments as they shall think necessary in the present Sea Wall or Sea Bank, or make such new or other Sea Wall or Sea Bank, completely to defend and secure the said Lands and Grounds from the Inundation of the Sea, and for the more effectually doing thereof, to erect any Dam or dice, Dams or Clices, at or near WelJham Pill, within the said Parish of Lympsham, and remove any such Dam or Clice, Dams or Clices, now being in, through, or under such Sea Wall or Sea Bank, as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet and proper, and the Expence of doing thereof, and keeping the fame in Repair, shall from Time to Time be borne and paid in the like Manner as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award direct and appoint.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall discharge and exonerate, or be construed to discharge and exonerate any Person or Persons, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments from the repairing, maintaining, and clejnfing the old Channel of the River Axe, and the Banks thereof, within the Parishes aforesaid, in such Quantities and Proportions, Manner and Form, as such Person or Persons, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, have been hitherto respectively bound to do by Tenure, Prescription, or otherwise howsoever, except in such Cases as are herein-before especially provided for.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That such Parts of the said old or ancient Channel of the said River which shall so become useless as aforesaid, immediately after such new Cut or new Cuts shall be made by or under the Direction of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, together with the Ground and Soil of the fame, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, shall be vested in the said Commissioners and their Successors,

who

939

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

who are hereby authorized and required to offer the fame for Sale to such Person or Persons whose Lands shall lie adjoining thereto, and in case such Person or Persons shall not agree with the said Commissioners, or shall refuse to purchase the fame, the said Commissioners shall sell and dispose of the fame by publick Auction or otherwise, as to them shall seem meet, and shall convey the same to any Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively in Fee Simple, by such Form of Conveyance as herein-before mentioned and set forth as the Form of Conveyance from the said Commissioners to any Purchaser or Purchasers of Land fe-parated into small Parcels as aforesaid, or as near thereto as the Nature of the Cafe will admit of; and that the Money arising from such Sale or Sales shall be appropriated and applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if by the making of any Bridge* to be Cut, Drain, or other Work, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, the 2^,° where Roads, Ways, Paths, or Passages of any Person or Persons to or from parr.ge to his, her, or their Grounds or Premises, or otherwise howsoever, on ot». Foot, or with Cattle or Carriages, will be obstructed or interrupted, the UL e ' said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, before or immediately after such Works shall be completed, to cause all such necessary

Bridges as the Cafes may require to be properly built, for the convenient Use and Passage of any such Person or Persons on Foot, or with Cattle or Carriages, and to defray the Expence of erecting and making such Bridges out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXVIII. And whereas, by Means of making the said new Cuts or AttowtngjEx. Drains, and other Works, and the proper Embankments for the fame, m,a,3.e‘ ° the Lands of several of the Proprietors may be thereby fevered and divided, so as to render the future Occupation thereof very inconvenient,

unless Bridges of Communication were to be made and supported over such new Cuts or Drains, which Bridges, from the large Dimensions of the said Cuts or Drains, cannot be erected and supported but at a very considerable Expence, which may be avoided by Exchange of the fame Lands so fevered and divided; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the Proprietors or Owners of any Lands or Hereditaments within any of the respective Parishes or Chapelries aforesaid, or for the Guardians of Infants, Husbands, or Trullees of Femes Covert, Committees or Trustees of Idiots, Lunaticks, and Persons beyond the Sea, or the Attornies of any Persons beyond the Sea respectively, and for all Trullees for any charitable Use or Purpose, and all Tenants for Life or Lives, or in Tail, of any such L ands or Hereditaments, or the Guardians, Husbands, Trustees, or Committees of such Tenants for Life or Lives, or in Tail respectively, who shall be disabled or incapacitated to act for themselves, to exchange all or any such Lands or Hereditaments so fevered or divided, within any such Parishes or Chapelries as aforesaid, for any other Lands or Hereditaments of equal Value, within any of the said Parishes, Chaptlries, or Places, and to convey the Fee Simple of the Lands or Hereditaments to be granted by them on such Exchanges, in such Manner as if the Grantor or Grantors was or were absolutely entitled thereto in his, her, or their own Right or Rights, and under no Disability or Incapacity to convey; so that all

940

New Works to b«e kept in Repair by the Owners of Lands benefited, etc.

Commissioners to make a Rate or Assessment on Lands affected, etc.

42° GEORGII IU. Cap. 58.

such Exchanges be made by and with the Consent and Approbation o'f the said Commissioners, and be ascertained and declared by some I aft ruin ent in Writing under their Hands and Seals; and that the Lands or Hereditaments so to be taken in Exchange shall enure to such and the like Uses, and be subject to such and the like Tenures, Trusts, Rents, Payments, Conditions, and Charges, as the Lands or Hereditaments for which the same shall be so taken in Exchange shall be limited, subject, or liable to at or immediately before the Time of making such Exchanges respectively; and every such Exchange so to be made as aforesaid shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, notwithstanding any legal or natural Incapacity of any Proprietor or Owner respectively making any such Exchange: Provided, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church or Chapel, without the Consent of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese for the Time being, signified by Writing under his Hand and Seal, and the Patron of such Church or Chapel for the Time being, signified in Manner as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Expence of repairing and keeping in Repair all and every the new Banks, Rivers, Cuts, (except such new Cuts and Banks for the Purpose of straightening the said River Axt, as are herein-before last mentioned), Rhines, Ditches, Passages, Trenches, Engines, Sluices, Flood Gates, Culverts, Bridges, Sea Walls, and new Banks, and other new Works, which may be made by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, be borne and defrayed by the several Owners and Occupiers of Land which shall be benefited or affected thereby, in the several Proportions as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award direct and appoint.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, at such Time or Times after the passing of this Act as they shall think proper so to do, to make or cause a proper Survey and Valuation to be made of all such Low Lands and Grounds within the Parishes and Chapelries aforesaid, as in their Opinion shall o'r may receive Benefit by such intended Drainage, and shall assess and lay on the fame a Tax, by a Pound Rate, according to the yearly Value of such Lands and Grounds, in Proportion to the Benefit and Advantage such Lands and Grounds shall or may respectively receive in their Judgement by such intended Drainage, and from Time to Time as they may fee Occasion, to alter, vary, or extend the said Rate or Assessment; and shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or Chapelwardens or Chapelwarden, or Overseers or OveTfeer of the Poor of each and every Parish and Chapelry where any Lands are to be so assessed, or unto some or One of them, a fair Copy or fair Copies of the Assessments made on the several Lands lying within such Parish or Chapelry, together with a Notice at the End of such Assessrnent of the Time and Place the said Commissioners intend to meet, to hear and take into Consideration any Objection which may be made thereto by any Per-ftm or Persons interested; and the said Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Chapelwardens or Chaptlwarden, Overseers or Overseer, to whom such Copies or Copy of such Assessment shall be delivered as aforesaid, shall

3 and

pr

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58. 941

and they are hereby required to cause Notice to be given on the Two

ensuing Sundays after receiving the fame, in the Church or Chapel of such respective Parish or Chapelry, immediately after Divine Service (if Divine Service shall be performed in such Church or Chapel on such said Sunday), or by Writing to be affixed on the principal outward Door of such Church or Chapel, and where the fame can be done then by both such Ways or Means, that such Assessment is so left with them or him, and fix a Day and Time for a Meeting of the Persons interested therein, to be held within Twenty-eight Days after the Receipt of such Assessment, at the Place where Vestries or Parish Meetings are usually held, or at some other convenient Place in the said Parish or Chapelry, for the Purpose of taking the fame into Consideration; and shall produce such Assessment at such Meeting for the Purpose aforesaid, and shall in the mean Time suffer the same to be inspected and copied at all reasonable Times by any Person or Persons interested therein, under a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds for each Default in any One of the Duties hereby imposed on them respectively; and the said Commissioners are hereby also required to insert Notices in the Newspapers, as herein-before mentioned, that such Assessments are made and left with the Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Chapelwardens or Chapelwarden, Overseers or Overseer as aforesaid, and of the Times and Places when the said Commissioners shall meet to hear and take into Consideration any Objections which may be made to the said Rates as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to hear all and every Objection and Objections which shall or may be made by any Person or Persons to any such Assessments, or to any Matter or Thing in any or either of them contained, and shall determine the fame according to the best of their Skill and Judgement, and shall alter the Rate and Assessment accordingly if they think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall in consequence of any such Determination of the said Commissioners (but not otherwise) find themselves, himself, or herfeif, aggrieved either in the Whole or in Part, or as to the Quantum of the said Assessment, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal against such Rate or Assessment and Determination of the said Commissioners, to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County of Somerset j and the Justices of the Peace assembled at such Session shall, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to settle such Rate or Assessment, and to alter the fame, if they think proper: Provided always, that if the First Day of such next General Quarter Sessions be within Thirty Days inclusive from the Day and Notice of such Determination of the said Commissioners, then such Appeal or Appeals may be made at the said First or at the Second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the same County, on giving Ten Days Notice to the said Commissioners; and the Determination of the Court of Quarter Sessions shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties j and the said Court of Quarter Sessions shall be at Liberty to award Costs on such Appeals, to be paid by the said Commissioners, if the Court shall determine against them, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, or to be paid to the said Commissioners by the Appellant or Appellants in case the Court shall confirm the Determination of the said Commissioners; and if the Appellant or Appellants shall not pay such Costs as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered as herein-after provided with Refp.ft to the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

[Lor. ft? Per.~\ 11 F

942

Commission-cr* to make Rates to raise the Monty to defray the

Expences.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, from Time to Time, after the said Assessment shall have been so settled and determined, and subject to such Alterations and Variations as may be made therein by the said Commissioners, and to the Relief hereby directed to be given to Persons who may be over or wrongfully charged, either by the said Commissioners or the said Court of Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, to make a Rate or Rates on the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds, in the Proportions and conformably to such Assessment so determined and settled as aforesaid, and shall thereby from Time to Time raise and levy such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to pay and defray all the Goffs, Charges, and Expences as have been incurred by the Commissioners of Sewers of the said County, as those which shall be incurred in the soliciting and passing of this Act, and in every Thing relating thereto, and of defending any Appeal or any other Litigation or Controversy arising out of the Duties imposed on the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, and also of surveying, measuring, planning, and valuing the said Lands and Grounds, and of purchasing Lands and Hereditaments, and of building any new Outlet or Outlets, Bridge or Bridges, dice or Clices, and of making any new Cuts, and of purchasing Lands for that Purpose, and of building, scouring, digging, widening, pulling down, deepening, altering, and repairing all such Bridges, Banks, Dams, Sluices, Culverts, Rhines, Ditches, Watercourses, and Drains, as shall be deemed necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and of preparing and depositing the Award or Instrument herein-after mentioned, and all other necessary Allowances, Charges, and Expences relative to the putting this Act in Execution, and executing and completing the several Works, Matters, and Things hereby required to be done and executed; and the said Commissioners shall rause a Notice or Notices of the Time and Place, or Times and Places when and where such Rates shall respectively be directed to be paid, and of the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same, to be published in the Church or Chapel wherein the Lands so assessed shall respectively lie, on some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, and also cause the like Notice to be fixed on the principal outward Door of the said Church or Chapel Ten Days at lead before such Time of Payment; and in case any Person or Persons who shall be so rated or assessed shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions of such Rate, at the Time and Place, or the Times and Places, and to the Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, that then the said Commissioners shall and may,and they are hereby authorized and empowered,by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whom they shall think proper for that Purpose, from Time to Time to levy such Rates by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, or by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Tenant or Occupier, Tenants or Occupiers, of any of the Lands on which such Rate or Assessment shall be made or laid as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any), on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after paying all the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale; and in case the fame or any Part thereof be levied by Distress and Sale as aforesaid by any Want of Tenant, or Insufficiency of Stock, or otherwise, then the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58. 943

rant under their Hands and Seals to authorize any Person or Persons whom they shall think proper for that Purpose to appoint, to enter into and upon, and take Possession of the Lands on which such Tax and Assessment shall be so laid, and which the Owner or Owners thereof hath or have so neglected or refused to pay as aforesaid, and to let the fame, and to receive the Rents and Profits thereof respectively, until thereby or therewith such Rate so neglected or refused to be paid as aforesaid, and also all Cods, Charges, and Expences occasioned by such Entry, and the Receipts of the Rents and Profits of the said Premises, shall be respectively fully paid and fatLfied; and the said Commissioners are hereby directed and required from Time to Time to appropriate and apply all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be so raised and received by virtue of this Act, towards the several Colts, Charges, and Expences aforesaid; provided that the said Commissioners shall not be at Liberty to raise or cause to be raised more than One Half Part of the Whole of such Colts, Charges, and Expences, within the Space of Fifteen Calendar Months.

XXXII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, Forprefeivins That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to ex- commfrnon-tend, to abridge, alter, or suspend any of the Powers or Authorities given, ers un.ier the reposed, and vested in the Commissioners appointed in and by virtue of an ^r"‘I)r*m*Se Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for draining, preserving from Water, and improving certain Low Lands and Grounds lying within the several Parishes or Chapelries of North Wootton, PHton, West Pennard, and the several other Parishes in the said Act mentioned, all in the County of Somerset, so far as relates to all such Lands or Grounds which can be moll effectually drained into the River Brut, in the said County of Somerset.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Method of re-of the said Lands and Grounds so to be rated and assessed as aforesaid shall ^irdTin^'ts6 at any Time be untenanted or unoccupied, so that sufficient Distress can- for Lands un-not be found whereon to levy the said Taxes or Assessments, and the said tenanted. Commissioners shall not think proper to enter upon and let the same as aforesaid, then the Lands and Grounds to be charged with such Taxes

and Assessments shall remain a Security for Payment thereof; and all Corn,

Hay, and other Goods and Chattels and Stock which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon shall and may be distrained, appraised, and fold in Manner aforesaid, until all Arrears of such Taxes and Assessments, and the Charges of such Distress, and detaining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XXXIV. And, to the End that the said Rates may be more easily and Tenantstopsy effectually collected, be it further enacted, That where any of the Lands and Grounds which shall be so rated or assessed as aforesaid, shall be in it out ot their the Occupation of any Tenant or Tenants at Rack Rent, such Tenant or Rerit-Tenants, except as herein-after mentioned, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so rated or assessed on the respective Lands and Grounds in their respective Occupation, and to deduct and retain out of the Rent which shall be then due, or which shall thereafter become due for such re-

944

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

Where there are Leases at Rack Rear, the Commissionersare to apportion the Alleflmen: between Lrflbr

and Leiree.

speflive Lands and Grounds, all such Sum and Sums of Money which he, she, or they shall have so respectively paid as aforesaid, and the several and respective Landlords and Owners of such Lands and Grounds are hereby required to allow such Deductions out of such Rent: Provided always, that where any Lands or Grounds shall be demised to any such Tenant or Tenants at Rack Rent, for any Term or Terms of Years, that then the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to apportion such Rate and Assessment between the Lessor and Lessors, and the Lessee and Lessees, in such Manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and such Lessee or Lessees shall only be authorized and empowered to deduct the Portion or Portions which shall by the said Commissioners be charged on the Lessor or Lessors as aforesaid.

Tenants in Tail for Life, etc. enabled to wife the Affcllment by Mortgage.

Tenants for Life may chares by Will. }

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons being Tenants in Tail or for Life, or for any Vicar or Rector, or for any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or for the Husband of any Feme Covert seised only in Right of his Wife, and for all Persons being or aftingas Guardians, Committees, Trustees, or Attorneys for, of, or to any Minors, Idiots, Lunaticks, or Persons beyond the Seas, or under any legal Incapacity or Disability whatsoever, and for all Trustees or Feoffees for charitable Trusts or Uses, by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners, to be testified in Writing under their Hands and Seals, in and by any Deed or Instrument to be executed by them, either before or within Two Years after the Execution of their Award to be made ashere-in-after is directed, from Time to Time to charge the several Lands or Grounds which shall be so rated or assessed as aforesaid for the Purposes of this Act, with the several Sum and Sums of Money which shall be so laid, rated, or assessed thereon by virtue of this Act, and when paid by the Landlord, and for securing the Repayment of the fame, with Interest, to demise or grant for any Term or Terms of Years the several Lands which shall be so rated or assessed unto the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the fame respectively, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; so as such Grants or Demises respectively shall be made with a Proviso or Condition toceafe and be void, or with an Agreement therein contained that such Term or Terms shall be surrendered, when the Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and so as in every such Demise and Grant there be inserted a Covenant to pay and keep down Half-yearly the Interest of the Money thereby secured, and One Twentieth Part of the Principal, during the Life or Interest for which the said Lands or Grounds so to be charged, deinifed, or granted, shall be respectively held; provided that no Person or Persons entitled to the Remainder or Reversion of the Lands so to be charged, demised, and granted, shall be liable to pay any greater Arrear of Interest for the said Money so borrowed than for the Half Year preceding the Time that the Title of such last mentioned Person or Persons shall have commenced; and that it shall be lawful for any such Tenant in Tail or for Life, and all other Persons as aforesaid, by any Deed or Deeds in Writing, or by hi-, her, or their last Will and Testatnent in Writing, duly executed according to Law, either before or after the signing of the said Award of the said Commissioners, to charge the said Lands and Grounds with such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so laid, rated, or assessed thereon, and which shall have been accordingly paid by such Tenant

94 S

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

rant in Tail or for Life, or other Person as aforesaid, and to direct such Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, Share, and Proportion, as he, she, or they shall think fit, with Interest for the fame, to commence from the Day of the Death of such Tenant in Tail or for Life, or other Person respectively; and that every such Grant and Demise by way of Charge or Mortgage, and every such Deed, or Will and Tellament made in pursuance of this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, notwithstanding the Want of Title in such Tenants in Tail or for Life, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, or Attornies, or Persons acting as Guardians, Committees, Trustees, or Attornies, or any prior Settlement, Will, Trust, Remainder, Limitation, or other Impediment or Incumbrance whatsoever, of, on, or concerning the said Lands or Grounds then in being or capable of taking Effect to the contrary.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Lessee or Lessees for Life or Lives, or Lessee or Lessees for any Term or Terms of Years determinable with One or more Life or Lives, or for any LefTts or Lessees for any Term or Terms of Years not exceeding Fifty Years from the Commencement, such Lessee or Lessees not being Tenant or Tenants at Rack Rent, or for any Copyholder or Copyholders for One or more Life or Lives, of any such Lands or Grounds which shall be so rated or assessed as aforesaid, by and with the like Consent of the said Commissioners, to be testified as herein-before is mentioned, from Time to Time to charge the several L.eafehold or Copyhold Lands or Grounds which shall be so rated or assessed as aforesaid for the Purposes of this Act, and for securing the Re payment of the fame, with Interest, to demise and grant, for a Term not exceeding Twenty-five Years, the several Lands or Grounds which shall be so rated or assessed, or any Part thereof, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the fame respectively, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; so as such Grants or Detnifes respectively shall be made with the like Proviso or Condition to be void, or with the like Agreement to be surrendered as aforesaid, when the Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied, and so as in every last mentioned Demise and Grant there be inserted a Covenant to pay and keep down yearly the Interest, and to pay off yearly One Twentieth Part of the Principal Money thereby secured, during the Estate or Interest of such Lessee or Lessees, Copyholder or Copyholders, in such Lands or Grounds so to be charged, demised, or granted, such Payment to commence and begin from the Time of making such Assessment; and that every such last mentioned Demise or Grant shall be good, valid, and efteftu'd in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; all which several Demises, Grants, or Mortgages, so to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be transferrable and assignable in like Manner as any other Mortgages are transferable or assignable: Provided always, that no such Lessee or Lessees, Copyholder or Copyholders, shall have Power to charge any such L.eafehold or Copyhold Lands with any Sum or Sums of Money that may be rated or assessed thereon for maintaining and keeping in Repair any of the Works hereby directed to be made and performed by the said Comm'flioners, or with any Sum or Sums of Money that may be rated or assessed thereon by the Commissioners of Sewers.

[Loc. £s* Per ] 11 G

Lessees anJ Copyholders for Lives, etc, to be at Liberty to charge the Lands wi h the Sum assessed, on paying off the intei ell and One Twentieth Part of the Principal yearly.

94-6

Commissioners to borrow any Sum not exceeding j 5,0001, on Mortgage of of the Rates#

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest, of any Person or Persons willing to advance or lend the fame, such Sum and Sums of Money (not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds), as the said Commissioners shall think expedient, towards defraying the Charges and Expences of passing and executing the Powers of this Act, and the Interest thereof, until the fame can conveniently be raised and repaid by and out of the Monies to be collected and raised by the said several Rates and Assessments as aforesaid; which said Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so borrowed by the said Commissioners, shall be a Charge on the Credit of the said Rates and Assessments, and the Money thereby intended to be raised and levied, until the Money so borrowed shall be repaid, with Interest; for the fame; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to raise the said Money upon Credit as aforesaid, and also to mortgage and charge the said Rates and Assessments, and the Money to be thereby raised,- to any Person or Persons who shall agree to advance and lend any Sum or Sums of Money thereon, with such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall so borrow as aforesaid, and which shall be repaid, with Interest, by and out of the first Money that shall, after the Date and Execution of such Charge, be levied and raised by the said Rates and Assessments, or any of them, by virtue of this Act.

Assessments 10

XXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the K-1th M^rey6 Taxes and Assessments to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act, shall borr »cJ, and be charged and chargeable with the Payment of the Principal Money so to Inteieit 1 be borrowed by the said Commissioners, and the Interest thereof, and shall vest in the respective Creditors, upon Default of Payment of such Principal and Interest, at the Time and Times to be appointed for Payment thereof, until the fame and every Part thereof shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof; and the *nd in Default said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, ot; aymant.to shall have the fame Powcts, Rights, and Privileges of receiving, levying, and Creditor;.' recovering the said several Taxes and Assessments payable by the several and respective Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds for and in respect of such Principal Monies and Interest, in case of Default of Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners or their Collectors or other Officers would or could have had by virtue and under the Authority of this Act, in case such Principal and Interest had been regularly and fully paid and satisfied.

Commissioner$ to loilgc Monies it a Baking Hauler, etc

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Money so raised and received by virtue of this Act shall amount to the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, either by way of Charge and Mortgage as aforesaid, or by Collection of the said Rates and Assessments, the same shall be by the said Commissioners transmitted to any respectable Banking House, as the Lid Commissioners shall choose, with the Consent of the Parties, there to be placed to the Credit of the said Commissioners (who shall, if they fee Cause or Occasion for so doing, choose any other Banking House) and that all Drafts to be drawn by the said Commissioners on such Bankers shall specify the Name of the Person to whom such Draft is payable, and the Service or Purpose for which the fame is paid; and the Commissioners 1 are

947

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

are hereby also directed and required at the First Epiphany General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County of Samerfet next after the passing of this Act, to deliver in open Court an Account signed by them of all Monies which at that Time shall have been received and paid by them by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and shall therein specify the exact Balance of such Account, and shall do the like at every ensuing Epiphany Sessions, during so long Time as the Powers of the said C.ommissioners under and by virtue of this Act shall last and continue: Provided nevertheless, that the said Commissioners, or any or either of them, shall not be responsible or accountable for any Loss of such Monies, or any Part thereof, as shall arise or happen from the Failure of any such Bank in which such Money shall or may be kept or deposited.

Commissioners not to be answerable for any Loss occasioned by the Failure of any Banking House.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said powertofum-Commissioners from Time to Time as they shall see Occasion, by Writ- monWitnesstt ing under their Hands, to summon and require any Person or Persons to appear before them at a Day and Place in such Writing to be named, then and there to testify on Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to administer), the Truth touching any Matter relative to the Execution of this Act, and to cause a true Copy of such Writing to be served upon such Person or Persons, or left at his, her, or their lait Place of Abode; and every such Person so summoned who shall not appear before the said Commissioners pursuant to such Summons (except for feme reasonable Cause), or shall refuse to be sworn or fully examined (the reasonable Charges of his or her Attendance, to be settled by the said Commissioners, being to him or her firit paid or tendered) and being thereof convicted before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of SomerJ'et, upon Information thereof on Oath made before any such Justice (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer), shall forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, as such Justice shall think reasonable.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Witness or Witnesses Witnesses who shall be examined by or before the said Commissioners, or any Juf- ^nce'^to b« tice or Justices of the Peace, under this Act upon Oath, shall wilfully guilty of give falle Evidence, and shall be thereof convicted, he, she, or they so giving Periury-false Evidence, shall be subject to the Pains and Penalties inflicted on Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, as Award, soon as conveniently may be after they have completed the several Works directed to be made and done by this Act, and within Four Years and Six Calendar Months next after the said herein-before mentioned Rate or Assessment shall be determined and settled as aforesaid, shall form and draw up, or cause to be formed and drawn up an Award or Instrument in Writing, which shall express and specify the Quantity and Contents in Statute Measure of the Lands and Grounds interested in or aftefted by the said Drainage, or which shall or may in any Respect be benefited thereby, and the Names of the Owners or Occupiers thereof respectively; and which shall also express and specify an Account of all the Bridges, Sluices, Floodgates, Outlets, Cuts, Rivers, Drains, and other Works which are to be maintained and kept in Repair in pursuance of this Act,

together

948

42° GEORGII III. Cap. $8.

together with all proper Orders and Directlons by whom and at whose Expence all and Angular the said new Works which shall be made or directed to be done by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, as well as all other Bridges, Sluices, Outlets, Drains, and other Works which shall come under the Cognizance of the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, shall be thereafter kept and repaired, and shall contain such other Orders and Regulations touching and concerning the same as they the said Commissioners shall think necessary and proper for the Maintenance and Preservation of the said intended Drainage; and shall make and annex thereto a Rate or Assessment on the said several Lands and Grounds so benefited by such Drainage; and shall give Notice in the Newspapers aforesaid that the Draft of such Award or Instrument, and of the said final Rate or Assessment to be annexed thereto, will be produced and open for the Inspection of all Persons interested therein, on Two successive Days in One Week at the City of Wells, and on Two successive Days in the ensuing Week at Axbridge, both in the said County of Somerset (such Notice to be given at lead Twenty Days before the First Day of producing the same as aforesaid, and at lead Forty Days before the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County), and of the Times and Flaces where the said Commissioners will meet to hear and take into Consideration any Objection or Objections which may be made thereto, the last of such Meetings to be held at lead Thirty Days before the said next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to direct and appoint their Clerk, or some other proper Person or Persons, to attend at the Times and Places aforesaid with such Draft of the said Award and Rate annexed thereto, and to differ the same to be inspected and examined by all Persons intereded therein, or their Agents; and if any Person or Persons Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing therein contained, he, she, or they may appeal against the fame at the said next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County; which said Court of Quarter Sessions is hereby authorized and empowered finally to settle and determine the fame, and to order and direct Cods to be paid as they shall think proper, in like Manner as is herein-before directed as to the Fird herein-before mentioned Rate or Assessment; and no Appeal against any of the Matters or Things contained in the said Award shall be brought after such next General Quarter Sessio/is of the Peace to be held after the said Draft of Award shall be left open for such Inspection and Examination as aforesaid, unless the said Commissioners shall consent thereto, and in that Cafe no Appeal shall be brought after the Second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County after such Draft shall be left for Inspection or Examination as aforesaid; which said Award or Indrument, and Rate annexed thereto, w hen finally settled as aforesaid, shall be fairly ingrossed or written on Parchment, and within Three Calendar Months next after such Second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, be signed and sealed by the said Commissioners, and shall, within Two Calendar Months next after the same shall be so signed and sealed, be delivered to the said Clerk of the Peace for the County aforesaid, or his Deputy, to bedeposited and kept with the Rolls of the said County; and the said Commissioners shall cause a Copy thereof, fairly written in a

Book

949

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

Book or Books, to be delivered to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Sewers of the said County (for which they shall respectively give Receipts to the said Commissioners) to the End that Recourse may be had thereto respectively by all Persons interested therein; and for receiving thereof, and for signing such said Receipt, the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, and the said Clerk of the Commissioners of Sewers, shall receive Five Guineas each; and the said Award or Instrument shall be binding and conclusive upon all Persons interested in the said Drainage, and a Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, attelled by the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or by the said Clerk to the said Commissioners of Sewers, shall from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter be admitted and allowed in all Courts as legal Evidence; which said Copy the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or the said Clerk of Commissioners of Sewers, is hereby ordered and required to make and daliver to any Person or Persons requiring the fame, he, she, or they paying for such Copy Eight-pence for every Two hundred Words, and no more; and any Person or Persons interested therein shall be at Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame, paying to every such Officer for Inspection or Perusal One Shilling, and no more.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the said Award or Instrument shall be so executed by the said Commissioners, and delivered to the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, and a Copy to the said Clerk of the Commissioners of Sewers, or either of them as aforesaid (of which the said Commissioners appointed in or by virtue of this Act are hereby directed to give Notice in the several Newspapers as aforesaid), all the Powers of the said Commissioners appointed under or by virtue of this Act shall cease and determine; and the Commissioners of Sewers acting in and for the said County of Somerset shall be inverted with and have the fame and like Power and Authority over all and every the said Cuts, Drains, Yoes, Rhines, Banks, Sluices, Floodgates, Outlets, Engines, Bridges, and other Works, done, made, or executed by virtue of this Act, as they have in or over any of the Rivers, Cuts, Sewers, and other Works appertaining or belonging to the Commissioners of Sewers of the said County, by virtue of any Statute or Law whatsoever; and the said Commissioners ,of Sewers are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to affel's, tax, and charge, according to the said final Rate or Assessment and Charge, all and every the Person and Persons who shall from Time to Time be the Owners or Proprietors of the several Lands and Grounds charged in such final Rate and Assessment and Charge, towards the repairing, rebuilding, new making, or otherwise altering and amending, all and every the said Works intended to be made, done, and executed by the said Commissioners appointed in or by virtue of this Act, and in pursuance thereof, when and as often as the same shall be needful and necessary; and shall and may, in Default of Payment thereof, cause the same to be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means, in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as is herein-before provided and directed with respect to the Recovery of Rates or Assessments by the said Commissioners appointed in or by virtue of this Act.

After the Award shall be executed, the Powers vested in the Commissioners shall tease; and the Commissioners of Sewers shall be veiled with the same.

[Lee. &r Per.-}

11 H

95d

Commissio:!* eisto account.

Penalty for damaging any Works cr ob« strudiing the Execution of this Act.

Indemnity to Pm Tons whose Works or I.and* may be Injured by any new Cut or Cur*, t*c.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. $8.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, and they are hereby required, within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, to make up, settle, and finally close all their Accounts respecting the Execution of this Act, and thereupon to deliver such Accounts signed by them, with all Books, Papers, Writings, and other Matters and Things whatsoever in their Custody or Power relating to this Act, and the Works to be done by virtue thereof, to the said Commissioners of Sewers, at the Sessions of Sewers, or to their Clerk or other proper Person or Officer appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Sewers, and from Time to Time to give a Draft on their Bankers for all or any Part of the Balance remaining unapplied, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of Sewers shall from Time to Time, as the fame may be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, at any Session or Sessions of Sewers order the same to be paid, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act only; and which said Order or Orders of the Sessions of Sewers, shall be a proper Discharge to the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue of or under this Act, for any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be by them drawn for or paid iu pursuance of such Order or Orders as aforesaid.

XLV. And, for preventing the breaking down or damaging any of the Works which shall be made or altered in pursuance of this Act, or otherwise obstructing the Execution of the fame; be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or designedly damage any Cut, Drain, or Watercourse, Floodgate, Outlet, Clice, Sluice, Bridge, or other Work or Works already made or erected, or which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be made cr erected for answering any of the Purposes of this Act, all and every Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cafes of Felony, and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in such Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or the Court may, if they shall think fit, in Mitigation of such Punishment, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petit Larceny; and if any Person shall obstruct, hinder, or moled the said Commissioners appointed in or by virtue of this Act, or the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any of them, or any Surveyor, Workman, or other Person who shall be employed by or under them, or any of them respectively, in the Execution of this Act, or do any wilful Hurt or Mil'chief to prevent the carrying on, completing, and finishing the l'everal Works intended to be done, performed, and executed by virtue ’of this Act, every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XI.VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Damage or Injury whatsoever shall be done to the Warths, Lands, Buildings, Bridges, Sea Walls, or Water Works, or Water Fences, or to any other Works or Property whatsoever, of any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Person

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58. 951

Person or Persons whomsoever, in consequence of making any such new Outlet or Outlets, Floodgate or Floodgates, Sluice or Sluices, Bridge or Bridges, or any new Cut or Cuts, or any Works below, at, or above such new Outlet or Outlets, Floodgate or Floodgates, for the Purpose of more effectually discharging the Waters of the River Axe, and the several Drains connected therewith, into the Bristol Channel aforesaid, or in consequence of widening or deepening the said River Axe, or in consequence of darning, baying, or flopping up any ancient Brooks,

Rhines, Pills, or Watercourses, or removing any Clice or dices erected thereon, or of making any Embankment or Embankments against any Lands adjoining to the said River Axe, or otherwise howsoever, the said Commissioners appointed in and by virtue of this Act shall from Time to Time, as long as the Powers and Authorities hereby given to them shall exist and continue, repair and make good all such Damage and Injury which shall be lb done to the Warths, Lands, Buildings, Bridges, Sea Walls, or Water Works, or Water Fences, or to any other Works or Property whatsoever, of any Person or Persons as aforesaid, and from Time to Time make new and additional Low Water Works and other Water Works where the same shall be necessary, and shall also make proper Satisfaction and Compensation for the fame out of the Monies to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act; and from and after the said Powers of the said last mentioned Commissioners shall cease and determine by virtue of this Act, then such Damage and Injury shall from Time to Time thereafter be repaired and amended, and new and additional Low Water Works and other Water Works shall from Time to Time be made where the fame may be necessary, by the said Commissioners of Sewers, and such Compensation and Satisfaction be made to the several Persons damaged or injured as aforesaid by and out of the Money to be collected by virtue of the Rate annexed to the said Award or Instrument as aforesaid, and which the said Commissioners of Sewers are hereby authorized and required to raise, levy, apply, and pay accordingly; and in case the said Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue of or under this Act, or the said Commissioners of Sewers, and the said Party or Parties, Person or Persons, cannot agree about the Quantum of such Satisfaction and Compensation, then, and in such Case, the same shall be ascertained and settled by a Jury, and in like Manner as the Value of Land or Ground used or taken by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, and any Damage or Injury sustained thereby, herein-before directed to be settled and ascertained.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures for Recovtry and Offences against this Act shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively ^eppa1|l,cdt'°"jf before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Somerset, or for Forfeiture!, the County or Piace where the Offender shall be or reside, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of any credible Witness, be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant), and the Overplus, after such Penalties or Forfeitures, and the Charges of bach Distress and Sale are recovered and deducted,

952 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

dueled, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Goal or House of Correction for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such Time as such Justice shall direct, not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not herein-before particularly directed, shall be paid to the said Commissioners, and be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

glided by

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be irreeuhrity made for any Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself recoverfeciat not deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be Damagesoniy. deemed as Trespasser or Trespasser, on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damages in an Action upon the Cafe.

XLIX. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act; be it further enacted, That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words, to the fame Effect, as the Case shall happen; (videlicet),

Form of Conviction.

7 dE it remembered. That on the Day of

° " ' J in the Year of our Lord

is convicted before me, One of His Majesty's Justices

‘ of the Peace for the said County [or, Place, as the Case may be, speei-

fying the Offence, and Time and Place when and where the fame was

committed]. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year

aforesaid.’

Proceedings not to be quashed Cor Want of Form.

L. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Avail think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, ihen, and in every such Case, (except where die Orders or Determinations of the Paid ComtniAioners, or of any Justices, are directed to be final, binding, or conclusive, or where any other Mode of Relief is appointed' such Person or Persons may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place where such Cause of Appeal shall happen or arise within Three Calendar Months after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, first giving Ten Days Notice at the lead in Writing of such Intention to appeal to the Parties interested therein; and the Justices at such Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Cods as to them in their Discretion shall seem meet and reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to evy the Costs and Charges which shall be so awarded by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, (if any), to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Didrefs and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be binding and conclusive on all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

LII. And be it further enacted, Tha<- no Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought, commenc d, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Thirty Days previous Notice in Writing shall be given by the Person or Persons intending to commence and prosecute such Action, Suit, or Information, to the Person or Persons against whom the same shall be brought, nor unless such Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed, and shall be laid or brought in the County of Somerset, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Suit, or Information, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if such Action, Suit, or Information, shall have been brought or commenced before or after the respective Times so limited for bringing or commencing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if on a Demurrer or otherwise. Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Cofis of Suit in any other Cafe by Law.

11 I

953

APP^I,

Limitation cf A£tiun3.

\Loc. esf Per.]

954 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 58,

[Publick Act.]

LIII. And be it further enacted, That tin's Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*m*m*w* I*

Cap. 59.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, ‘An Act for amending and widening

1 the Roads leading from Stretford’s Bridge in the ‘ County of Hereford, to the New Inp. in the

Parish of Winftanftow, in the County of Salop,

‘ aj-id also the Road from Blue-mantle Hall, near ‘ Mortimer’s Cross, to Aymeftrey, in the said County 1 of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an Act,

‘ made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from 1 Mortimer’s Cross to Aymeftrey Bridge.’

[24th May 1802.]

ILoC'&Per.-] Si K WHEREAS

958

j» Geo.

u Geo. j.

Acts further continued.

Thet Part of the faiil Acts which relates to the Road through Pay-10, repealed.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of, His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Roads leading from Stretford’s Bridge, in the Coun/y of Hereford, to the New Inn in the Parish of Wmftanftow, in the County of Salop, and also the Road from Blue-mantle Hall, near Mortimer’s Cross, to Aymeftrey, in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an Al1 made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Mortimer’s Cross to Aymeftrey Bridge: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term of the said recited Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have made great Progress in the Execution thereof, and have for that Purpose borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, which is still due and owing; but the said Roads cannoc be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, nor the Money borrowed as aforesaid be paid off, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof, which are found inconvenient and dtfeftive, be altered and amended: And whereas that Part of the Road leading from IFigmort, to the New Intt, in the Parish of IVinJlanJlow, in the said County of Salop, which is through Payto, is nearly parallel with the Road leading in the direct Line from Wigmore to the New Inn aforesaid, and is of very little Use to the Publick; and it is expedient that the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, should be discharged from the future Care and Management thereof: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and I emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and in the Twenty-fidt Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all the Clauses, Tolls, Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp DutiesJ, shall be and Continue in full force, and be executed for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, in as full and ample a Manner, and as effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Tolls, Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Matters, and Things were repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act , but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing upon the Credit or on Accouncof the said recited Acts or either of them, cr which may become due or be borrowed on the Credit thereof, and of this Act, and all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said last recited Act as relates to that Fart of the said Road which is through Payto to the New Inn aforesaid, shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed; and that the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, Hull be, and they are hereby absolutely freed and discharged of and from the future Care and Management thereof.

3

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 59,

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Truk tecs for executing the said Acts and this Aftj to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or UAVards the Dise charge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Parts thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be lb applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Land* or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilling undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be loki for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Co fblidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the Lid Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rems and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified by Wriring under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High

Court

959

Application of Compensation Monty where amounting t» tool.

Application where the Compensation is left than too I. and above tot.

960

Application where the Money is left

than 101.

For paying the Expences of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

Term cf this Act.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hcvein-before dirtfted, or otherwise the lame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Ptrrfons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so tar as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passingthis Act, shall be defrayed out of any Money already collected or received by virtue of the said former Acts, or either of them, or out of the First Monies to arise by virtue of the said former Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Act, and as such be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said Acts (subject to the Alterations and Additions herein-before mentioned) and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in Force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaNj Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 60.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, so far as the fame relate to the Road from Henley Bridge in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge in the said County.

[24th May 1802.]

\Loe. fc? Per.2 I1 L

WHEREAS

962

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

9 Geo. a.

7.8 Geo. a*

ai Geo. 3.

Money due on Credit of the first and lait Mentioned Aits.

Acts further continued.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge in the said County, and for widening the said Roads: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign' of His said late Majesty, whereby the Terms and Powers of the said recited Act were enlarged, and the Provisions thereof extended to other Roads therein described: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame related to the Road from Henley Bridge in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge in the said County; and the said last mentioned Roads were from thenceforth to be called and distinguished by the Name of The Henley Di/bift of Roads: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the Roads comprized in the said first and last recited Acts; which are still due and owing, and cannoc be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said recited Acts be further continued, some of the Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased, so far as the fame relate to the said District of Roads: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts of the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall, for the Purpose of amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Henley Bridge in the County of Oxford to Dor-chester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge in the said County, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except so much thereof as relates to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), shall be in force and have Continuance for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all

Sum

963

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

Sum or Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said former Acts, and of such other Sum or Sums of Money as shall be borrowed on the Credit thereof and of this Act, for the Use of the said Ia(t mentioned Roads, and all Interest due or to grow due thereon respectively; and the said last mentioned Roads shall from henceforth be called by the Name of 7he Hsnley Disiritt of Roads.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Honourable and Reverend New Trustee*.

Daniel Finch, the Reverend Isaac Richard Arding, Peers the

younger, John Fane the younger, William Lowndes the younger, John

Cooper, Henry Greenway, the Reverend Henry Heathcote, the Reverend Moulden, Henry Newbury, and Edward Wells, being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees, and shall be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, for putting the said Acts and this Act in Execution, for the Purpose of amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said District of Roads, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed Trustees in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them; and they, and the Survivors of them, are hereby inverted with the Powers and Authorities therein and herein given and enacted for that Purpose.

III. And whereas the Tolls authorized by the said recited Act of the New foil*. Twenty-firrt Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be taken upon

the said District of Roads, are found insufficient; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that instead thereof the following 1'olls shall be taken; (that is to %)>

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Toll!-Cart, or other Carriage, with Fellies or Rollers of Sixteen Inches in Width, or with Axletrees of different Lengths rolling Sixteen Inches on each Side, the Sum of Two-pence; for each Wheel of such Carriage One Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, drawing any Waggon or other Carriage with Four Wheels, rolling on each Side a Surface of Eleven Inches; the Sum of Three-pence; for each Wheel of such Carriage One Penny:

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, drawing any Waggon, Wain,

Cart, or other Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, the Sum of Three-pence; for each Wheel of such Carriage One Penny

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, drawing any Waggon, Wain,

Cart, or other Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, the Sum of Four-pence; for each Wheel of such Carriage One Penny Halfpenny

For

964.

Double Tolls On Sundry.

'Tiullees may ltffen the Tolls.

Empowering the Trustees to divide the

Tolls.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Can, or other Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, the Sum of Four-pence j for each Wheel of such Carriage One Penny Halfpenny

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, Chair* Hearse, or Litter, with Four Wheels, the Sum of Sixpence; with less than Four Wheels the Sum of Three-pence; and for every Horse drawing the said Carriages, the Sum of Three-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, not drawing, laden or unladen, the Sum of Three-pence

For every Ox, Bull, Steer, or other Cattle, drawing any Waggon, \^ain. Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, the Sum of Threepence

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence a Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number

And, for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

IV. And be it further enacted, That Double the Tolls by this Act granted, shall be demanded and taken for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, Chair, Hearse, Litter, or other Carriage, and for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, drawing or not drawing, passing through any of the Gates erected or to be erected upon the said District of Roads by virtue of this or the said recited Acts on a Sunday, w'hich said Tolls shall be and the same are hereby verted in the said Trustees, and may be recovered, levied, assigned, and disposed of in such and the same Manner as is directed by the said recited Acts with respect to the Tolls thereby granted.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, at such Time or Times as they shall think proper, after Fourteen Days Notice in Writing having been given, by affixing the fame upon each of the Gates ended or to be erected upon the said District of Roads, to reduce, lessen, or alter all or any Part of the said Tolls, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Consent of the several Persons who shall have Money due on Security of the said Tolls, having been first obtained in Writing for that Purpose, and to raise the fame again, so as not to exceed the respective Tolls by this Act granted; and the Tolls so reduced, lessened, or altered, shall and may be collected, recovered, and applied in the same Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered

965

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

ed from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to divide the Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken within the said District, into Parts or Proportions, and to eause the same to be collected at such Gate or Gates as they shall think proper, so that the whole Toll to be demanded and collected upon the Whole of the said Henley District, do not at any Time exceed the Tolls by this Act granted, and so that the Tolls to be taken at any Gate or Gates erected or to be erected

on the said Road between the Town of Henley-upon-Thames, and

Benfmgton in the said County of Oxford, or between Benfmgton aforesaid and the Place called the Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Mag-

dalen Bridge, or between Benfmgton aforesaid and Culham Bridge in the said County of Oxford, do not exceed One Half of the Tolls by this Act granted.

VII. And whereas the Exemption* from Tolls granted by the said recited Acts have been found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted, That the Tame shall, on the passing hereof, be, and the same are hereby declared to be repealed; and that instead thereof it is hereby declared, that within the said Henley District of Roads, no Person or Persons shall be charged with any of the Tolls aforesaid, passing through any of the Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, and carrying any Quantity of Stones, Brick, Lime, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or the Bridges thereon, or for amending any of the Highways and Streets in the Parishes or Townships in which the said Roads directed by the said recited Acts and this Act to be repaired do lie, or going or returning through any of the said Turnpike Gates with any Lime, Dung, Mould, Manure, or Compost of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other Carriages, carrying any Hay or Corn in the Straw, or for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other implements of Husbandry employed by such Inhabitants for manuring or flocking of Lands lying within such Parishes, Townships, or Places; nor shall any of the Tolls aforesaid be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church, or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his Sick Parishioners; or of or from any Person or Persons residing in the said Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets in which the said Roads by the said Acts and this Act directed to be repaired do lie, going or parting through the said Turnpikes or Cross Gates to or from their own Parish Church, Chapel, or nearest Place of religious Worship on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places; or for any of the Horses, Geldings, Mares, or other Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, belonging to such Parishes, Townships, or Places; or for any Horse, IVIare, Gelding, or other Cattle of any Person residing in any Parish where any [Lee. & Per.'] it M Gate

Exemptioni from Toll.

g66 42° GEORGII III. Cup. 60.

Gate or Turnpike is or shall be erected, going to be flioed or farried or returning therefrom; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horses or Carriages, of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Post-master General, or in returning back therefrom; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for the Horses of any Soldiers passing, who are upon their March or on Duty, or for any Carts, Carriages, or Waggons attending them, or laden with their Arms or Baggage; or for Horses, Carts, or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Palfes; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calalhes, Chaises, Chairs, or Passengers on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the said County of Oxford, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; any Thing in the said recited Acts or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Trusteesto

VIII. And whereas the Road at the End of the Town of Nettlebed chrfeof Uf" neareH to Benfington, is narrow and inconvenient, and cannot be widened

Piece of and improved without purchasing Part of a Piece of Ground formerly

wideU"the° Pasture, but now occupied as a Garden, lying on the South Well Side

Hoad at thereof, belonging to John Parker: And whereas so much of the said

Ntttititd. Garden as is wanted to widen the said Road, may be taken therefrom

without materially injuring the other Part thereof, the fame not adjoining to any Dwelling House; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to treat, contract, and agree with the said John Parker, or the Persons interested in the said Garden Ground, for the Purchase of so much thereof as shall be wanted for the Purpose of widening the said Part of the said Road; and if the said John Parker, or the Person or Persons entitled to or interfiled in the said Garden Ground, on Notice to him or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses, or other Places of Abode, or at the House of the Tenant in Post'ellion of the said Garden, shall for the Space of Ten Days next after such Notice given or left, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then, and in every such Case, the said Trustees shall cause such Value, Recompence, and Satisfaction, to be enquired into and ascertained in the Manner directed by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes.

Power to

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five

cn*r<dit°ofC^ or more them, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered, the rolls. from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to borrow and take up at Interest such ‘lum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit; and they

967

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

they may and are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to mortgage or assign over the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons, for any Time or Term, as a Security or Securities for the fame, redeemable on Payment of the several Sums of Money that shall be so borrowed, and the Interest thereof, by the following Words, or any other Words to the like Effect, instead of the Mode or Form heretofore used for Assignment thereof; ([videlicet),

c r>Y virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign

of His Majesty King George the Third [here insert the Title of this

1 AET\ We of the Trustees for putting the said Act

‘ and the Acts therein mentioned in Execution, in consideration of the

Sum of to the Treasurer for the said Roads

‘ in Eland paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and demise, unto A. B., his ‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls

arising by virtue of the said Acts, and of the Gates, Turnpikes, and

Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of

‘ doth or shall bear to the whole Sum advanced on the

Credit thereof: To be had and holden from this

Day of until the said Sum of

‘ with Interest at the Rate of per Centum per

Annum, shall be repaid and satisfied.’

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Alignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees; which Book or Books shall be produced to any Person or Persons who shall have advanced Money on the Credit of the said Roads: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to alter or prejudice, or be construed to alter or prejudice the Securities already given, but that the same shall continue to have Priority in the Order they now {land.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Dung, Ashes, Comport, For prevent Manure, or other Thing, shall be unloaded or laid down within One j^r^he Road*. hundred Yards of any of the Gates or Bars erected or to be erected upon the said District of Roads, or within Thirty Feet of the Centre of any such Road, and afterwards be reloaded and laid along the said Road, upon Pain that the Owner or Owners of every Carriage employed therein, or the Driver or Drivers thereof, shall forfeit and pay for the First Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and for every other Offence Forty Shillings, such Sum to be recovered and applied as Forfeitures are by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His late Majesty to be recovered and applied; save only, that the Person or Persons giving Information of any Offence or Offences herein, shall be entitled to a Moiety of such Forfeitures.

XI. And whereas by the said recited Acts of the Ninth and Twenty- Scynuch of eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, reftrajjfss 38 or One of them, the Trustees are restrained from erecting any Turnpike Trustee*fram

or Turnpfkee, Si. repealed.

9^8

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

or Toll House within the Distance of One Mile and an Half from the Market House in the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and within the Didance of One Mile and an Half from the Market Cross in the Town of Hentty-upon-Thames aforesaid; be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts, or either of them, as reflrains the said Trustees from erecting such Turnpikes or Toll Houses as aforesaid, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

Application of

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Moneyn«'hcr" or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Heredita-amountiii"to ments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Acts particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the farfte shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said. Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exiiling undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been

969

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the Money collected or received, or out of the First Monies to be collected or received on the said Roads by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

[Loc. ftf Per.'] u N

Application whrre the Compenfttion Mon-y is less tnau sooA ant] above tob

Application where the Money is left than 101.

For paying the Expene-s of the Att.

[Publick Act.]

97©

Fixing the Ter.n of tf Act.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Terms granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall, upon the passing hereof, cease and determine, and that the said Acts and this Act (so far as the same are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed), shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed, for the Purpose of amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said District of Road, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS*

Cap. 61.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughtony within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Bars at Bought on, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch aforesaid, being the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

[24th May 1802.]

974-

4-2° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

33 Geo. i.

>8 Geo. j.

Acts farther continued.

Additional

Trustte*.

TT T WHEREAS an Act was gafTed in the Thirty-third Year of the A y Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, t An /l£i fnr repairing and widening tie Read from the Ears at Boughton, in the Liberties c.f the City of Cheller, to Whitchurch, and from th-nce to Newport in the County of Salop, to Ivetfey Bank in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Castle Bromwich and Stone Bridge in the Par fa of Hampton-on-Arden, in the County of Warwick, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, in the same County, whereby the said Roads were divided into Four separate Districts, One of which, being the Road leading from the Bars at Houghton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch aforesaid, was called ’The First Dishidi; and separate Trustees were appointed for each Didridt: And whereas an Act was passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the f.tid recited Act: And whereas the Trust-ts appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, for the said First: District, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution within that Dif-trict, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said First Districr, the greatest Part of which isftill due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor the said District of Road be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said last recited Act be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions of the said respective Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said First District, be altered and enlarged, in Manner hereinafter mentioned: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Power, Authorities, Provisions, Exemptions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), lo far as the lame relate to the said First District of Road, shall be and continue in full Force, and be executed, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in as full and ample a Manner, and as effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as it the fame were repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained; and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and that this Act, and the additional Term and Toils hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on the Account of the said recited Acts, or either of them, with relpedl to the said First District of Road, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act,' fortheUfe of the said First District of Road, and the Intcieft due and to grow due thereon.

II. And be it further enacted, That Robert Aldersey, George Allanfon Clerk, fames Bromfield, Samuel Tate Benyon, Ambrose Brooke, Samuel Broadburjt, Charles Clarke, William Congrave, John Capper, Thomas Crewe

God,

975

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

TW, Drake, Thomas Dixon, Richard Dutton, Francis E^erlon Clei k,

John Egerton, Charles Etbeljlone Clerk, Wiikjlead Clerk, Philip

Egerton Clerk, Charles Gibbons, William Garnet Clerk, Reginald Haber Clerk, Sir Thomas Hanmcr Baronet, John Hignett, Townsend Ince, Bell Ince, David Jenks Clerk, Thomas Jenkins, the Right Honourable Lord Kilmory, John Knight, William Kent Clerk, Thomas heigh of Handley,

7°^" Leche, John Larden Doflor of Physic, JcJepb Lee, Sir Ofwcld Mofley Baronei, Thomas Mo.Jfie, Richard Mrffie Clerk, Jonathan Nickfon,

William Nicbells, 7^>w Onrton, Thomas Orton, Joseph Pcarfe, Thomas Tarleton, Thomas Trever Clcik, Thomas Taylor, John Barnes Watson, and Thomas Ward Clerk, shall be anil are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed in and by the said recited Acts, with respect to the said Fit ft District of Road; and that the said Trustees hereby appointed, and their Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act, are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed by the said recited Acts, or either of them, with respect to the said First District.

III. And whereas in and by the said first recited Act it is provided and Repeil of enacted, that no Person or Persons shall be liable to pay Toll more than vemn/more Once for passing or repafiing at any Time or Times in any One Day (to th»n One be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the tI(£1c'nbtlnE Clock in the succeeding Night), with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beasts, t>r through the Carriages, through all or any of the Turnpikes to be erected by virtue whole Dif-of the said Act, upon the Road, and on the Sides thereof, in each respect tive District, and across any Lane or Way leading into the fame respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons, after having paid Toll Once, and producing a Ticket or Tickets, Note or Notes, denoting the Payment of such Tolls, should afterwards pass with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Carriages, Toll-free during such Day, through all the Turnpikes in and belonging to the respective District wherein or in relation where to such Tolls are paid: And whereas the fame is found to be prejudicial to the effectually improving and keeping in Repair such Parts of the said Roads as is comprized in the said First District; be it therefore enacted, That the same shall be and is hereby declared to be repealed, so far as the fame relate to the said First Districr.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, after having paid Toll Once at any Turnpike erected or to be erecred upon the First District between the said City of Chester, and a certain publick House fuuate at Barnhill, in the Township of Broxton, in the County of Chester, known by the Sign of The Feathers, and now in the Occupation of Daniel Urmfen, and producing a Note or Ticket, or Notes or Tickets, denoting the Payment thereof, shall afterwards pass and repass with the lame Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Carriages, Toll-free during such Day, through any other Turnpike or Turnpikes erected or to be erecred upon the said Road from Chester to Barnhill; and and that in like Manner all and every Person and Persons, after having paid

Toll

Only One Toll to be taken on One Day on the Chester Di-vition after mentioned. The like on the Whn church Division after mentioned.

97^ 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

Toll Once at any Turnpike erected or to be erected upon the said First Lillrict, between Barnhill aforesaid and the Town of Whitchurch aforesaid, and producing a Note or Ticket, or Notes or Tickets, denoting the Payment thereof, shall afterwards pass and repass with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beatis, and Carriages, Toll-free during such Day, through any other Turnpike or Turnpikes erected or to be erected upon the said Lft mentioned Part of the Paid Hoad.

Arp'ieaticm V. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or

Money awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or

where used by virtue of the Powers of the said first recited Act, for the Purposes to thereof, which firall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be prefeired in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and P.o-fits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or hereditaments (lauding settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Llereditaments, which shall be conveyed and lettled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments

which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, (food set-

tled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of

Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Tlvee Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the (a d Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would fur the Time being have been entitled to the Rents or Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Dlfability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments, so putchafed, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed , or otherwise the same shall be paid, (at the like Option), to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Person* whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Terms granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall, upon the passing hereof, cease and determine, and that the said Acts, so far as the same are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed, for the Purpose of amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Road leading from the Bars at Boughton, within the \Loc. ft? Per.] u P Liberties

977

Application whete Com-peiUstion does not amount to 20ol. and shall exceed 20 /.

Application where the Money is let* than lo

Fuhlich Ait.

Fixing the Term of the Act.

97# 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

Liberties of the City of Chester to Whitchurch, in the said County of being the First District of Road as comprised in the said first recited Act, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Akprew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

)H*tSMi:ft*tHW*5Me*

Cap. 62.

An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Worthing., in the Parish of Broadwater in the County of Sussex, by Findon, Washington Hill, Roch, and Ashington Comtnon, to Dial Post, and from thence, by Nep Castle and Baybridge Lane, to the Stemming Turnpike at WeslGrinJled Park in the said County.

[24th May 1802.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the Town of Worthing, in the Parish of Broadwater in the County of Sussex, by Findon, Wash~ ington Hill, Rock, and Ashington Common, to Dial Post, and from thence, by Nep Castle and Baybridge Lane, to the Stcyning Turnpike at West Grinstead Park in the said County, is very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: May it therefore p!ease Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present [Lee. y Per.] 11 Parliament

982

Other Truf* tees to be chosen Oil the Death or Refut'd to act.

Qualification of Trustee3.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sir Cecil Bifshopp Baronet, Sir Charles Merrick Burrell Baronet, Walter Burrell, Edward B rker, William Borrer, Cecil Bifsbop, Thomas Bufbby, Charles Coppard, John Croft, John Gratwick Challen Clerk, Roger Cluff Clerk, John Dennett, Barnard Dickerson, Thomas Drewelt, James Dixon, Dawson, William Frankland, Caleb Fletcher, Charles Goring of Wiston, Charles Goring of High don, Charles Goring of Rowdell, Charles Groome of Newham, Thomas Groomc of the same Place, William Gill, William Gratwick, Thomas Hatch Clerk, George Henty, Thomas Henty, William Heath, Thomas Holmes, Robert Hurst, John Jeffery, I/aac Jeffery, John James, James Martin Lloyd, Charles Lamb, John Lyall, Henry Lane, John Metcalf Doctor in Divinity, William Margeffon, John Markwick, John Markwick junior, Thomas Charles Medwin, Richard Milles Clerk, John Newland, Richard Newland of Tortington, Edward Ogle, George Olliver, James Penfold, Hugh Penfold of Wickham, Hugh Penfold the younger, of the same Place, Hugh Penfold of Wiggenholt, Peter Penfold, John Penfold, Edward Philips Clerk, George Porter, Caleb Rickman, John Rice, Thomas Rawson, Byfhe Shelley, Timothy Shelley, William Street, Charles Stanhope, John Woodward Clerk, Peter Wood Clerk, Henry Warren Clerk, Richard Walker, Thomas Wittington, and their Success’ors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed, Trustees for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

II. And ue it further enacted, That when any of the Trustees herein-before named, or to be elected as herein-after mentioned, shall die or refuse to act, or be disqualified, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to elect and appoint One other Person in the Room of every Trustee so dying or refusing to act, or becoming disqualified; but Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election shall be given by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Ga,es which by virtue of this Act shall be then erected and set up, and by Advertisement in the Lewes Journal, or fonie other Newspaper printed or circulated in the said County, at lead Ten Days before every such Meeting; and every Person who shall be so elected and appointed, is hereby veiled with the lame Powers and Authorities for putting this Act in Execution, as any Trustee hereby appointed is veiled with.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, while he holds any Place of Profit under the fame, nor in any particular Cafe wherein he shall be personally interested, other than as a Creditor; nor shall any Person be qualified to act as a Trustee, unless he shall at th» Time of his acting be, in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of an Annuity of Fifty Pounds a Year, ilfuing out of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person having such Ertateof the clear yearly Value ot One hundred Pounds, or be possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount of Eight hundred Pounds, nor until he shall have taken and subscribed before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby

authorized

983

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

authorized to administer the same, an Oath, in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

1 A.B. do swear, that I truly and bond fide am, in my own Right [jjr, 4 in the Right of my Wife] in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or

Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes for, ' am possess.d of an Annuity of Fifty Pounds a Year, iduing our of 1 Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; or, am posselfed of or entitled

to a Personal Estate of the Value of Eight hundred Pounds after all my

Debts are paid; or, am the Heir Apparent of A. B., who, to the belt of my Knowledge, is seised of a Real Estate of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds].

'So help me GOD.’ And if any Person disqualified by any of the causes aforesaid, or not being qualified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is so qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecution, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that such Acts and Proceedings as shall have been done and performed by any such Person, touching the Execution of this Act, previous to his being convicted of the Offence before mentioned, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act: Provided always, that any Mortgagee or Assignee of any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by this Act, cr receiving Interest thereout for the fame, shall not on that Account be deemed unqualified to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but that the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or

Suit, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Clerk shall be reimbursed out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, or Expences, as he shall be put unto or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made a Plaintiff or Defendant.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet together at the House of William Brown, known, by the Name or Sign of The Chequer, in Sieyning in the County of Sussex

aforesaid.

Oath.

Penalty on ailing if not qualified.

Mortgagees may ait.

Traders may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk.

Trustees First Meeting

984

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

aforesaid, on the Second Monday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and (h II then and from Time to Time after adjourn themselves tc meet at such Time and at such Place or Places near the said Road as they shall think proper; and that Two Trustees present at any Meeting shall be sufficient for the Purpose of adjourning; and that if at any Meeting the re shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn to another Day, or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall not adjourn themselves, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees shall adjourn the Meeting to the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to have been held, or was held, as the Case may be, and to such Time as he shall think fit, not exceeding Twenty-one nor less than Ten Days from the Time of the last Default, and shall thereof give Notice by Writing affixed on all the Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act; and in case no Adjournment, Notice, or Appointment shall be made or given as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for any Five of the said Trustees to cause Notice in Writing to be affixed on all the Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act, appointing the Trustees to meet at such Time and at such Place in or near the said Road as they the said Five Trustees shall think proper, not exceeding as to the Time Three Weeks, nor less than Ten Days from the Time of affixing such Notice; and the Trustees shall at their several Meetings pay their own Expences; and all Orders and Determinations of the Trustees in the Execution of this Act, made at M e'- shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance thereof, and not other- the Majority11 w*'e (except in Cafes hereby part cularly provided for); and that no Order to concur. or Determination shall be valid, unless the major Part of the Trustees present shall concur therein, the whole Number of Trustees present at every such Meeting not being less than the Number of Trustees by this Trultecsbeing Act authorized to make such Order or Determination; and that all such Trustees as are in the Commission of the Peace, may act as Justices in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except in such Cases where they shall be personally interested; and in all Cafes where the Trustees, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace are authorized to examine any Person or Persons on Oath, it shall be lawful for such Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or Justice or Justices, to admi-Ordersnotto nitter such Oath; and that no Order made by Five or more Trustees be revoked bit shall be revoked or altered, unless Nine Trustees shall be present, and the

hi1 Nil# I I II:- , _ , 1 1 r*

maior Part of them concur therein, at a Meeting to be held ror that Purpose, of which intended Alteration Fourteen Days Notice (halt be given at a previous Meeting of the Trustees, and entered in the Books of Proceedings; and such Notice shall be affixed on all the Turnpikes which by virtue of this Act shall be then erected. Ten Days at lead before such Meeting.

Trustee* to pay their own fcxptnces. Order* to he

May aJromif-ter Oaths.

by Nine Tru;-tec*.

Meeting.on

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after any Emergencies. Adjournment of the said Trusttes it shall at any Time be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, the Clerk, by an Order in Writing figi.ed by Five or more of the acting Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting), mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose oi such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting in the Manner last herein befo.e directed, such Time not being less than Fourteen Days after such Notice; and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such

Meetings

4 20 GEORGII III. Cap. 62. 9S5

Meetings shall be as valid as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of orders, tic. to the I'ruflees shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Pur- beentered-pose; and such OrdeTS and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the Trustees making the same, or by their Clerk; which Book or Books, and also the Book or Books herein-after directed to be kept for registering Mortgages and Alignments, or Transcripts thereof, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five officerstobe or more of them, shall and may from Time to Time, by Writing under aPPolnted' their Hands, appoint One or more Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Trea-

lurers. Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as they the said I rustees shall think necessary; and from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers, and on the Death or Deaths, Removal or Removals of such Officer or Officers, may appoint others in their ‘'tead; but Fourteen Days Notice shall be given, in Manner last aforesaid, of every Meeting where any such Appointment shall be made after the First Meeting of the said Trustees; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries, and make such Allowances to such Officers and other Persons employed for their Services, in or about the amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road, or any Part thereof, or otherwise in putting this Act in Execution, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think reasonable.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Treasurer to or more of them, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to giveSccu.ity. take such Security, from the Treasurer or Ireasurers, and Collectors

and Receivers of the Tolls, to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall feein meet; and No Viaualler

that no Person shall be capable of holding any Place of*Profit under this Act, who fell Wine, Cyder, Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors by

Retail.

X. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers, and all other officers toac-Perfor.s who shall be appointed under or by virtue of this Act, shall from coumonOath. Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any

Five or more of them, deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account, in Writing under their respective Hands, of all onies which shall have been by them respectively had, collected, or received by virtue of this Act, and how, and to whom, and for what Purposes the fame and every Part thereof hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall verify the Accounts upon Oath ("which Oath any One of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer); and such Officers and Persons shall and they are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies, as upon the Balance [Loc. ft? Per.'} 11 R of

986

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

of such Account or Accounts shall appear to be in his or their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same; and if any of the said Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to render and give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof on Oath, or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid; or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Fourteen Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their respective Custody or Power, anyways relating to the Execution of this Act or to the said Road; and Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Refusal to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall live and reside, by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons on their Behalf, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required to summon such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons to appear before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not appearing, except for some reasonable Excuse, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in such Manner as the said Trustees might have done; and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, against; whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been so collected or received, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of levying the fame, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place by him appointed for thac Purpose (except for some reasonable Excuse), or if appearing, shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to the said Justice an Account or Accounts of the’ Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truth of such Accounts, or of the Articles thereof upon Oath as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their Custody or Power relating so the Execution of this Act or to the said Road, then and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, the said Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol of the County where he or they shall live and reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have delivered in and settled his or their Accounts, and have verified the fame on Oath, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale as shall in that Respect have been made, or until he or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the fame, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them,

7 or

987

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Compofuion the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby in such Case empowered to make), or until he or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but no such Officer'or other Person who shall be committed on Account of his not having sufficient Goods and Chattels as aforesaid, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Time than Six Calendar Months.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Col- em

lector or Receiver of the Tolls shall neglect or be incapable of perform- pP, Pa-y co" ing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, any Three or mote of le'-‘or*-the said Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting of the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and may lawfully discharge such Collector or Receiver; and in such Case, and also in case any Collector or Receiver shall die, such Trustees as aforesaid shall and may nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver o( the Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the Trustees, which Person so nominated and appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all Respects as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his said Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die cr be discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building to be erected or set up by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Ten Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, by any Three or more of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, then and in any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, by Warrant un ler his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any C.onstable or other P.ace Officer for the same County, with such Assistance as (hah be necessary, to enter such House or Building, in the Day Time, and to rein >ve the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Two of them, or their new appointed Officer, into the Post'eftion thereof. ' .,'f.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Power to erect or more of them, shall and may erect or set up and build, or cau e to be Gates* erected, set up, and built upon, in, or across the said Road, Three Gates

or Turnpikes, and a Toll House to each Gate or Turnpike, with Outbuildings suitable thereto, and take in and inclose on the Sides of the said Road convenient Garden Spots for each Toll House as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper and direct or appoint , One of which Toll Gates shall he erected and set up at or near 1"mill Pond, at the Entrance into the Village of Worthing, in the Parish of Broadwater; One other of which Gates shall be erected or set up at or near JJhington Common, and the other of the said Gates at or near Dial Pojt, in the Parish of West Grinstead in the said County; and that the several Tolls loUowingfhali be demanded and taken at each of the Gates or Turnpikes,

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say),

At the Gate at or near Dial Post:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock, or other Bead of Draught, drawing in any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage of the like Nature, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, the bum of Sixpence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock, or other Bead drawing in any other Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny: For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: For every Drove of Calves, Pigs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in Preportion for any greater or less Number

At the Gate at or near Ashington Common the like Tolls; (that is to say).

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock, or other Bead of Draught, drawing in any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage of the like Nature, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Sixpence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock, or other Bead, drawing in any other Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: For every Drove of Calves, Pigs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

At the Gate at or near Worthing

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Horle, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock, or other Bead of Draught, drawing in any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage of the like Nature, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock, or other Bead, drawing in any other Carriage, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: For every Drove of Calves, Pigs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Two-pence Halfpenny per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

989

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Toll, and shall be and are hereby vetted in the said Trustees, and shall be applied as herein-after is directed; and if any Per- Penalty on re. fonor Persons, subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, 10pay after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, it shall 1 °‘ be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed to collect such Toll , by hitn-self, herself, or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he, she, or they shall think necessary (and which Assistance all Persons are hereby required to give if called upon), to fcize and distrain any Horses or other Cattle or Beads, together with their Bridles, Saddles, Gears, Harness, Accoutrements, or a sufficient Part thereof; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress, shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days after such Distress made, the Person or Persons so distraining shall and may fell the Horse or Horses, Cattle, or other Things so distrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus (if any be) and what shall remain unfold, upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and reasonable Charges for making such Distress and keeping and felling the fame, shall be deduded and paid.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall at any Time think it at A^in^ton necessary and ptoper to lessen the Tolls at the Ashington Common and Dial Post Gates from Two-pence to One Penny fora Horse, Mare, Gelding, i,° tronhlg Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing that then and in such GatetibeOoe Cafe the Sum of One Halfpenny only shall be taken at the Worthing Gate, haf^>'nnJ, for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Power to ereA and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to cause to be s'-e<-’atea-erected One or more Turnpike or Turnpikes on the Side or Sides of the said Road, and a Toll House to such Turnpike, upon, in, or near unto, or across any Road or Lane that doth or shall lead into or out of any Part of the said Road, and at such Turnpike or Turnpikes to cause to be taken and levied such Tolls as are by this Act granted and made payable at any Turnpike by virtue thereof, so as the fame do not extend to a double Charge upon any Person passing through any other of the Turnpikes erected by virtue of this Act.

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be con- Not to put

(trued to extend to empower or in any Manner authorize the said Truf- Gate on Road tees, or any of them, to ered or set up or cause to be erected or set up °m

any Turnpike or Turnpikes upon or across any Part of the Road leading Bridge to from Shoreham Bridge to Arundel, over which the Road to be made by 'irundel-virtue of this Act is intended to pass; any Thing in this Act contained

to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, That in all Cafes Two Oxen shall be considered Two Oxen to

as One Horse in the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby granted, when considered

drawing in any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage as aforesaid, and passing °’e H '

through any of the Gates erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act.

QZ.ec. fs? Per.~\ 11 S

ggo 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

c-riji*?"

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dif" tobelctt'cii pute shall happen about the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Charges of by a justice. keeping any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector, or Person dif-training, to retain the fame, or the Money arising by Sale thereof, as the Case may happen, until the Quantity of the Tolls due, and Charges of making such Distress and of keeping and felling the fame, shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace of the County; who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter upon Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses, and determine the Quantity of the Tolls due, and also assess the Charges of such Distress, Keeping, and Sale, and also of the Collector’s Attendance for that Purpose on the said Justice; all which Sums so determined or assessed, shall be paid to the said Collector or other Person, before he shall be obliged to return the Distress, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

ToNsc0"XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or tentWitnesses. Litigation shall arise, touching or in any wise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be and are hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

Toil, to be

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be subject or paid but once liable to pay more than Three Tolls in any-one Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in One Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night, for passing and repassing with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, through all or any Gate or Turnpike, Gates or Turnpikes, to be erected by virtue of this Act, between Worthing and the Horsham and Steyning Turnpike Road, at the Corner of West Gtinjlead Park; but that all and every Person and Persons having paid the said Three foils in the Whole, and such Person producing a Ticket denoting that the respective Toll hath been paid on that Day (which Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis), shall Once pass and repass the same Day, with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Carriages, Toll-free, through all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected on the said Road by virtue of this Act; but if any Person or Persons shall pals through any Gate or Turnpike a Third Time, with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages, then and in such Case such Person or Persons shall again be liable to pay the said Toll, and so toties quotlcs, for every Third Time the said Person or Persons shall pass the same Day through the fame Gate or Turnpike on the said Road, with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages as aforesaid.

To'is to be di-

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, oranyFiyeor Tilled, 1=(Ten- more of them, may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, altered.’* ’ from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to lessen, vary, or alter all or any Part or Parts of such Tolls, at all, any, or either of the said Turnpikes, and to raise the fame again, so as they do not exceed the Tolls by this Act granted; but no such Alteration, Variation, or Reduction shall be made, unless Notice in Writing be given for that Purpose, by affixing the fame upon all the Turnpikes erected by virtue of this Act, at least Ten Days before the Meeting for making such Reduction; nor shall any such Reduction be made without the Consent of the Person or Per-

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62. 99

fons who shall be entitled to One Half of the Money which shall have been borrowed, and be then due and owing on the Credit of the said Road; and such Tolls so lessened, varied, or altered, shall be collected, recovered, and applied in the same Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall fr*xoU*. be demanded or taken for any Carriage, or any Horse, Cattle, or Bead

laden only with, or going unladen for, or returning unladen after having been laden only with (on the same Day") Gravel, Stone, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which such Road doth lie, or Hay, or Corn in the Straw, not fold or dispoi'ed of; nor for any Cattle passing from Worthing to or from the Common called Tevill Common, toPaflure or Water; nor for any Manure, Fodder, Dung, Lime for Improvement of Land, or other Manure and Implements of Husbandry; norshall any Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken from any Person refidinginany of the said Parishes, who shall pass through any Toll Gate or Turnpike to or from Church,

Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship on Sundays, or any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or for any Horse or Horses carrying the Mail or Packet; or for any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March, or upon Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any lick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; or for any Cattle or Carriage employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Paflfes; or for any Horses carrying or conveying any Person or Persons to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament fonhe laid County of Sussex, during the Time of such Election; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of Penalty on any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, em.Tions un-such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding lawfully. Forty Shillings nor less than Thirty Shillings.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, To prevent with any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, pass through or over any Tons"8 Land, Ground, or Place lying by the Side of or near to any Part of the said Road, or if any Person or Persons owning or occupying any such Land, Ground, or Place, the fame not being a publick Highway, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pass with any Horse,

Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, through or over the fame, whereby the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or shall give to or receive from any other Person or Persons, any Note or Ticket by this Act directed to be given by the Collector of the Tolls; or if any Person or Persons <?r fak‘nsoff shall at any Time, with Intent to avoid the Payment of any of the said i to avoid Tolls, unload, or cause to be unloaded, any Sort of Goods or Payment of Merchandize, or take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse or iollS' other Beast from any Carriage, or having passed through any Turnpike shall afterwards add or put any Horse or other Beast to any such Carriage, with an Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, or if any Person or Persons shall do any other Act, in order or with Intent to avoid the Payment thereof, or any Part thereof, every such Person

992

Trustees may comp und fur Tolls.

Tmflees may lease the Tolf

Turnp'kesto

h_- >eiled In Trustees.

For borrowing Money.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

son so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall for each Offence forfeit any Sutn not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the salt! Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to compound and agree with any Person or Persons for the passing of any Cartiage, Horses. Beasts, or other Cattle travelling on the said Road, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect thereof, for any Term not exceeding One Year at any One Time; which Composition Money shall be paid in Advance, quarterly or otherwise, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, and in Default of such Payment, the Composition or Agreement with the Person or Persons making such Default, shall from thenceforth be void; and all such Composition Money shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls are hereby directed to be applied.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, upon Thirty-one Days Notice to be given thereof upon all the Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act, and advertising the fame in some Newspaper usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to let or farm the Tolls arising by this Act, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to take or farm the fame, from Year to Year, or for any Part of the Term hereby granted, not exceeding Three Years at any One letting, upon publick Bidding to the highest Bidder, and for the belt Price such Trustees can get for the fame, payable at such Times and in such Manner, and under such Covenants, and with such Sureties for the Payment thereof, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall mink fit; which Money so to be paid, shall be applied and disposed of as the Tolls granted by this Act are directed to be applied and disposed of.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all the Turnpike Gates, Bars, Rails and Fences, Toll Houses arid Buildings, which shall be erected by virtue of this Act, with their Appurtenances, and of the Materials for budding or repairing the fame, and for complet. ing and repairing the said Road, and all such Materials made Use of for the Purposes of this Act, or collected to be made Use of, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to dispose of the same as they shall think proper, and to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, or to prefer or cause to be preferred any Bill or Bills of Indictment, against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take away, break, or damage the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, or disturb them or their Agents or Servants in the Possessioa thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to borrow and take up at Interest, upon ihe Credit of the Tolls payable by virtue of this Act, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, and to mortgage and afUgn the said

993

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, and any of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, (the Costs and Charges of such Mortgages to be paid out of such I oils respectively) to any Person or Persons or their Trustees, who shall advance or lend their Monies thereon, for any Time or Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums of Money that shall be so borrowed, and thelnterest thereof as aforesaid, by the following Words, under their Hands, or by any other Words to the like Eft'eft; (videlicet),

nY virtue of an Act made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of

His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, \_bere set forth the Title

4 cf this AcWe, Five of the Trustees of the said Road, in Confide-‘ ration of the Sum of to the

Treasurer of the said Road in Hand paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and ‘ demise unto A. B., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such

Proportion of the Tolls arising from the said Road, and of the Turn-

pikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum due

and owing on the Credit thereof, or charged upon the Term of the said Act, to be had and holden from this Day of

in the Year of our Lord for

and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.’

And that Copies of all such Mortgages and Alignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; but no Money shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls after the First Meeting, unless Notice be for that Purpose affixed in Writing upon all the Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act, at least Twenty-one Days before the borrowing thereof, and the Intention thereof be also advertised Twice at least in some Newspaper usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Alignment shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the fame, is and are hereby empowered ffom Time to Time to align over or transfer such Security or Securities, or any Share thereof, and all or any Part of the Monies due thereon, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by igning an Instrument to be annexed to such Security, or by an Indorsement on the fame, in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect; (videlicet),

I A.B. do hereby transfer the within Mortgage [if by Indorsement, or if by a separate Instrument, a certain Mortgage]; bearing Date the

Day of of the Tolls arising on the Road to

be amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by virtue of an Act made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this A£f\, and all my Right and Title to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, unto C. D.t his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of A. B'

All which Transfers shall be produced or notified to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, within Twenty-one Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before mentioned Book or Books, specifying the Dates and Names, Additions and [Xec. £s* Per.] r 1 T Places

Form of Afr" (ignmeAt.

Form of Transfer.

994

All Creditors to be (teemed equal in Degree.

For Payment of the Sixpences ot passing this Act.

Fuither Application tf Maney.

For g'tting Materials to repiir the Road.

Private

Ground.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

Places of Abode of the several Parties, and the Sum or Sums of Money therein t tnsferred; for which the said Clerk or Clerks shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more, by the Person or Persons to whom such respective Transfers shall be made; which said Book or Books shall and may be inspected at all seasonable Times by any Person or Persons whomsoever, and the Sum of Two Shillings, and no more, shall be paid to such Clerk or Clerks for every such Inspection; and after such Entry made, but not till then, every such Transfer shall entitle such Assignee, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Alligns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so toties qunties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made any such Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the original Mortgage or Assignment, or any Monies due thereon.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be given

to any Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, his, her, or their Assignee or Assigns, in respect to the Priority of the Mortgage or Assignment, or of advancing such Sum or Sums of Money; but that all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, his, her, and their Assignee and Assigns, shall be (in Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned) Creditors on this Act, and in equal Degree One with another.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That out of the First Monies that shall be raised by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall pay and discharge all the Cods, Charges, and F.x-pences relative to the procuring and parting this Act, in Preference to any other Payment whati'oever; and after Payment thereof, all such Money which shall come to the Hands of the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, shall be from Time to Time applied in the Execution of this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and all such Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, gather, get, and take away, any Stones, Gravel, Chalk, Furze, Iieath, Sand, or other Materials, for amending, al’eiing, improving, or repairing the said Hoad, out of any Wade or Common, River or Brook, in any Parish, Hamlet, Toiynship, or Place, in, atlj lining to, or lying, near the said Road, or in any neighbouring Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame; they the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or ’Persons, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Grpupd, or Hoping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to' Passengers or Cattle; and if sufficient Quantity of Materials cannot be had or found in or upon any such Waste or Common, River or Brook, then and in such Case the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, search for, dig, gather, and take away any such Materials, in and out of the Lands, Fields, or Groui ds of any Person or Persons where the fame may be had or found (such Lands, Helds, or Grounds, not being a Garden, Oicnard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of

9 Ground

995

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

Ground planted and set apart as a'Nursery for Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done to the Owners and Occupiers of any such Lands, Fields, or Grounds, where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, and carried a way, or over which the fame or any other Materials for amending, altering, improving, or repairing the said Road shall be carried, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such’

Pavintents and Damages, any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Sussex, shall and may, on Six Days Notice thereof being given in Writing by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or by them to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or to be left at their respective Places of Abode, hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payments and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Juff ices therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be Notice to he lawful for any Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons, under the Au- occupiu's If thority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away, any Mate Lands before rials for the Purposes of this Act, out of or from any inclosed Land or ^tiTt.ikeiV' Ground, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been, therefrom, given to the Land Owner or his Agent, or to the Occupier of the Pre-

mises from which such Materials are intended to- be taken, or left at the House or last or utual Place of Abode of such Occupier, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or any, One or mere Justice or Justices of the Peace acting, in and for the County wherein such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such LandOwner,

Agent, or Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or such Justice or Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Persons to dig, gather, get, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees, or to such Justice or Justices fhfdi fifem proper; and if fijeh Land Owner or Occupier shall (except for some reasonable Excuse) neglect or refuse to appear by hiinftlf or herself, or Agent, the said Trustees, or such Justice or Justices, shall and may r. ice such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent, had attended.

- v a: ' O -.id.l'iT

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall Penalties on take away any Materials which have been dug, gathered, or got in any Mueriids^ lands. Fields, Grounds, Wades or Commons, Rivers or Brooks, for the Purposes of this Act, or shall get or take away any RJaterials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting '

Materials for the said Road, before'the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Fourteen Days (except , k

the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized r;'

by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein, for his own private J

Use only and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings. V;

996

For removing

Annoyances.

Agamft drawing Timber exespt on Wheel Carriage!.

Dung,//r. not to be laid on the Sides of the Road.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Persons as he or they shall appoint, from Time to Time to remove all Annoyances made on any Part of the said Road, by Timber, Stones, Carriages, Saw Pits, Hovels, Filth, Dung, Arties, Rubbish, Straw, or otherwise, and dispose of the fame for the Benefit of the said Road; and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains running along, into, or out of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, cleanse, widen, and make deeper any Watercourses or Ditches adjoining or near thereto, and make the same as deep and large as he or they shall think necessary, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees, Branches, Shrubs, or Bullies growing in the said Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, and to take and carry away the fame respectively, and dispose thereof for the Benefit of the said Road, and to cut and reduce all such Hedges to the Height of Four Feet; in case the Persons occasioning such Annoyances, shall neglect to remove the fame, or the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands shall neglect to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or deepen such Wacercourses oi Ditches, or to lop or top and remove such Boughs, Bufties, or Lops, or reduce such Hedges in such Manner as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall require, for the Space of Six Days, or to cut down such Trees within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after Notice in Writing given for those respective Purposes, under the Hand of such Surveyor or Surveyors; the Charges whereof (to be settled by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them) shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, the same to be recovered in such Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be recovered; and such Owners or Occupiers so neglecting to open, deepen, and cleanse such Watercourses or Ditches, or to cut and reduce such Hedges within the Time aforesaid, after such Notice given, shall likewise forfeit for every Foot in Length, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, over and besides the Charges to be settled as aforesaid; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every such Person shall for every such subsequent Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, over and above the Penalty and Charges before mentioned.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall draw or cause to be drawn upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage, to drag or trail upon any Part of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Dung, Ashes, Comport:, Manure, or other Thing, shall be unloaded or laid down from any Carriage within One hundred Yards of any of the Turnpike Gates or Bars erected by virtue of this Act, or upon the Sides of the said Road, within Thirty Feet of the Centre of such Road, upon Pain that the Owner or Owners of every Carriage so employed, or the Driver or Divers thereof, shall forfeit for each and every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five

Pounds

997

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Paid T°P1,ke Surveyor, or such Person or Persons as he or they Hi all appoint or employ and biTild and (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose from the repaiiBridgta. laid Trultres, or any Five or more of them), to make or cause to be made causeways, and also covered or opened Drains aed Ditches, in and upon

or on the Sides of the said Road, and also through any Grounds or Fields lying contiguous thereto, and to scour such Ditches and Drains, so as effectually to carry off the Water from any Part of the said Road, and also to make or cause to be made a Road through the Grounds or Fields adjoining or lying near to any hollow Way, narrow or ruinous Part of the said Road (such Ground respectively not being the Ground whereon any House or other Building Hands, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, or planted Walk or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), to be made Use of as a publick Highway whilst the old Road is repairing or widening, and until such Time as it shall be convenient for Passengers and Carriages to pass along the fame, making such Recompence to the Owners and Occupiers of the private Grounds respectively, for the Damages they shall or may thereby fultain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them; but that no Satisfaction shall be made for doing or performing any of the Works aforesaid, upon or through any Common or Waste Ground; and also, by Order of any Five or more of the said Trullees, to build and erect any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, upon any Part or Parts of the said Road, and across any River, Stream,

Brook, Water, Ditch, or Drain therein, or contiguous thereto; and also to repair and keep in Repair any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, now erected and built, or to be hereafter erected and built upon any Part or Parts of the said Road, and across any River, Stream, Brook, Water,

Ditch, or Drain therein or contiguous thereto; Notice of such Intention to build, erect, or repair any Bridge, being first given, by affixing the fame on all the Turnpike Gates that shall then be erected by virtue of this Act, at lead Twenty-one Days before any Meeting at which such Order to build, erect, or repair any Bridge shall be made.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Forpuniflung interrupt or hinder, or cause to be interrupted or hindered, any Turnpike P' Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons by him, or by the said Truf- v«yors in their tees, or any Five or more of them, employed in the cutting, digging, Duty-gathering, getting, or carrying away of any Sand, Gravel, Chalk, Flints,

Stones, or oth r Materials, or in amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, or repairing the said Road, or topping, lopping, cutting, or carrying away any Tree, Top, Lop, or Overhangings, or in digging, cleansing, or scouring any new or other Dhch, Drain, or Watercourse as aforesaid, or in doing any other Act in or for the Execution of this Act, by virtue of the Powers by this Act given, or any of them, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

ILcc. & Per.-]

11 U

§98

Trainees may contract for JPurchafe of Linds to be taken :nto Road.

Whe e Persons n' gleiSt or refuse to treat.

420' GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

' ’

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time as they shall think proper, to widen or divert, turn, shorten, Vary, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road; and that any Variation of Road may be made through any Common or Wade Ground without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private Grounds or other Hereditaments, making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may thereby sustain; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to contract and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by widening, diverting, turning, shortening, varying, or altering the Course or Path of any Parc or Parts of the said Road, through such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments; and that it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, l'eoffees, Trustees, and Committees, Executors or Administrators, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Hehs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Infant Wards, Cestuique Trusts, Lunaticks, or Persons of unfound Memory and Understanding, and to and for all Femes Covert, who are or shall be seised or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to contract with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to felt and convey unto them, or any Five or more of them, all or any of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for any of the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, 1 ruttees, Committees, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Act; and if any (uc’n Bodies or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses or other Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or at ihe House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, through which any Part of such Road is to be widened, diverted, turned, or altered, shall for the Space of Ten Days nexc after such Notice given or left, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by Reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every of any such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause such Damage and Recompence to be enquired into and ascertained by a Jury of indifferent Men of the County wherein the Preniifes lie; and irforder thereto, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time as Occasion shall be, to summon and call before such Jury, and examine on Oath any Person or Persons whomsoever (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer), and such Trustees or any

Five

999

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

Five or more of them, shall by ordering a View or otherwise, use all Ways and Means, as well for their own as the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of and assessed such Damage and Recompence, they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners and other Persons interested in the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of such Jury; which said Judgement or Inquisition, Order or Determination thereupon, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants,

Femes Covert, and Persons under any Disabilicy whatsoever. Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever; and for summoning and returning such Jury, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of Sussex, requiring him to impannel, summon, and return Twenty-four Persons qualified to serve on Juries, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so summoned, impannelled, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby empowered and required to draw by Ballot, and to swear or cause to be sworn, Twelve Men, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen so returned, the said Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies, or any Five or more of the said Trustees, shall return such other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that speediiy can be procured to attend that Service, to make up the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, acting in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and who shall not appear, (except for some reasonable Excuse), or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn shall refuse to give or not give a Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully* neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence, so as no such Fine be more than Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, on any One Person for One Offence.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give How Exin and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as a Recompence ' w,ces,?f for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any stall’bepsud. Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning

and

1 000

Upon ihe Payment of the Purchase Money, the Lands to be laid into the Road.

42° GEORGII III. Cap.'bz.

and returning of the Jury, as a Recompenceand Satisfaction for any such Right, In erect, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in such Case the Costs and Expeaces of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees, out of any Money arisen or to arise by virtue of this Act j but if such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the respective County, not interested in the Matter in Question, (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame), shall and may be deduded out of the Money so assessed and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for the life of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Tolls or other Money arising by virtue of this Act, according to the Dirrftions herein-after contained, either into the Bank of England or, as the Case may be, to the Parties or Persons rel'peftively entitled thereto, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents; and upon Payment thereof, or (in case of Refusal to accept the fame, or the Parties not being to be met with) upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Road, for the Use of such Parties or Persons, and after Six Days Notice thereof given to such Pat ties or Persons, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, or with the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Hereditaments, such Lands or Hereditaments shall be laid into and made Part of the said Road, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct, and shall be sufficiently ditched, fenced, and set out for that Purpose, and shall to all Intents and Purposes become and be deemed a Common Highway, and shall from thenceforth for ever be deemed as Part of the Road by this Act directed to be amended and kept in Repair, and from thenceforth all Parties and Persons whomsoever, shall be diverted of all Right and Title to such Lands and Hereditaments; but no Part of the said Road shall be made of any greater Width by virtue of this Act, than Sixty Feet; and afier such new Road shall be completed, the Land comprized in or courticuting the old or former Road, shall be vested in the said Trustees, and shall or may be (lopped up, or left unrepaired, unless the fame may be wanted for any publick Use, or for the particular Convenience of the Occupancy of sny 9 Lands

tooi

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

Lands or Tenements to which the fame may lead, and shall be by them the said Trustees, or any Five ot more of them, fold for the belt Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and the Conveyance to be made of such Lands, being executed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes; but this Act shall not extend or give Power to the Trustees acting in the Execution hereof, to the taking down of any Dwelling House or other Building, or take in any Land that is a Garden adjoining to any Dwelling House, or any Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any Part thereof.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in this Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or assessing other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or

where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid

out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Aunnities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

[Loc.&Per.] nl

Application of Compensation when amounting to aoo/.

IC02

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

Application where the Compensation does not nmount to *0o/. and is not left than zo/.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the lame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation ;o be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money ii'less Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall thin »ot. be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the l^ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

!ds* XI.III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said tc make the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and for their Surveyor or Sur-Roads. veyors, or Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon the Lands and Grounds through which or whereupon any Road shall be thought proper to be made, widened, altered, or turned, and to flake out, alter, and turn the fame in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think necessary or proper, without being liable or subject to be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment, for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds respectively, lor any of the Purposes of this Act; making Satisfaction to the Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for the Damage that shall be done to the Land or Ground on the Side of any new Road, whilst the same shall be making, widening, altering, or turning, in case such Damage shall exceed the Sum of One Shilling; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up, remove, or destroy any of the Stakes or other Marks used in the laying out, making, altering, or turning any such Road, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62. 1003

for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Places where the Course Trustees to of any Part of the present Road shall be diverted from the old Line of «££joffnew Road, or a new Road shall be made (except any Open Common Field oai s‘

Land, or Common or Watte Ground), or where the old Road shall be widened, in all such Cases (except as aforesaid) the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby required to cause good and sufficient Mounds, Rails, and Fences, to be made and provided and Quicksets to be planted, or sufficient Stone Walls to be built in an Husbandlike Manner on both Sides of such new Road, where the fame is necessary, and shall support such Mounds, Walls, Rails, and Fences, for and during the Term of Seven Years from the First making thereof.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Trustees may Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered contrail for from Time to Time to contract and agree with any Person or Persons RoadV." 3 for the amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for all or any other of the Works to be done and performed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and that all Contrafts and Agreements in Writing, entered into pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting by such Trustees, or any Five or mote of them, shall be binding to the said Trustees and other Parties who shall sign the fame, his, her, or their Successors, Executors, and Administrators, respectively; and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered against tile Party or Parties failing in the Execution of such Contrafts or Agreements.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Owners, Occupiers, Gran- persons liable tees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees of any Lands, Tenements, repair the Rents, and Annuities, or any Sum or Sums of Money, which have been tinuefor C°n" given, or are liable to the amending or maintaining of any Part or Parts of the said Road, or any Bridge or Bridges thereon, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall still remain liable and chargeable to the Repair thereof, in . such Manner as they were before the passing of this Act.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons perf.ms who by Law are liable to Statute Work, or chargeable towards repairing and amending the Road hereby directed to be made, widened, and tocantinue so, repaired, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like e,c

Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute

loo4

42° GEORGII III. Cap.bi.

tute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him or them paid to the said Truf. tees, or any Five or more of them, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices front Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices respectively, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within every such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work, for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as Competition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be so paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices respectively shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to the Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Bays Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Flay Time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices respectively shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices respectively shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refilled to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to wmrk on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers

1005

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds,

XLVI1L And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the said Road, or any Parc thereof; and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees, in Advance, on or before the First Day of February in each and every Year.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause the said Road to be measured, and Stones or Posts to be placed in or near the fame, with Inscriptions thereon, denoting the Number of Miles and Distances of Places, and also such and so many Direction Posts as they shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, damage, or pull up any of the Mile Stones or Posts ereSed upon or near any Part of the said Road, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks thereon, and be thereof conviSed before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One credib'e Witness, such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings for every such Offence, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case such Person or Persons so offending and conviSed, shall not be able or shall refuse to pay the fame, then it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol for the said County of Sussex, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; and the Person or Persons shall not be ciifcharged till he, she, or they, shall have paid the Penalty, or until the Expiration of the said Term.

L. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who have subscribed any Money for or towards defraying the Expences of executing this Act, shall and they are hereby required to pay such Money within such Time and to such Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall order and direS; and in Default of such Payment, such Money shall be recovered by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, to be brought ‘ J' p Lee. & Per.it T by Trustees may

co'i pound for Statute Work.

Mile Stones and Direction Post*.

To compel

Payment of Subscription.

ioo6

Fo*- Recovery of Penalties and Forfeiture*.

Form of Conviction.

Allowing Parties aggrieved to appeal.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or their Clerk, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not herein otherwise directed), shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Ju Slice of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, or wherein the Offender shall be or reside, either by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Julliceis hereby empowered and required to grant), and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Monies arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied for the Purposes of the said Road; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Pland and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the respective County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months nor less than Forty Days, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fameEffeft, as the Case shall happen; ([videlicet),

‘ DE it remembered. That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted

c before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of CJp€ctly,nS i^>e Offence, Time, and Place,

‘ when and where the fame was committed, as the Case shall be~\. Given

under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above-mentioned.’

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County wherein the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, within Three Calendar Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice at least, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Mat-7 ter

42° GEORGII in Cap. 62.

ter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before fonie Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of and pay such Coils as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the Justices at such Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes; and the said Justices may also at such Sessions, by their Order or Warrant, levy such Costs so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse to obey the fame, and for Want of sufficient Distress, may commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of or for the respective County, for any Time not exceeding the Term of Six Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Costs.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, dr any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage (if any) in an Action upon the Cafe; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made for or on Behalf of the Party distraining, before such Action brought.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk to the said Trustees, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every such Action shall be laid and tried in the County of Sussex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit, shall and may, at his and their Election, plead specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the lame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty Days Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid,

of

IOC/

Proceeding*

not to be quashed for Want of Form*

Limitation of Actions.

ioo8

[Treble Costs.]

Term of the Act.

[Publick Act.]

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant, or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cafe by Law.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon and have Continuance from the passing thereof, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Aft, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by ail Judges, Justices, or other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SECUNDO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*it*HMH*i|HtE*5ME*JHt*;iS*iiS*;(;»*

Cap. 6 3.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Stones-end in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey; and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads; and for lighting, and watching, or guarding the fame; and also lor increasing the Compoli-tions payable in lieu of Statute Duty, by the Parishes of Pafl Greenwich and Saint Paul Deptford, to the Treasurer of the said Roads.

[24th May 1802.]

WHEREAS by an A&. of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-first *i Geo. 3. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Stones end in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for other Purposes, several Tolls, Powers, and Authorities were granted for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, herein-after described; (that is to say), the Road leading from the Stones end in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George Southwark, to the Cock and L ion Back Gate at the West End of the Town of Dartford; and from the Stones end I Loc. (s’ Per.3 11 Z in

ioio

21 Geo. 3. repcskd.

Trustees.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

in Bermondsey Street to the Turnpike, near a Place called Saint Thomas a Waterings in the said Parish of Saint George; and from the Turnpike Road near Deptford Bridge to the Stones-end in London Street, in the Parish of East Greenwich; and from the Six Mile Stone on Blackheath through Charlton and over Woolwich Common, to the Warren at the East End of the Parish of Woolwich; and from the Lime Kilns in East Greenwich, to join the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Lewisham-, and from a Place called New Cross in the Parish of Deptford through Lewifham to Farnborough Well; and from the First Mill Pond at South End, in the said Parish of Lewifham, to the West End of a Place called Stroud Green, in the Parish of Croydon; and from the Turnpike Road near Lewifham Bridge to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee; and from the North End of Burnt Ash Lane aforesaid, through Eltham to Foot’s Cray Bridge, in the said County of Kent, which said Act is near expiring, and the said Roads cannot be kept in good Repair unless adequate Tolls, Powers, and Provisions, be granted for that Purpose during a further Term: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, the said recited Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed and made void.

II. And be it further enacted, That Francis Motley Austen, John Julius Angerfiein, Miles Peter Andrews, George Arnold Arnold, William Allen of Lewisham, Robert Allen, John Atkins, William Albin, Edward Aujlen, "Joachim Andrade, Sir John Boyd Baronet, Philip Brandon, William Browning, John Bowater, Richard Henry Alexander Bennett, Shovell Blackwood, Andrew Burnaby D. D., Joseph Berens, John Kenwcrd Shaw Brook Clerk, George Buxton Doctor of Physick, Thomas Blomfield, William Barnard, Edward George Barnard, John Brent, Edward Gale Boldero, Hutchinson Brown, Thomson Bonar, Charles Burney LL. D., Samuel Brandram, Andrew Burnside, Richard Bejl, Sir Francis Baring Baronet, Essex Hcnry-Bond, Nathaniel Batten, Charles Broughton, Samuel Baker, Patrick Burt, Samuel Cotes, James Chapman, John Color, Joseph Cater, Duncan Campbell, Philip Cox, William Cope, John Currey Clerk, Gfgood Gee Carew, James Cuming, John Calcraft, Robert Campbell, Christopher Chapman, Lieutenant Colonel William Congreve, Christopher Cooke, William Collins, James Christie, the Reverend John Cooke, John Davis, Sir John Dixon Dyke Baronet, Sir Narborough D’Aeth Baronet, Abram Pearcehouse Driver, JcJiah Dcrnford, Major General Thomas Davies, James Duncan, Thomas Augufius Douce, Francis Hubble Douce, Lieutenant Colonel Francis Downman, Lieutenant General Duncan Drummond, Thomas Dyke, Percival Hart Dyke, William Driver, Sir John Douglas Knight, William Beveridge Duncan, John Dor-rington. Sir Frederick Evelyn Baronet, William Glanville Evelyn, Robert Edmonds, Samuel Enderby, George Emmett, Charles Enderby, Richard Edmonds, George Enderby, Francis Eafierby, John Edwards, Major General Joseph Eyre, Henry Edmcades, Henry Edmeades junior, William Edmeades of Cobham, James Edmeades, Huffey Fleet, Samuel Farmer, John Forjler, Thomas Fuller, Simon Frazer, Edward Forman, Sir John Parnaby Baronet William Forman, James Payne, George Clerk, Sir William Geary Baronet, Richard Gee, Henry Goodwya, John Gopftll, George Grote, Philip Goodhew,

William

IOI I

42- GEORGGII ' III. Cap. 63.

William Goodhew, Sir Richard Glode Knight, Thomas Galtfkell., Joseph Hales, Richard Hulfe, William Hagen, Joseph Humphreys, Benjamin Harenc, Christopher Hull, Jacob Hagen junior, Filmer Honywood, Joseph Hunt, Robert Hoggart, Joseph Hardccjlle, John Harrifoa, William Flolmes, David Hunter, Sir Flenry Hawley Baronet, Henry Hawley, Thomas Hambly, Thomas Harris, John Hough, William Hood, David Hunter, John Hosier, John Bowers Hodjon, John Jejj'er, John Ibbctfon, Charles James, Robert JennerjJohn Jones, Henry Jackson, Hugh Jones Clerk, Edward King, Sir Edward Knatchbull Baronet’, Charles Kensington, John Larking, David Langton, Theodore Forbes Leith Doctor of Phy uck, Richard Leigh, Richard Lewin, William Lushington, John Fafcall Larkins, the Right Honourable Charles Long, the Honourable and Reverend Edward Legge, Sir William Leighton Knight, General Vaughan Lloyd, George Liddell, Martin Lindsay, Peter Laurie, Thomas Longlands, Edward Hawke Locker, Lord Viscount Marsham, John Mumford, William Mumford, Christopher Mason, Stephen John Maule, John Maule Clerk, Thomas Moor Clerk, John Martin, Erasmus Madox, Thomas Maltby, Henry Mills, Mayow IVyncll Mayow, Colonel John M'-Leod, the Honourable and Reverend Jacob MarJloam D. D., Robert Maitland, Samuel Gillam Mills, Major General Philip Martin, Francis Market, George Munro, Patrick M'-Leod, Richard Morse, Richard Martyr, Garland Murray, Thomas Maltby, Alexander Mackie, William Morland, Thomas Newnham, George Norman, Edward Neale, James Newfome, Joseph Nutting, William Nicholson, William Not fridge, David Or me, John Oliver Clerk, Charles Palmer, David Papillon, James Pattison, Frederick Pigou, Christopher Pritchard, Peter Pegus, Peter Pemell, William Pemell, William Pemble, James Parry, William Richardfm, John Rogers, John Randall, William Rose Clerk, James Robson, Major Rhode, Thomas Raikes, Captain John Reid, Cadwallader Blaney Roper, Thomas Roberts, Richard Rawes, John Rolls, Robert Robertson M. D., William Ross, Sir John Gregory Shaw Baronet, Henry Sharp, George Smith, Richard Stone, William Smith, Claude Scott, Edward Stone, William James Tauzia Savary, Robert Saunders, Joseph Steele, John St. Barbe, John Skoftowe, John Raymond Snow, George Smith of Mecpham, Charles Stow, Robert Sowerby, Charles Satteruhaite, Sir Gregory Page Turner Baronet, Sir John Twifden Baronet, Peter Thompson, John Talbot, Robert Tyler, James Trimbey, Thomas Todd, Alexander Trotter, John Varnham, John Undershall, Sir Thomas Maryan Wilson Baronet, William Wells, Robert Watson, William Wheatley, IsaacWarner junior, James Warne, Henry Whittle, John Warded Weflerham, John Welford, Simeon Warner of the Kent Road, John Wells, James Rice Williams, Thomas Waller, Thomas Welladvice, Thomas Willmott, Charles Willmott, Joseph Warner of Eltham, John William Wood\ John Walker, James Walker, and William Wadefon, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending and keeping in Repair the several Roads herein-after described; (that is to say', the said Roads leading from the Stones-end in Kent Street to the Cock and Lion Back Gate at the West End of the Town of Dartford; and from the Turnpike Road near Deptford Bridge to the Stones-end in London Street aforesaid; and from the Six Mile Stone on Blackbeath, through Charlton, and over Woolwich Common to the said Warren at Woolwich-, and from the said Lime Kilns in East Greenwich, to join the Turnpike Road in the said Parish of Lewisham; and from New Cross in the said Parish of Deptford through Lewisham to Farnborough Well; and from the said Mill Pond at South End to the West End of Stroud Green; and from the Turnpike Road near Lewifeam Bridge through Lee and Eltham to Foots Cray Bridge, in the Counties of Kent

1012

Qualification of Trustees.

Traders may act as Justicts of the l^c-ce.

No Trustee to act whilst he holds a Place of Profit.

Trustees may meet and adjourn.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

and Surrey; and for putting this Act in Execution; and that in case any of the Trustees hereby appointed, or to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die, or cease to reside within the Counties of Kent and Surrey, or either of them; or shall by Writing under his Hand, refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time, upon the First Saturday after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, in every Year, to choose and appoint proper Persons redding within the said Counties, or either of them, to be Trustees in the Room of such as shall die, or shall cease to reside within the said Counties, or refuse to act; provided that Ten Days publick Notice of the Meeting for every such Election be given, by affixing the fame on all the Toil Gates or Turnpikes, which shall be then (landing on the said Roads; and every Person who shall be so chosen and appointed, shall be joined with the surviving dr remaining Trustees, and is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been particularly named and appointed a 'l'rustee in and by this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be qualified or capable of acting as aTrustee in any Case in the Execution of this Act, unless at the Time of his acting he shall be seised and possessed for Life, or some greater Estate to his own Use, of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or possessed of a Personal Estate, to the Amount or Value of Two thousand Pounds; and if any Person riot being qualified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trustee, in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record ftt Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe; or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any further or other Proof on Behalf of the Prosecutor, thae that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

IV. Provided always, That such of the said Trustees as are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Kent or Surrey, may nevertheless aft as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested; but no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the said Trustees, for executing the Purposes of this Act, shall be holden at the Green Man, on Blackheath, upon the First Saturday after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn their Meetings, and may hold any other Meetings, and in like Manner adjourn the same as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution; and that all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings

7 of

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

of the said Trustees, or any of them, in the Execution of this Act, shall be signed by the Trustees making the same, or by their Clerk, at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act; and that no such Ad, Order, or Proceeding, shall be valid, unless made and signed at such Meeting; and the said Trustees shall, at all their Meetings, defray their own Expences.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, at their General Meetings, to be holden on the First Saturday after the Twenty-fourth Day of June in every Year, appoint a Treasurer, and Clerk, and also such Surveyors, and other Officers, as they shall think necessary (except Toll Gatherers or Gate Keepers, who are to be appointed as herein-after mentioned); and the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, at any intermediate General Meeting, remove any such Treasurers, Clerks, Surveyors, or other Officers, as they shall see Occasion; and in Case of such Removal, or of the Death or Resigna-tion of any such Officers, appoint new ones, to continue in Office till the then next General Meeting, to be holden on the First Saturday after the Twenty-fourth day of June, and Ten Days Notice of the Meeting for every such last mentioned Appointment shall be given, by affixing the the fame on all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall be then Handing upon the said Roads; and all such Officers so appointed shall, as often as required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, render and give to them, or to their Treasurer, a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing, under their respective Hands, with proper Vouchers of all Monies which they shall respectively to such Time have received, paid, and disbursed, by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, or by Reason of their respective Offices, and shall verify such Accounts upon Oath (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them are hereby empowered to administer); and in Cafe any Money so received shall remain in his or their Hands, the same shall be paid to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person as they shall, by Writing under their Hands, authorize and empower to receive the same, and shall be disbursed and laid out in the Execution of this Act, and not otherwise; and in Cafe any such Officers shall not give in and make such Account and Payment as aforesaid, or Hull, for the Space of Fourteen Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, refuse or neglect to render and give up to them, or to such Person as they shall direct, all Books, Papers, Writings, Matters, and Things, in their Hands, Custody, or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, that then any One Justice of the Peace for the County where the Officer so making Default shall dwell, shall and may make Enquiry of and concerning any such Default, in a summary Way, as well by the Confession of the Party as by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer); and if any such Officer shall be convicted of either of the Offences aforesaid, such Justice shall, upon such Conviction, commit the Party to the Common Gaol of the County where such Officer shall be or reside, there to remain without bail or Mainprize until he shall have made a perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded and [Lee. $5*Per.'] iz A agreed

IOI3

All Acts of the Trustees to be done at Meetings.

For appointing Officers.

ioiV 42°- GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

agreed with the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, and have paid such Composition Money (which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to make and receive), and shall also have rendered and given up to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Per foil as they shall direct, all such Books, Papers, Writings, Matters, and Things, as aforesaid and the said Trustees, or any Five or mote of them, shall and may, out of the Money arising by the said 'Foils, make such Allowance to their Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyors, Toll Gatherers, or Gate Keepers, and other Officers, for and in Respect of their Care and Pains in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Personsas have been employed Victuallers 'n Execution of this Act, as to them shall seem reasonable; but no not n, hold Person shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit under the said Profit.lttS Erustees, who shall fell any Wine, Ale, or spirituous Liquors by Retail.

Treasurer to give Security.

VII. Provided always, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to take such Security from their Treasurer, and other Officers to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as they shall think proper.

Trustees may rurch*fe Lands(or widening

Roads, etc.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trailers, or any Five, or more of them, aie: hereby fully authorized and empowered to cause ta be made, raised, opened, repaired, and kept in Repair, all such Cause-ways, Ditches, and Drains, and also all such Mounds, Banks, Dams, Sluice*, or other Water-works, in, upon, or under, the said Roads, and also in and upon any Place or Places, and through any Grounds convenient for such Purposes; and also to widen, turn, and alter the Course or Path of any Part of the said Roads, by carrying the fame through the Grounds of any Person lying contiguous thereto, or by laying any Part of such Grounds into the said Roads as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think necessary for the better repairing, wdening, Itraightening, draining, and amending the said Roads, and keeping the fame in Repair; and to agree with the several Owners, Proprietors of, and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments, for the Purchase of any such Lands or Hereditaments, or for the Loss or Damage any such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and P.rfons interested, shall or may any ways fultain by widening, turning, or altering, the Course or Path of any of the said Roads, or by such otltfr Works as aforesaid; and out of the Money arising hv virtue of this Act, to pay for such Lands or Hereditaments, and for such Loss or Damage, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so agreed upon, and also the Costs and Charges attending such Agreement and Purchase; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Ccllegia-e, Corporations Aggregate and Sole, Feoffees in Trull, Execu-Jors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, or Feoffees for any charitable Use or llfes, or for or on Behalf of any Infant, Feme Covert, Idiot, Lunarick, Ctjiuique Trult, or any Person under any Disability whatsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in, any such Lands or Hereditaments, to agree with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Purchase of such Lands or Hereditaments for the Purposes aforesaid; and to sell and convey thq ~' ‘ - r fame

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

fame as Occasion shall require; and all Contrails, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid, to all Intents and Purpose.% any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in ar.ywise notwithstanding; and all such Corporations, Feoffees, Trustees, and Persons whomsoever, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any such Corporation, or Person, upon Notice in Writing to him or them given, or left at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Person, or of the Head Officer of such Corporation, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Hereditaments, aforesaid, to treat for tr.e Sale thereof, shall, for the Space of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to tre. t, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by Reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in any such Case, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause to be enquired into, ascertained, and act'effect, by and upon the Oath of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County wherein such Lands or Hereditaments shall lie, what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence shall be made to such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, or other Persons interested, for or upon Account of the taking such Lands or Hereditaments into the Laid Roads, or of turning any of the said Roads into or through any such Lands or Hereditaments, or for such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, and in order thereto, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall be or require, to summon before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, any Persons whomsoever, as Witnesses, concerning the Premises (which Oaths, and also the Oaths to be taken by the said Jurymen, any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer), and they shall also order and cause the said Jury to view the Places in Question, if there be Occasion, and use all such lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained, and assessed, such Damages and Recompence, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine, the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to or for the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of, or Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition, of the said Jury; which said Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgement, Order, or Determination, so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Femes Covert, Idiots, Lurra ticks, Cestuique Trusts, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoeva; and all and every inch Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, and Persons interested in such Lands or Hereditaments, shall, upon Payment or Tender of the Money so assessed as aforesaid, in the Manner herein-after directed or mentioned, be thereby from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, In:erect, and Property, of, in, and to the fame; and for the summoning and returning such Jury, the said

Trustees,

IOI5

Jury to settle the Damages or Recom p^nce, in case 1 he Parties cannot agree.

ioi6

How the Erf-pen ces of the Jury are to b< paid.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant to the Sheriff of the County where such Lands do lie, requiring him to impannel, summon, and return Twenty-four indifferent Persons to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy, is hereby required to impannel, lutnmon, and return, such Number accordingly; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear on such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall swear, or cause to be sworn. Twelve to be drawn by Ballot out of the said Twenty-four , and in Default of a sufficient Number of Persons so impannelled, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, who shall be sworn in like Manner, until the Number of Twelve be completed, which Twelve shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, when they come to be sworn; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, adding in the Premises, shall have full Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy, Bailiffs, or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn shall refuse to give, or shall not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury, touching the Premises, shall refuse or, without a sufficient Excuse, neglect to appear, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence, and from Time to Time to recover, levy, and apply such Fines, in the same Manner as any other Forfeiture or Penalty is by this Act directed to be recovered, levied, and applied; so that no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any One Person for One Offence.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Monies, as a Recompence for the Right, Interest, or Property, of any Person or Persons in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or for any such Loss or Damage than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction fcr any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss, or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in such Case, the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more, or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss, or Damage as aforesaid, that then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom tf\c said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63. tof7

XT. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money so assessed as aforesaid is and are hereby charged upon the Monies pa a out of which shall be raised by virtue of this Act, and shall be paid thereout by the Toll*,ttt. the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Treasurer, either into the Bank of England, or as the Case may require to the Person or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or their Agents; and upon Payment thereof, or in Case such Persons, or their Agents, cannot be met with, or upon Tender of such Money shall refuse to receive the same, then, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Use of the respective Persons entitled thereto, and Notice thereof in Writing, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees or their Treasurer, given to such Persons, or their Agents, or left at their or either of their usual Places of Abode, such Lands or Hereditaments shall, by the said Trustees, their Surveyors or Workmen, be laid into and made Part of the said Roads, and shall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be, and be deemed and taken to be, a publick and common Highway, and shall be for ever afterwards deemed Part of the said Roads, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Methods, and in all Respects in such Manner as the old Road so widened, altered, or turned, was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after such new Roads shall be completed, the Land constituting the former Road, or such Part thereof as shall become useless or unnecessary for the Purposes of a common or publick Highway (except it leads over feme Heath or Common), shall be veiled in, and shall and may be exchanged or sold by, the said Trustees, or any Five of more of them, for the best Price that can be gotten for the fame; and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied and disposed of for the repairing of the Roads hereby intended to be repaired, and other the Purposes of this Act; and the Conveyance to be made of such Land, being executed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and enrolled by the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein the same shall be situate, shall be good and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur- ^on^hen chafed, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any exceeding Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under 100/-any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to hia Account ex partef the Trustees for executing this Act, pursuant to the Method prefcished by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chapter Thirty-two, and the general Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, to the Intent that such Money shall, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court (to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a iummary Way, by the Per fori or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments), b paid and applied in the Purchase of Land Tax, or in or towards the Dischargfe of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrance, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any other Hereditaments {landing rLoc. £s? Per.] 12 B settled

ioi8

Application when the C ompenlatinn does not e<-cee I a< o /, nor lets than is /.

Application when the Money i> less than 10 /.

Not to damage any House or Building.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

settled to the fame orths like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or be laid out and inverted in the Purchase ol other Me Adages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like IXes; and in the mean Time the said Money may, by Order of the said Court, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Conioiidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean 'lime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce thereof shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Three Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction err Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed or arteffed to be paid as herein-before mentioned, shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XV. Provided always, That in widening, turning, or diverting the Course of any Part of the said Roads, nothing shall be done which shall or may in anywise injure or damage any House or Building, or any Ground which shall have been set apart or used as a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Plantation, or Nursery of Trees, or any Walk of Trees, or Avenue to

any

ioi9

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

any House, for the Space of Six Calendar Months, next before Notice given to the Owner or Proprietor of such Ground to treat for the Sale thereof as aforesaid, unless such Owner or Proprietor shall consent thereto.

XVI. Provided also, That no Person shall act as a Trustee in any Case Trusteejnot relating to the contracting for or purchasing any Land or Hereditaments,

or in any other Cafe in the Execution of this Act, where he shall be concerned in Interest.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Sur- Forgetting veyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, and such Person or Persons as he Materials, or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, gather, take, and carry away,

any Gravel, Heath, Sand, Stone, or other Materials proper for repairing the said Roads, in and out of any River or Brook, Wade or Common, in any Parish, Town, Village, or Hamlet, near or adjoining to the said Roads, without paying any Thing for the fame, and to lead or carry away the fame, upon, over, or through the private Lands or Grounds of any Persons whomsoever; such Surveyor or Surveyors fencing or (topping all such Holes and Pits, where any such Materials as aforesaid shall be dug, gathered, and taken, so as to prevent any Mischief or Accident thereby; and it shall also be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons, by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to search for, dig, and gather such Materials in, and carry the fame out of the Fields,

Meadows, or Grounds of any Persons (not being the Ground whereon any Houses or Buildings (land, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Meadow, Park, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to any House, or any Plantation or Nursery for Trees), and from lime to Time to carry away the fame, paying futh Sum or Sums of Money for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers respectively of the Grounds where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, or carried away, or upon, over, or through which the fame, or any other Materials, so dug and gathered as aforesaid,

shall be carried, landed, or drawn, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Trustees, touching such Damages as aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace, at their next General Quarter Sessions, or at the Second General Quarter Sessions at the farthest, to be holden for the County wherein such Lands shall lie, shall and may adjudge, assess, and finally determine the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said surveyor* Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall remov< appoint, by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, scour'waterfront Time to Time, to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part <*>"*«>etc-of the said Roads, or on the Sides thereof, by Filth, Dung, Allies, Rubbish, Watering Troughs, or otherwise; and to remove all Obstructions being in or upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof; and to dam out or turn any Waters or Water-courses, Sinks, or Drains, running along or flowing upon, into, or out of the said Roads, or near the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice of the said Roads; and to open, scour, cleanse, widen, and make deeper, any Water-course or Ditch adjoining or near to the said Roads, and to make the same as deep and as large as they shall think proper; and also to make all such Arches of Brick,

Stone, or Timber, over any such Water-courses or Ditches, as they shall think

1020

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

think necessary; and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees, Shrubs, or Bushes, growing in the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjoining thereto, and to take and carry away the fame, in case the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises, where such Annoyances or Obdiuftions shall happen to be, or such Person or 1'ersons as shall have occasioned the fame, shall neglect to remove the fame, or to cut down and carry away such Trees, Shrubs, or Bushes as aforesaid, or to open, scour, and cleanse their Water-courses or Ditches as aforesaid, for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, under the Hand or Hands of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof (to be settled by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands) shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, by the Person or Persons making Default therein; the same to be recovered and levied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Act are herein-after directed to be recovered and levied; and if any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every such Person so offending shall for every such subsequent Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

For prevent-

XIX. And whereas many Nuisances are frequently committed on Parts fancts* the said Roads, by Persons exposing Goods of various Kinds to Sale

thereon or on the Side* thereof; and many of the Inhabitants or Occupiers of Houses and Lands adjoining or contiguous to the said Roads, frequently throw in and upon the said Roads, Ashes, Filth, Dung, and Rubbish, of various Sorts, and do also throw Water, or suffer the same to run upon the said Roads, whereby the Roads, in such Parts, are very much injured; and it has been found irr.practicable to proceed for the Removal of such Nuisances in the Manner herein-before directed; be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hereafter shew forth, or expose to Sale, or put or place any Goods upon any Part of the said Roads, or on the Sides thereof, for Sale, or for any other Purpose, or shall throw, cad, or lweep, any Ashes, Filth, Dung, Sand, or Rubbish of any Kind, in or upon the said Roads, or shall throw or cad any Water, or suffer the same to run thereon; any Person so offending, and being thereof convicted by the Testimony of One Witness, or by the Confedion of the Party so offending, before Two Justices, shall, for the Fird Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and for every subsequent Offence, not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, over and above the reasonable Cods attending either of such Convictions, as the Justices by and before whom such Offender shall be convicted shall, according to the Circumstances of the Cafe, determine.

Allowing an

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Convenin',"11 (hah have been convicted by and before any Two Justices of the Peace, for Nuisances. of having shewn fotth, or exposed to Sale, or put or placed any Goods upon any Part of the said Roads, or on the Sides thereof, or of having thrown, calt, or swept any Allies, Filth, Dung, Sand, or Rubbish, in or upon the said Roads, or of having thrown or cad any Water, or differed the same to run thereon, or of having taken or carried away, spoiled, injured, or destroyed, any of the Materials which shall have been provided by the Trullees of the said Roads, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, for repairing the said Roads, and by such Conviction shall think

1021

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

think himself or herself aggrieved, such Person shall have Liberty to appeal from every such Conviction to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be held for the County or Division wherein such Offence was committed, and that the Execution of every Judgement or Conviction so appealed from, shall be suspended in case the Person so convicted shall immediately enter into Recognizance before such Justices, (which they are hereby authorized and required to take), himself in the Penalty of Ten Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Penalty of Five Pounds each, of lawful Money of Great Britain, upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgement and Determination of the said next General Quarter Sessions, and to pay such Colls as the said Court shall award upon such Occasion; and the Justices in the said next Court of General Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable, to be paid by either Party; which Decision shall be final.

XXI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time hereafter, ride, or drive any Horse, Afs, or other Cattle, or Carriage, on any Part of the Roads comprized within this Act, which shall be used and appropriated, as and for a Foot-path, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, or Driver, or any other Person, shall set, place, have, or leave, any Cart, Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage, laden or unladen (except on Account of some Accident having happened thereto, and then only until the fame can be conveniently removed or repaired), in any Part of the said Roads, by this Act directed to be repaired, amended, widened, or made, or any Rubbish, Dung, Compofl, Clay, Timber, Trees, or other Matter or Thing, or shall Suffer any Oxen, Cows, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, or other Cattle, to rtand, lay, or loiter in the said Roads, or any Part thereof; every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, either by his own Confession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any justice of the Peace for the County in which the Offence shall be committed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to cause any Stones or Ports to be set up, in or near the Sides of the said Roads, with Inscriptions thereon, denoting the Number of Miles and Distance of Places; and if any Person shall wilfully break, obliterate, deface, pull up, or throw down, any of the Stones or Ports erected by virtue of the said recited Act, or to be erected by virtue of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings for every such Offence, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be laid out in repairing the said Roads.

\_Loc. W Per.'} itC

And preserving Footpaths.

To prevent

Obstructions*

To prevent defacing of Mile Stones.

1022

Proprietors ot th^ Water Work*, to repair th? Damages occasioned to the Hoads on Account of the . Water Pipes.

Tni frees may continue Turnpikes, and ereit others.

Turnpikes, *tc. veiled in Trustees.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

XXIV. And whereas the Proprietors of certain Water Works, near Deptford aforesaid, called Ravenjburn Water Works, have frequently Occasion to break up the Ground in some of the said Roads, for the Purpose of laying, altering, or repairing the Pipes belonging to the said Water Works; be it therefore enacted, That when and so often as the Proprietors of the said Water Works shall break up the Ground in any Part of the said Roads for the Purpose of laying, altering, or repairing any of the said Pipes, the said Proprietors shall, and are hereby required, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to lay, alter, or repair such Pipes without Delay, and forthwith after such Pipes shall have been so laid, altered, or repaired, to amend and repair the Road so broke up in a good and fub-flantial Manner; and in case of Defau't herein, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor to the said Trustees (whether such Pipes shall have been so laid, altered, or repaired, or not), to repair, amend, and make good the Road so broken up as aforesaid, and the Charges thereof (to be settled by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them), shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor by the said Proprietors; and in Default of Payment thereof upon Demand, the same shall and may be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Proprietors, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County wherein such Road shall lie, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, may and are hereby authorized and empowered to continue all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, now (landing in, upon, or across any of the said Roads, hereby directed to be repaired, or the Sides thereof; and also to erect, or cause to be erected, such other Toll Gates or Turnpikes, in, upon, or across any of the said Roads, or upon the Sides thereof, across any Lane or Way leading into the same as they shall think proper, other than and except such Parts of the said Roads as lie within the Space of Three Miles from the said Cock and Lion Back Gate, in the said Town of Dartford, and between a Place called Stump’s Hill, at the End of the said Parish of Lewisham, and the West End of Stroud Green, and between the Top of Bromley Hill and Farnborough Well, and between the Turnpike Road in the said Parish of Lewisham, and the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, and between the West End of Greenwich Park Wall, on the North Side of Blackheath, and the said Warren at Woolwich, and between the North End of Burnt HJh Lane and Foots Cray Bridge; and the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, are hereby also authorized and empowered to continue or erect a Toll House, adjoining or near the said respective Toll Gates or Turnpikes, or such of them as they shall think proper; and that all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, and other Buildings and Works erected or to be erected by the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads, and the Materials of which the fame do or shall consist, and all Materials which shall be provided by the said Trustees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors for repairing the said Roads, shall be, and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to dispose of the same as they shall think fit, and to bring or cause

102 3

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name of any One or more of them, or of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer and prosecute, or order and direct the preferring and prosecuting of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall dig up, break, or pull down, steal, take, or carry awray, spoil, injure, or destroy, any of the said Toll Gates, Turnpikes, or Toll Houses, or any of the Materials aforesaid, or do any Act to hinder or obstructany Person employed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in the Execution of this Act.

XXVI. Provided further, That if, instead of the Modes herein-before Forprosecut-prescribed and directed, of suing or prosecuting any Person or Persons, ofenders'ln for taking or carrying away, spoiling, injuring, or destroying, any of the luminary Materials which shall be provided by the said Trustees, or by their Sur- Way‘ veyor or Surveyors, for repairing the said Roads, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, assembled at a General Meeting, shall think fit to prosecute the Offender or Offenders, in a summary Way, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the County wherein the Offence shall have been committed; that then the said Trustees shall be at L iberty so to do, and may thereupon direct the necessary Information or Informations, to be laid and exhibited to and before such Justices, who are hereby required to issue their Summons or Summonses, to the Offender or Offenders, to appear before them at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons or Summonses, to answer such Information or Informations; and upon the Appearance of such Offender or Offenders, or in case of his or their Default or Defaults, then upon Proof of the Service of such Summons or Summonses, to proceed to examine the several Witnesses on Oath, on either Side, and to convict or acquit the Party or Parties, against whom such Information or Informations shall have been exhibited, according to the Evidence; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, then such Justices are hereby required to fine such Offender or Offenders any Sum not exceeding Forty shillings over and above the Value of such Materials, which shall have been so taken, carried away, spoiled, injured, or destroyed, as aforesaid; and the Costs and Charges attending such Prosecution , as such Justices shall think fit.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Toll Gate How Toll shall hereafter be erected on the said Roads, unless the same shall be or- ^eae" dered by the Trustees at a General Meeting, of which Ten Days publick Notice shall have been given in Writing, affixed upon all the Toll Gates erected on the said Roads, and also in some publick Newspaper circulated in that Part of the County, specifying the Place where such Toll Gates is proposed to be erected; and unless Nine Trustees at leaf! (being a Majority of those present) shall sign the said Order at such Meeting.

XXVIII. Provided always, That none of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes No Turnpike now Handing, or hereafter to be erected, upon or on the Sides of the said Roads, shall be taken down or removed, except by Order of the said or’dermade Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, made at some Meeting to be at Meetings, holden in pursuance of this Act; of which Meeting Ten Days Notice in Writing (specifying the Business to be done at such Meeting) shall be given

1024

tolll.

Penalties on evading Payment of the Tollt,

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

given on all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall be then Handing upon or on the Sides of the said Roads.

XXIX. And, in order to enable the said Trustees to carry this Act into Execution, be it further enacted, That such Tolls as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time order and appoint, may be demanded and taken at each and every of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes on the said Roads, by such Toll Gatherers or Gate Keepers, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, from Time to Time for that Purpose appoint, before any Horse or other Cattle, upon which Toll is hereby imposed, shall be permitted to pass through the fame, not exceeding the respective Sums following; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Chaise, Calash, Hearse, or other such like Carriage, Three-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such like Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, One Penny; and having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, Three Halfpence; and having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadih or Gauge than Six Inches, Two-pence;

For every Ox drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such like Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, One Halfpenny; and having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, Three Farthings; and having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, One Penny

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, not drawing. Three Halfpence:

For every Ox, or other Neat Cattle, One Halfpenny, and for every Calf, Hog, Sheep, or Lamb, One Farthing.

And which said respective Tolls shall be, and are hereby vested in the said Trustees for the Purposes of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the respective Toll Gatherers or Gate Keepers, to be appointed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them as aforesaid, to demand, collect, and receive, the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, and also to levy the same by Distress of the Cattle, Carriage, or other Goods, of any Person liable to pay the fame, who shall, after Demand thereof made, neg-left or refuse to pay such Tolls as aforesaid, and to detain and keep the Cattle, Carriage, or other Goods so distrained, until such Tolls, with the reasonable Charges of such Dilirefs, and the detaining and keeping the fame, shall be paid; and the respective Persons so distraining, after the Space of Three Days from the making of such Distress, shall and may fell the Cattle, Carriage, or other Goods, so distrained, returning the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of distraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deducted and paid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, with any Cattle or Carriage whatsoever, pass through any Land, Ground, or He-9 reditaments.

1025

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

reditaments (not being a publick Highway), adjoining to or lying near any of the said Roads; or if any Occupier or Occupiers of any such Land, Ground, or Hereditaments, shall knowingly or wilfully permit or suffer any Person, with any Cattle or Carriage whatsoever, to pars through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall be evaded; or if any Person shall give to, or receive from, any Person., other than the Persons appointed to col left the said Tolls, any Note or Ticket by this Act directed to be given by any of the said Toll Gatherers or Gate Keepers, or shall forge or counterfeit any Note or Ticket, or make Use of any such forged or counterfeited Note or Ticket, knowing the same to have been forged or counterfeited, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall be evaded; or if any Person shall forcibly pass through any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes, with any Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle, without Payment of the Tolls for the fame, or shall take off or cause to be taken off, any Horse or other Cattle from any Carriage, or shall leave, or cause to be left,'- upon or near any Part of the said Roads, any Carriage, Horse, or other Ca tie, or any Goods, with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof^every Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer to the said Trustees.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That Exemption* no Person shall be charged with any of the said Tolls, for or in respect of f‘'omTol" the Horses or Cattle drawing any Carriage laden with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing any Roads or Highways within any of the Parishes in which the said Roads do lie, or laden only with Dung, Mold, or Compost, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, for manuring of Land; or with any Hay or Corn in the Straw (not coming from any Market), to be laid in the Houses or Barns of the respective Inhabitants of the said several Parishes; or carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Iluibandry belonging to any such Inhabitants: or for or in respect. of the Horses or Cattle drawing any Carriage going empty for such Lading as aforesaid, or returning empty having been so laden; or for or in respect of any Horses going towards London iaden with Fish, or returning having been so laden; or of the Horses of the Rippiers, or Drivers of the Horses so laden, and which shall pass with them through the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes; or for or in respect of any Horses or other Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places; or any Poll Horses or Carriages carrying or drawing the Mail or Packet; or any Horse used only to ride on by the Owner or Driver of any Waggon,

Cart, or Carriage, provided such Horse do pass through the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes with such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage; or for or in respect of any Horses or Carriages employed only in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes; or for any Horses belonging to Officers of Soldiers upon their March, or upon Duty; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or returning empty, having been so employed; or for the Horses or Carriages of any Persons going to or returning from any [Lw. Ssf Per."] 12 D Election

102.6 4-26 GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said Counties of Kent and Surrey, or either of them, during the Time of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Fleftion shall begin or be concluded; or for or in rel'pest of any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages (except Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other such like Carriages, drawn by more than One Horse, and not herein-before exempted from the Payment of Toll), passing through any Toll Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on any Part of the said Road, between the Turnpike Road between Deptford Bridge and the Stones-end in London Street aforesaid; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such i’erson shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

Tolls to be paid but once > Day.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall have paid the Tolls hereby granted at any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be continued or erected upon the said Roads, for or in respect of any Horses or Cattle, shall on the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night), be permitted to pass and repaid any Time or Times, as often as he shall think proper, through the fame l oll Gate or Turnpike, or through all or any other Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall be then Handing upon the said Roads or on the Sides thereof, for or in respect of the fame Horses or Cattle for which such Tolls shall have been so paid; and that no Person passing any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes with any Horses not drawing a Carriage, and paying the Toll foT such Horses, and returning the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid), with the fame Horses drawing a Carriage, shill be subject or liable to pay any greater Toll in respect of the Horses or Cattle drawing such Carriage than will, with what shall have been paid for such Horses or Cattle as aforesaid, make up the complete Toll authorized to be collected for the Horses or Cattle drawing such Carriage by virtue of this Act, such Persons respectively producing a Note or Ticket denoting such respective Payments; which Notes or Tickets the said Toll Gatherers or Gate Keepers are hereby required to give gratis, on Receipt of the Tolls.

Trullceesmay

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

let the Tolls. Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, either by the Mode prescribed in and by the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or by and according to such other Method as the Trustees of the said Roads, from Time to Time shall think more effectual, to let ro farm, or demise, not only all or any of the said Tolls, but also, if they shall see fit, all such Tolls or Duties as may become payable on the said Roads front Carriages passing thereon with excessive Weights, for any Term of Years not exceeding Three Years, for such Rent or Rents, payable at such Times, and under such Covenants, as the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall think fit; the said Trustees taking such sufficient Security front the Person or Persons to whom such Tolls, or any of them, shall be leased or demised, for Payment of such Rents, and Performance of the said Covenants, as they, or any Five or more of them, shall think fitj which Money to be paid for the same shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act,

42* GEORGII III. Cap. 63. 1027

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That Fourteen Days previous £°u.rsteent> Notice of the Intention to let the said Tolls, given according to (he Qf letting'" Diregions of the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Tolls to be Reign, instead of One Month thereby directed to be given, shall be as g,ven‘ valid and legal Notice as if the fame had been given One Month before such letting; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Toll HowGate Gatherers or Collectors, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall place Keepers or cause to be placed, on some conspicuous Part of the Fronts of the Miscondiia several Toll Houses, at which he or they shall be respectively Rationed, are to be and so that the same shall appear to publick View, his or their Christian PunillKd’ and Surnames, painted in black, on a Board with a white Ground, in

large and legible Characters; each Letter whereof shall be Two Inches in Length at least, and of a proportionable Breadth, and that such Board shall be and remain at such Toll House during the Whole of the Time the Person whose Name shall be expressed thereon shall be on Duty thereat; and if such Board shall not be put up, and remain in Manner aforesaid, the Toll Gatherer or Collector so neglecting to comply with the Direction above mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Toll Gatherer or Gate Keepers Gate Keeper, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be guilty of any Mif- Names pafm-conduct in his Office; or shall insult, abuse, or ill-treat any Passenger on enina con-

the said Roads, or otherwise misbehave himself to any such Passenger, then fi"CU0Ui

J . o’ Manner on

inch Toll Gatherer or Gate Keeper Fo offending, and being thereof con- the Toll victed before One Justice, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Ho'jres-Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, as the Justice by and before whom such Offender shall be convicted shall adjudge proper.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, TJiat if any Person not duly au- Nonetocoi-thorized and empowered by the said Trustees, shall take, collect, or receive ’jfV1'01- '?ut any of the said Tolls, every such Offender shall, for every such Offence, e/by^e0'"* forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Trustees. Shillings, as the Justice by and before whom such Offender shall be con-

vifted shall adjudge proper.

XXXVIII. And, for the better enabling the said Trustees to pay olf and Forborrow-discharge the Debts and Bills now due, or hereafter to become due, from ing Money, the Trustees for putting in Execution the said Act of the Twenty-first

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and also to carry this Act into Execution, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (upon Fourteen Days previous Notice, to be given upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then Handing upon the said Roads), to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money they shall think fir, upon the Credit of the Tolls to arise by virtue of this Act; and, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to assign over the said Tolls, or any Part thereof (the Charges of such Assignments to be paid out of such Tolls), to any Person

or

io2§ 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

or Persons, for any Term, during the Continuance of this Act, as a Secu. rity for the Repayment of the several Sums that shall be so borrowed, with the Interest thereof.

Aigcgjj.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That and Money’ all the Tolls, and other Monies, which shall come to the Hands of the said borrowed. Trustees, or any of them, or their Treasurer by virtue of this Act, shall be applied in Manner following; that is to say) in the Fil'd Place, in Payment and Discharge of all the Charges and Expellees incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, except so much as relates to the annual Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, to be paid by wtueof this Act to the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, herein-after mentioned, and afterwards from Time to Time in paying the said annual Sum of Money, and in paying and discharging all such Debts and Bills as are now due, or shall hereafter become due from the Trustees, for putting in Execution the said Act of the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and in Payment of all Principal Monies that may be borrowed and taken up at Interest, pursuant to the Powers aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, and in amending the said Roads, and keeping the fame in Repair, and in defraying all other the Charges and Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and to or for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

persons liable

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are to repair the chargeable towards repairing and amending any of the said Roads, shall continue so. ftdl remain chargeable, and do their respective Works in and upon the fame, in like Manner as they used to do, or ought to have done, if this Act had not passed.

Manner of XLI. And, for the more effectually performing the Proportion of Sta-StatueWork tute Work to be done upon the said Roads, by the Inhabitants of the several Parishes within which the fame do lie, be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for the respective Parishes within which any of the said Roads are situate shall, at such Time or Times in the Year as shall be appointed by the Trustees, upon Fifteen Days Notice first given to him or them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize and appoint, make a List in Writing of the Names of the several Persons who, within their respective Parishes, are obliged by Law to do Statute Work upon the said Roads, for the Year in which such Notice shall be given, with their Teams and Draughts, or otherwise, together with the Contribution to be paid by any of such Inhabitants towards the Repair of the said Roads; and also the Number of Days Work which with such Teams and Draughts, or otherwise, each Person ought to do on the Roads in such Parishes respectively; and how much each Person ought to contribute, together also with the Extent of Roads in each Parish, dating what Length thereof is under the Direction and Care of the Trustees, and what Length thereof the said Surveyors on the Part of such Parishes are bound and obliged to repair; which Lifts the Surveyors of the Highways for the said respective Parishes shall, and are hereby directed and required 9 to

1029

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

to deliver in, upon Oath, to the Justices of the Peace for the Paid Counties of Kent and Surrey respectively, at their Petty or Special ';essions, to be held for the respective Divisions in which any of the said Roads do lie (which Oath any One of the said Justices is hereby authorized and required to administer'); and alter such Lifts shall have been so delivered upon Oath as aforesaid, the same shall be sent to the Clerk of the said Trustees, to be by him communicated to and laid before the said Truf-, tees; and thereupon the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may appoint a Time and Place for the Surveyors of the Highways of the said several Parishes to meet them to consider of, adjust, and settle the Proportions of Statute Work to be done by the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes on the Roads, under the Direction of the said Trustees, as also the Proportion of Contribution to be paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, by such Inhabitants; and the said Trustees shall appoint such and so many Persons to do the Statute Duty upon the Roads, and also to pay such Proportion of Contribution for the Year in which they shall so order, direct, or appoint, according to such Adjustment; and if any such Person shall neglect or refuse to do and perform the Statute Work so to be clirested and appointed to be done by him or her, or to pay such Contribution as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay such Sum and Sums of Money as he or she would have been liable to in case such Default or Defaults had happened on any other Roads within the said Parishes; and in case any of the said Surveyors of the Highways shall refuse or neglect to give in and deliver the said Lifts, or to meet and settle with the Trustees in Manner aforesaid, then every such Surveyor of the Highways so refusing or neglecting shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

XLII. And whereas, by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and for repairing the Highways, and clednfing the Streets thereof it is enacted, that, from and after the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, the Office of Surveyor of the Highways in the said PaTifh, should cease and determine, and that there should be paid out of the Rates to be raised for the Highways, to the Treasurer of the Turnpike, erected by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways from the Stones-end in Kent Street and Bermondsey Street, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Dartford, and to the Extent of the Parish of Lewifham, next Bromley and Beckenham, in the County of Kent, the Sum of Forty Shillings yearly, in lieu of all Statute Work directed by any of the said Acts: And whereas, by an Act, made and passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Pfrish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the County of Kent; and in the Parish of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey; and for repairing the Highways, and paving and cleansing the Streets in the said Parishes, it was enacted, that, from anti after the Twenty fifth Day of De^ comber One thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, the Office or Offices of Surveyor of the Highways in the said respective Parishes should ceale [Loc. y Per.J 12 E and

26 Geo. *. Eajft Green twich.

27 Geo. z,

St. Paul, Deptford.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

and determine, and that there should be paid out of the Rates to be faired for the Highways to the Treasurer of the Turnpikes, erected by virtue of several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways from the Stones-end in Kent Street, and Bermondsey Street, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Dartford, unto and to the Extent of the Parish of Lewifham, next Bromley and Beckenham, in the County of Kent, the Sum of Five Pounds, by the Treasurer of the said Parish of Saint Paul Deptford, yearly out of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of the now reciting Act, in lieu of all Statute Work directed by any of the said Acts: And whereas, the said Two yearly Sums of Two Pounds and Five Pounds, are very inadequate to the Contributions which ought to be paid by the said respective Parishes, to the Trustees of the said Turnpikes, towards the Repair of such Parts of the said Roads, lying within the said Parishes respectively, as are under the Care and Management of the said Trustees, and it is expedient and just, that more equitable Payments should be made in future; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, so much of the said several Acts of the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as direct the said Sums of Two Pounds and Five Pounds to be paid yearly, by the said Parishes of Greenwich and Saint Paul, Deptford, as herein-before mentioned, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

Rst« for the

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Over-Repiiis of the seers of the Poor of the said respective Parishes of Greenwich and Saint ttifPirifhesof Patti Deptford, shall, at such Time or Times in the Year as shall be ap-Gretnivich and pointed by the Trustees of the said Roads, upon Fifteen Days previous No-Deptfmt1 tobe f'ce to ^em given by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by delivered in such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize and appoint, to the Trustees. make out an Account of the total Amount of the Rates or AlTeflinents made in the said respective Parishes, in or for the Year next preceding such Notice or Notices respectively, for the Repairs of the Highways, and cleaning the Streets of and in the said Parishes respectively, distinguishing therein how much thereof hath been or may be severally collected and received; together also with an Account, containing the Extent of Roads in each of the said Parishes respectively, and what Proportion thereof is under the Direction and Care of the said Trustees, and what Proportion thereof is repairable by the said respective Parishes, out of the said Rates or Assessments; which Accounts the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the said respective Parishes, or some of them, shall and are hereby directed and required to deliver in upon Oath to the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, at their Special or Petty Sessions, to be held for the Division in which the said Roads do lie (which Oath any One of the said Justices is hereby authorized and required to administer); and after such Accounts shall have been so delivered upon Oath as afore'"aid, the same shall be sent to the Clerk of the said Trustees, to be by him communicated to and laid before the said Trustees; and thereupon the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may appoint a Time and Place for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said several Parishes to meet them to consider of, adjust, and settle the Sums which each of the said Parishes ought to pay out of the Rates, to be made for repairing the Highways in the said several Parishes to the Treasurer of the said 9 - -. Trustees,

IO3O

Certain annual Sams thereby directed to be paidin lieu of Statute Duty, repealed, and other Sums directed to be afeer-t.lined and paid instead thereof.

1031

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

Trustees, to be laid out, expended, and applied for, in, and towards the Repair of such of the said Turnpike Roads as lie within the said Pjirishes of Greenwich and Saint Paul Deptford, respectively; and in case any of the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall refuse or neglect to give in and deliver such Accounts, or to meet and settle with the Trustees aforesaid, every such Churchwarden and Overseer so refusing or neglecting, shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

XLIV. Provided nevertheless, That in case any Differences or Disputes shall arise between the said Trustees and the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways within any of the said Parishes, touching the Proportion of Statute Work to be done on any of the said Roads, or the Proportion of Contribution to be paid, or if any Differences or Disputes shall arise between the said Trustees and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parishes of Eafi Greenwich and Saint Paid, Deptford, touching the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid by the Churchwardens and Overseers of either of the said Parishes, to the Treasurer of the said Trustees as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County wherein any such Difference or Dispute shall arise, at any of their Petty or Special Sessions, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and Eight Days Notice of such Application given to such Surveyors, Churchwardens, and Overseers respectively, to hear and determine such Differences or Disputes respectively.

XLV. Provided, and be it further enacted, That if the Trustees of the said Roads, or any Five or more of them, or such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any Parish, or the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parishes of Eafi Greenwich or Saint Paul, Deptford, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of such Justices upon the Matter of such Differences or Disputes, that then it shall be lawful to and for the Trustees of the said Roads, or such Surveyor or Surveyors, Churchwardens and Overseers as aforesaid so dissatisfied, upon giving or causing to be given, Ten Days Notice of their Intention to the other Party, to appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held for the County or Division in which such Difference or Dispute shall have arisen, if there shall be sufficient Time for that Purpose; if not, upon the like Notice being given to appeal to the General Quarter Sessions, which shall be held for such County or Division, next but One after such Determination shall have been so made by such Justices as aforesaid; and the Justices assembled at such next General Quarter Sessions, or such General Quarter Sessions next but One after such Determination of such Justices, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable, to be paid by either Party, whose Decision shall be final.

XLVL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to compound or agree with any of the said Parishes in which any of the said Roads do lie, or with the respective Surveyors of the Highways within any

Difference touching the Proportion of Statute Work, to be detemined by the Justices.

Allowing an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions upon Difference* relative to Composition* in lieu of Statute Woik.

Trustees may compound for Statute Duty.

1032

To prevent

Obit rust ions by Buildings.

Persons employed for managing the Repairs of the Roads, may act a« Surveyors.

Punishing Drivers for racing.

42° GEORGII MI. Cap. 63.

any such Parishes, for a certain Sum of Money, or otherwise, by the Year, to be paid to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to their Treasurer, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think reasonable, in lieu of the said Statute Work to be done, and Contribution to be paid, by such respective Parishes as aforesaid; and in case of Default in the Payment of any such Composition Money, for the Space of Twenty Days after the fame dial I become due, and shall be demanded in Writing under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Treasurer for the Time being, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County of Kent- or Surrey, upon Oath made before him of such Default of Payment (which Oath he is hereby authorized and required to administer), to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to the Constable or Headborough of the PaTilli in respect whereof such Default shall be made, or of any other Parish near the fame, empowering him to raise and levy the Composition Money so due and in Arrear, by Dili refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who made such Composition or Agreement, on the Behalf of the Parish, ift respect whereof such Composition Money should be payable; rendering to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising the reby (upon Demand), after such Composition Money and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be deducted and paid; all which Compofirion Money shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and that every such Surveyor of the Highways who shall pay any such Composition Money, or on whom the same shall be levied, shall be reimbursed such Money in like Manner as Surveyors of the Highways are by the Laws in being to be reimbursed the Money by them laid out and expended in buying Materials for repairing of Highways.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Building whatsoever, other than such Toll Houses and other Buildings as may be erected by Order of the said Trustees for the Use of the said Roads, shall be erected thereon -, and that no Building shall be erected by any Proprietor or Occupier of Lands adjacent to any Part of the said Roads within Ten Feet on either Side of the said Roads; and if any such Building shall hereafter be erected contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the same shall be deemed a common Nuisance.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall be employed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Purpose of superintending or managing the Repairs of the said Roads, shall and they have hereby full Power and Authority to execute not only the Powers hereby given to Surveyors of the Roads directed to be repaired by this Act, but also such Powers as are or may be hereafter given to any Surveyor or Surveyors of any Roads or Highways by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in being, or hereafter to be made and passed, although such Persons may not be appointed by the particular Name or Denomination of Surveyors.

XLIX. And whereas, many bad Accidents happen, and great Mif-chiefs are frequently done upon the Streets and Highways, by the

Negligence

1033

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

Negligence or wilful Misbehaviour of Persons driving Carriages thereon; be it therefore further enacted, That if the Driver of any Cart, Car, Dray,

Waggon, or other Carriage of the like Sort or Kind, shall ride upon any such Carriage in any Street or Highway, or on any Horse drawing the fame, and not having some other Person on Foot, or on Horseback, to guide the fame (such Carriages as are conducted by some Person or Persons being in or upon such Carriage, and holding the Reins of the Horse or Horses drawing the fame, excepted); every such Driver so offending, and being convicted thereof, either by his own Confession, the View of a Justice of Peace, or by the Oath of some One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace of the Limit where such Offence shall be committed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Justice; and shall in Default of Payment be committed to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding One Month, unless the same shall be sooner paid; and every such Driver so offending shall and may, by Authority of this A Cl, with or without any Warrant, be apprehended by any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, and shall be immediately conveyed or delivered to a Constable, or other Peace Officer, in order to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law; and if any such Driver shall refuse to discover his Name, it shall and may be lawful for the Justice of the Peace, before w'hom he shall be taken, or to whom any such Complaint shall be made, to commit him to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or to proceed against him for the Penalty aforesaid, by a Description of his Person, and the Offence, and expressing in such Proceedings that he refused to discover his Name.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That For lighting the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall have full Power the Ro*d,» and Authority to cause such and so many Lamps to be erected upon or near the said several Roads, or any of them, or any Part thereof, as they shall think proper, and to fix any of such Lamps to the Freehold of any Person whatsoever, without the Consent of the Owner thereof; and shall also have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to contract with any Person or Persons for lighting, maintaining, and repairing the said Lamps, ^nd to give such Orders and Directions concerning the same as they, the said Trustees, shall judge reasonable, necessary, or expedient, or as the said Services may require.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or ?n^ more of them, shall, and are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, watching as they shall judge proper, to appoint such a Number of fit and able- thera-bodied Men, to be armed and clothed in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct, to be employed as Watchmen,

Guards, or Patroles either on Foot or on Horseback, upon such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall at a General Meeting think fit and proper, who shall attend at such Times and Places thereon, and perform such Duty, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct and appoint; and the said - [Loc. £jf Per.] 12 F Trustees,

1034-

Duty of

Watchmen,'

etc.

Power to Treasurer to iufpencl Watchmen, etc.

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may cause to be erected or provided Watch-boxes, Benches, or other Requisites, for such Watchmen, Guards, or Patroles, at such Places upon the said Roads as they shall judge necessary; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may also appoint a proper Person or proper Persons to be Superintendant or Superintendants, who shall attend and go along the fame Roads, at such Times, and in such Manner, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct; and the said Trustees or ainy Five or more of them may, from Time to Time, remove any of the said Superintendants, Watchmen, Guards, or Patroles, and appoint others in their Room, or in the Room of such as shall die, or refute to serve in such respective Capacities; and the said Trustees, of any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to make such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the better governing the Superintendants, Watchmen, Guards, or Patroles, and for other the Purposes of this Act, with respect to watching and guarding the said Roads, and keeping the Peace thereon, as they the said Trustees shall think proper.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Superintendants, Watchmen, Guards, and Patroles, shall in their several Turns, or Courses of Watching, use their belt Endeavours to prevent Fires, Murders, Burglaries, Robberies, and other Outrages and Disorders, on or on the Sides of the said Roads; and to that End shall, and they are hereby jointly and severally empowered and required to arrest and apprehend all Night Walkers, Malefactors, Rogues, Vagabonds, and all disorderly and suspicious Persons, whom they shall find Disturbers of the publick Peace, and to carry them to some proper Place of Confinement near to the said Roads, there to be kept till the Superintendants, Watchmen, Guards, or Patroles, some or One of them, can conveniently take such Person or Persons before some Justice of the Peace for the said Counties of Kent or Surrey, to be examined and dealt with according to Law; and the Superintendants in their respective Turns, shall so often in every Night as shall be ordered by the said Trustees, go upon the said Roads, and take Notice whether all the Watchmen, Guards, or Patroles, perform their Duties in their several Stations, according to such Orders and Regulations as fi-all have been made forthatPurpoleby the said Trustees as aforesaid; and that every such Superintendant, Watclynan, Guard, and Patrole, shall and may, and is and are hereby required during the Times of his or their watching, superintending, guarding, or patroling, to assist and defend any Persons w'ho shall be unlawfully assaulted, attacked, or abused, upon or near the said Roads.

LIII. Provided always, That the Treasurer appointed by the Trustees for the Time being, or the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby declared to have Power respectively to suspend any Superintendant, Watchman, Guard, or Patrole, to be appointed by virtue of this Act; and to appoint other Superintendants, Watchmen, Guards, or vat-roles, in his or their Place or Places, until the next General Meeting of the said Trustees, which Superintendants, Watchmen, Guards, or Patroles, so appointed by the Treasurer, or by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, Avail be vested with

1035

42° GEORGII Hi. Cap. 63.

all the Powers and Authorities verted in the said Superintendants, Watch* men, Guards, or Patroles, to be appointed by virtue of this Act.

LIV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, or otherwise damage any of the said Lamps which shall be so erected by the said Trustees, or any of the Polls, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or extinguish any of the said Lamps when lighted, it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Kent or Surrey respectively, and he and they is and are hereby required upon Oath made of the Commission of any such Offence, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Party or Parties accused j or it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend, as also for any other Person or Persons to affilt in apprehending such Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before such Justice of the Peace, for the said Counties of Kent or Surrey, to be dealt with as herein-after is airested; and the Party or Parties accused being brought before any such Justice, it shall be lawful for such Justice, either by the Confession of the Offender or Offenders, or by Proof of his or their Offence or Offences, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict such Offender or Offenders; and upon such Conviction, such Offender or Offenders shall, for the First Offence respectively, forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for each Lamp so broken, thrown down, damaged, or extinguished as aforesaid; and for the Second Offence, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and for the Third, and every other subsequent Offence, the Sum of Forty Shillings; and full Satisfaction shall also be made to the said Trustees, or to their Surveyor, by such Offender or Offenders, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not upon Conviction pay such Forfeiture by him, her, or them incurred, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, is here* by required to commit him, her, or them to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given; and One Moiety of the said respective Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and if any Person shall accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise damage any of the said Lamps, or any of the Ports, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not upon Demand, make Satisfaction to the said Trustees or to their Surveyor, for the Damage by such Person done as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said Countiesrof Kent or Surrey, and he is hereby required upon Complaint to be made by the said Trustees, or by their Surveyor, cosummon the Party complained of, and upon his or her Appearance or making Default to appear (Oath being made that the Party complained of was served with such Summons, or that the fame was left at his or her Dwelling House or Place of Abode, if known, or that he or she could not be found), such Justice shall proceed to examine the Matter

For punishing Persons bi caking Lamps, etc.

1036 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

of the said Complaint, and upon Proof thereof, either by the Confession of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall award and order such Satisfaction to be made by the Party complained of, for the Damage so by him or her done, together with Costs, as to such Justice shall appear just and reasonable, and shall cause the Sum so awarded (in case the fame be not paid forthwith upon the making of such Award or Order), together with such Costs, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, rendering to him or her the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, after the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint, and of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, such Justice shall commit the Party complained of to the Common Gaol, or House of Correction, for the Counties of Kent or Surrey, until he or they shall pay the Sum so awarded, for any Tin\e not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

Property of

LV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all and

v^HeTin'the every the Gates, Bars, Turnpikes, Toll Houses, Store Houses, Rooms,

Trustees. Sheds, Carts, Engines, Weights, Materials for Repairs, Pavements, Posts, Rails, Implements, Utensils, and Things whatsoever now belonging to the said Roads, or which are or shall be continued, erected, and set up, or provided by the said Trusteds or by their Order, or otherwise belonging to and used by them for putting this Act in Execution, and also the Right and Property of all such Lamps as are, have been, or shall be, erected or fixed in pursuance of any former Act, or of this Act, with the Posts, Irons, and other Furniture and Materials of such Lamps and also the Right and Property ofall the Armsand Accoutrements of Watchmen and , Superintendants, and all Watch Houses or Boxes, Benches, Implements, and Things, now or hereafter to be provided for the said Watchmen and Superintendants, shall be vested in the said Trustees; and they are hereby empowered to dispose of the fame for the Use and Benefit of the said Roads as they shall think fit, and to bring Actions, or to prefer and prosecute with Effect, Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall steal, secrete, injure, damage, or dispose of the fame, or any of them respectively, to their own Use or Uses, or shall disturb them the said Trustees, or their Surveyors, or other Persons acting under them, in the possession of the Property thereof; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, or damage any of the Watch Houses, Boxes, Benches, or any other R-equifites to be provided as aforesaid, for the Purpose of watching the said Roads, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend, and also for any other Person or Persons whomsoever to assist in apprehending, the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to cause him, her, or them, to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the Counties of Kent or Surrey, and such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesse3 who shall appear or be produced to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted ofall or any of the Offences last aforesaid, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings (whereof One Moiety shall be paid to the Informer, and the

other

4-2* GEORGII III. Cap. 63. 1037

other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act), and shall also make Satisfaction to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid, and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, upon Conviction, pay such Forfeitures and make Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the House of Correction for the said Counties of Kent or Surrey, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

LVI. And whereas the Road leading from the Stones-end, in Bermondsey For exonerat-Street, to the said Turnpike at Saint Thomas a Waterings, is at present under the Care and Management of the Trustees appointed by or in Repair of a pursuance of the said Act of the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign; but inasmuch as the fame, or great Part thereof, although only of Bermondsey, a Branch or Side Road of those directed to be repaired by the said last ^l(P^cinsd mentioned Act, is, nevertheless a principal Road and Avenue leading th'careof^ from London and Westminster, to the several Roads under the Care and the Tniftei* Management of the Trustees for putting in Execution a certain Act paf- t»vufoT\urn-fed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, pike Road.

An Act for making a new Road, cr Street, from Free School Street, South wark, to Dock-head, and from thence through Hickman’s-court otherwise Rose-court, to Lilliput-hall Bridge, in Bermondsey; and for enlarging, for the Term of Twenty-one Tears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Terms and Powers of Three ARs passed in the Twenty-second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh and Thirty-first Tears of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street in Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned; and for repairing the fame, and other Roads adjoining; it hath therefore been agreed by and between the Trustees of the said Two Roads, that so much of the said Piece or Branch of Road as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, (being in the Whole about Three Quarters of a Mile) should in future be under the Care and Management of the Trustees for putting in Execution the said Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of Elis Majesty's Reign, and should be hereafter repaired, amended, and kept by them by and out of the Revenues of their Trust; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, so much of the said Piece or Branch of Road extending from the Stones-end in Bermondsey Street aforesaid, to the said Turnpike at Saint Thomas d Waterings as lies or is situate in the Parish of Bermondsey aforesaid, shall no longer be repaired or repairable under or by virtue of the said Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act; but the same shall from thenceforth be repaired and kept in Repair, by the Trustees for putting in Execution the said Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, subject nevertheless to the Performance of Statute Work by the Persons liable thereto, as herein-after mentioned; and that all the Clauses, Provisions, Directions, Penalties, Matters and Things contained in the said Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the F.eign of His said Majesty, or in any Act therein mentioned, shall be and the same are hereby extended to and declared to include (subject as aforesaid) so much of the \Loc. & Per.'] 12 G said

1.038 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63-

said Piece or Branch of Road so as aforesaid extending from the Stones end, in Bermondsey Street aforesaid, to the said Turnpike at Saint Thomas d Waterings aforesaid, as lies or is situate in the Parish of Bermondsey aforesaid, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Piece or Branch of Road had been therein and thereby expressly described or included.

as to the Per-]

LVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Twenty-formance of fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, the said Truf-thereonDUty tees for Putt*ng in Execution the said Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, or any Five or more of them, shall be, and are hereby inverted with all such Powers and Authorities for requiring and compelling Performance of Statute Work by the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Bermondsey, on so much of the said Road leading from the Stones-end aforesaid, as lies or is situate in the said Parish; and for compcunding for the fame, as by the said recited Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by this present Act, were, or are given to, or vetted in the Trustees thereby or hereby appointed for repairing the said several other Roads therein or herein mentioned; and that all Persons who, by Law, are now chargeable towards the repairing so much of the said Road, in the said Parish of Bermondsey aforesaid, shall remain, continue, and be charged and chargeable, and shall be liable to do and perform the Statute Work in and upon the same as they ought to have done before the passing of this Act; and shall continue subject and liable to the Penalties and Forfeitures for Non-performance thereof, enacted by, or contained in, the said Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this present Act, or either of them, for Neglect thereof.

The annual

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the Care of Sum of 150/. the Roads hereby directed to be repaired, or any Five or more of them, the^Truiieef or their Treasurer for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby re-of this Act, spectively authorized and required, from Time to Time during the Term toes'for the granted by this Act, out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, to pay Eermondfry. to the Trustees for putting in Execution the several Powers granted in and

R°ad. by the said Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, or to any Five or more of the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, the annual Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, by equal Half-yearly Payments, upon the Twenty-fifth Day of December and the Twenty fourth Day of June in every Year, the First Payment whereof shall be made on the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two; which Money shall be applied in repairing and keeping in Repair, as well the said Road hereby transferred to them, as the several Roads which now are, or shall be under their Direction, Care,; or Management, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever-

Penalties and ~LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures how^tobe're- ^y this imposed or inflicted (the Manner of levying and recovering

covered and whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed), shall, upon Proof applied. of the Offences and Conviction of the Offenders respectively, before any Oneor more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County wherein . , c.v,. . fuel)

1039

4 26 GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

such Offences shall be committed, either by the Confession or Confessions of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to administer), be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, and the Overplus, after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when so levied and recovered shall from Time to Time be paid to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to their Treasurer, and shall be applied (if not otherwise particularly directed by this Act) for and towards amending the said Roads, and other the Purposes of this Act; and in Cafe sufficient Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offenders respectively to be committed to the Common Goal for such County, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for such Time as such Justice shall direct, not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Prosecution before such Justice, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LX. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Trustees rsay the Trustees of the said Roads, or any Five or more of them, to direct w*{-such Rewards and Recompence to be paid and given to any Informer as ’ ‘ they shall from Time to Time think proper.

LXI. And whereas several Persons guilty of Offences against this Act Forfecurin^ may be transient People, unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other n intier.t of-Officers, under this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall ‘ea-c- be lawful for the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence as aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Kent or Surrey, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act for so doing; and such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively is and are hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the Conviction or Acquittal of such Offender or Offenders, and on such Conviction, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the Counties of Kent or Surrey for the Times herein and hereby directed for such Offences, unless the respective Penalty by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, shall be sooner paid.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Penalties, Forfeitures, How War-or Sums of Money, are by this Act directed to be levied by Warrant of Distress in case of Nonpayment, and sufficient Distress cannot be found within executed in the Counties of Kent or Surrey where the Offence shall happen to be com- other Coun* mitted, then upon Oath made before any Justice of the Peace of any other County or Place where sufficient Distress may be found, of the Hand Writing of the Justice of the Peace of the said Counties of Kent or Surrey set to such Warrant, and his Name indorsed on such Warrant, the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons against whom such

Warrant

1040

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

Warrant shall be issued shall be subject and liable to such Distress in such other County or Place where the same shall or may be found, and may by virtue of such Warrant and Indorsement be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale by the Person or Persons bringing such Warrant, or to whom such Warrant shall have been originally directed, in the same Manner as if such Goods and Chattels had been found in the said Counties of Kent or Surrey,

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against: this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form, or to the like Effect; that is to say,

Form of Con. vision of Offenders.

« Kmt [or Sumy], > tjE it remembered. That, on the ‘ towlt' Day of in the

Year of the Reign of His Majesty A. B.

‘ is convicted before me, C D. Esquire, One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George

the Third, intituled, \here Jet forth the Title of the Ml, and specify the ‘ Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame was committed, ‘ as the Case shall hej. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and ‘ Year aforesaid.’

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sei-iions.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved, by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act (except in such Cases where the final Determination is directed by this Act), and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been hereby appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County wherein the Cause of Appeal shall arise, within Four Calendar Months after such Cause of Appeal shall have arisen; the Person appealing first giving, or causing to be given, Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such an Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, and within Seven Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Ccfb, as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of every such Appeal, in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing, or appealed against, as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of the said Justices in their said Quarter Sessions, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

Proceedmge

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Convic-quathed for tion, Order, Verdict, Assessment, Judgement, or other Proceeding made, Want of touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, shall be quashed or orm, tic. vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of H;s Majesty's

i04i

4.20 GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

jesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding; and where any Distress shall be made, for any Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor any of the Parties making the same be deemed Trespassers on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall any of the Parties distraining, be deemed Trespassers ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done by any of the Parties distraining; but the respective Per-so.ns aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage, in any Action upon the Cafe, provided that no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity, if sufficient Tender of Amends hath been made to him, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; and such Orders so entered and signed by a competent Number of the said Trustees, as the Case shall require, or by their Clerk, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Cafes of Appeal, Suits, or Actions touching any Thing done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing which shall be done against or under the Authority of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, by virtue of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees, but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the Trustees, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant as the Case may be, in every such Action; and every such Clerk or Treasurer, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding, he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by Reason of his being made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within 'J'hree Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and tried in the County wherein the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so rLtc. & Per.] t2 H done.

Proceedings to be entered in Books.

Trustees may sue and be filed in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer.

Limitation of Actions.

3 042

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

[Publick Act.]

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

done, or if any Adlton or Suit shall be brought after the lime before limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other County or riace than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; and if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cafes by Law.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, and shall continue in force until the End of the First Session of Parliament which shall commence after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, and shall be deemed a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

